Gays are not "normal" people. They have very different desires then that of normal people. They should not be able to get married because a true marriage is between a man and a women. Maybe they should be able to have some type of contract saying they are somehow "connected" for hospitalization purposes, etc.
Cool Hand Dave:  Normal, meaning that you only have desires for the opposite sex. Not somebody who is the same sex as you. God did not design us that way. (But that is a different debate.)
Marage is not a right, its a privage just like having a driver's licence is a privage. The reasonable person can say that we need to have a family that is compost of both sexes to create stable children. It is a fact that children without involved fathers are more likey to have problems as adults, and I would be safe to venter the same is true if they do not have active mothers. And with out a mother to play the mother role and the father to play the his role how does anyone expect our socitiy to build strong families. Normaly in such relations of homosexualty there are more or less domian roles, but not in the same method that they are in a hetreosexual family. To the child, the lines are not as ovbious, and may be confusing. Confusing children is the starting process leading them down the wrong path. For some reason, nature as desided this one for us, and we can not be what we are not, and therefor we must promote the cavepeople apoarch (Many may think I am a caveman for saying that women should be the mother and men the father, I guess I was one of the last beaver cleavers). Its even more important in todays socity where it is so easy to get sucked into trouble with just one wrong move.  However (if this message is not long enough), people do have the right to fredom of assoation, so therefor this is nothing wrong with homosexual reationships, but they can not be promoted by the state, becuase the state has no betift in doing such.
gilligan-  the bible says many things. the bible does say that homosexuals willg o to hell, but it also says that if you truely believe in jesus, you will go to heaven. if one is homosexual and excepts jesus, the bible does say one is welcome to heaven.  but guess what, the bible also says the if you masturbate, you go to hell; if you lie (sin), you will go to hell. the bible is very contradictive. we are NOT ancient man, we, as society, accepts each others differences.  Gilligan, gilligan, gillian. Why do you answer your own questions and then infer that 'ancient man' was stupid or not as (what is a word for this...) politically correct (?) as we 'civilized' (hah) geniuses? ('hahaHA')  All men have sinned. All men will sin. All sins, no matter how little or how big (according to the judgement of men), the consequence of them is eternal punishment in Hell. One sin means that your punishment in Hell, however, Jesus Christ died so that your sins could be forgiven. A person can be homosexual, but they can also go to Heaven if they believe in Jesus Christ. The sin of homosexuality means the punishment of Hell. So does the sin of lying, the sin of abortion, the sin of stealing, the sin of premarital sex, etc. etc. etc.   good, i hope you don't go to church and just practice religion on your own (don't give in the the money theives called 'chuches').  Most churches these days are money thieves, perverting the Bible, Christianity, and the Gospel. But then again, so are most companies Americans give their money to everyday. (Especially those damn name brand clothes like GAP, FUBU, Tommy Hilfiger... ugh, hate 'em)   Crim-  My point was that if Jesus had divinity, he wouldn't need to ask his father why he had forsaken him.  No humans have supernatural powers.  He is 100% human, however, he is also 100% God.
dsadevil-  If that's the christian system, I prefer judiasm  ...  If not supporting jesus means I am going to hell, call me a martyr for justice.  You can prefer whichever one you want. It makes no difference to me whether or not you want to take the easy road.
gilligan-  maybe you misunderstood me; maybe you're putting words in my mouth, either way, you got me all wrong.  Or maybe I'm able to see the subliminal message...?   i ment that ancient man was prejuduce against everything. back then, anyhting other than normal was persecuted (crucified)... and you must have not read the rest of the post, because the thing about 'sin' came out of someone else... i was commenting on it...  Modern man is prejudice against everything, too. (e.g. Arabs are complaining about racism? Well, all that has happened is racial profiling has moved on to them, now.) Modern man also likes to criticize and make fun of everything. (That fat bastard in the cafeteria who eats all the food, that stupid retard kid that everyone likes to make fun of, the dork with the big glasses, the XXXXXX (homosexual kids.))   please read beforer you post; you just repeated everything said before my post :P  Please make sure you're using correct information, and not blabbling the latest anti-Christian/anti-religion XXXX.   i don't know what you are trying to prove, or what new information you brought forth... but i said nothing about large companies NOT being theives. the point is, tommy hilfiger, fubu, gap, etc. got into the business to make a profit... churches shouldn't get into the business to make a profit.   Please read before you post. I just agreed with you, however, I also stated that you shouldn't point fingers at one church and say "AHAHA, you greedy bastards only want money!!!" when ten companies, people, etc. behind you are also greedy, avaricious people.   wow, obviously 200% is possible.  Of course. The fact that you and I cannot understand this doesn't make it impossible. There are a lot of things humans will never be able to understand, because... ta da! we're HUMAN! Such a thrilling revelation, no?   easy road? religion shouldn't be hard in the first place. if it were so, it basically means god is TRYING to send us to hell.  'Religion' isn't as hard as atheists and most misleading religious figures make it out to be. Oh my God! All you'd have to do is accept Jesus Christ as the Son of God, that he died for your sins, and that he is part of the Trinity. What's so hard about that? It is you and your atheist friends that make it out to be some super-difficult belief in which you have to follow 10 steps exactly in order to get in, and if you screw up..., well, you're screwed.   When my youth pastor is talking to an atheist about Jesus, he usually gives his testimony and then tells the person to take everything they've learned or know about Jesus and Christianity... and THROW it out, because it's not representative of who Christ really is.
gilligan-  i don't see any anti-religious statements authored by myself. point them out please.  You'll find them when you reply to my other responses to you.   i don't feel like repeating myself, the answer is up there you just refuse to look at it... along with everything else.  Wow, that's exactly how I'd say it.   no comment besides, "do you realize how stupid that sounds?"  Do you realize how stupid a lot of things you say sound? I'm quite sure we don't need to get into that, however. *ahem*  if you said "The fact that you and I cannot understand this doesn't make it impossible." then no god is possible in your eyes... hey, there are many things we don;t understand. you can take it either way.  Well, first, I did say "The fact that you and I cannot understand this doesn't make it impossible." Secondly, how is no god possible? Third, a person being 100% something and 100% something else isn't entirely impossible. There are people all over the world who change from 100% idiotic to 100% non-idiotic all the time. Lastly, there are many things we don't understand... so what's your point in restating what I said?   please, tell me, who is christ?  Read above. He is the Son of God, part of the Trinity, and he died for the sins of mankind. That's about as simple as I can put it, so I hope you can understand it.
gilligan-  still, no.  You should actually try looking next time, pls thks.  stop with the pointless jibber-jabber.  Obviously it isn't so pointless since you keep responding to it...?  i knew that, but you told me to throw out what i already knew about christ and you would tell me the real definition. please try again.  When I said throw everything, I meant the stuff idiotic religious figures (*ahem* the Pope) out, you knew what I mean. Quit acting stupid.
Is it just me, or does gilligan just love to change the topic of discussion when it becomes uncomfortable for him?
... You are replying... emoticon_confused
Oh Chai,  People like you bring me to tears. Honestly. Jesus Christ existed: you admit that much. Why will you not believe in Him?! Why is He so famous, and everyone knows about Him, if He was of no consequence? I know this is a debate, and I know you are supposed to use facts in a debate. Read the Bible. Have you ever read it? It is so full of facts and watertight arguments, that really lead to evidence, that Jesus is the Christ, the Savior of the world.   Let me tell you a story.... a true story. There was once a lawyer, who wanted to prove that the Bible could not possibly stand up to strong tests. It must fail, or so he thought. He read the whole New Testament through, testing it the whole time, to the best of his human ability. When he had finished, he knew that the Bible was the infallible Word of God. There was no doubt. No test could stand up to the Bible. It broke down everything. He went on to write Ben Hur, the Story of the Christ.   That's all I have to say. I continue to hope that, someday, you will be drawn to Jesus, and believe. He is your Creator, He made you, He knows, and has already determined what will happen to you. It could be that in His will, you will be saved from hell. I hope so.  LovetheSouth
Good grief, at least you will humble yourself enough to read the Bible! Please show me a contradiction. A passage. Just one.
Oh yeah, and homesexuality is definately not liked in Genesis. Why do you think Soddom and Gomorrah were destroyed?
No, homosexuals are not "normal", in the fact that they are totally screwing up earth's design. Which was, in case you're wondering, that the woman should leave her parents and cleave to the man, and the man would protect her. NOT that a guy and a guy or a girl and a girl should get married and so corrupt another child into their way of thinking if they decided to adopt one.
Lol, sorry, I mean the design of the Creator for the earth.
EXCUSE ME?!? Since when? Says who? Where's the evidence?
Common sense! Good grief!! If the simplest solution is most often correct, then explain to me all of the complex solutions in this world, if not this Country alone? Math has complex solutions, government has complex solutions, as does creation, when there could be many less complex solutions.   Crim, whose "idea" is not a belief? Mine, or yours? Personally, I think they're both beliefs, as a belief is something that you believe, and think is true! Both of our "ideas" are beliefs.   Chai, you should really check out both sides of the argument before you say that scientists have information enough to rule out God. I would highly reccomend Dr. Jay L. Wile's General Science textbook for a look at my side. and if God didn't do anything in this world to create it, to rule it, or anything, then what is His purpose? HIS, not hers.
Whatever. Does it really make a difference?  My belief is not science. Science only supports it. Everything about the world we live in supports my belief, if you would only lookat it a little more. No, a LOT more.
mazet,  So I guess you would say that you don't believe in religion. Atheism is a religion. Marriage does not necessarily involve "religion" (as I see it to mean to you), it's just a word for the joining of two people, and it used to mean the marriage of two of the opposite sex.
[QUOTE=admin]Do you support legalized Gay Marriage?   No. Should the USA grant Gay Marriage, then God's hand would strike and divide the land in two, until the Gulf of Mexico extended to the Great Lakes.   Elijah
I've heard that the people who think that gay marriage is right should look in the bible because it says Adam and Eve not Adam and Steve! If you don't believe in God well then I suppose you should understand the concepts of having a baby don't include 2 people of the same sex.They just weren't made that way! emoticon_xlove emoticon_frazzled
Would redefining the institution of Marriage be a "civil right" I'm not sure that I see Hetrosexual Marriage as a "civil right". The Government never created Marriage, just affirms the legal contract between one man and one woman, and only those that fit the standards of age, blood relation, health, etc. What if "civil unions" expand, but couples want to call that a Marriage?  Good point. Marriage as a "civil right" is already available to everyone--so-called gays as well. It's just that some are seeking to broaden what constitutes a marriage. This is not about "civil rights"; it is about changing the accepted definition and understanding of marriage. Nothing is being denied to gay people that is being given to others. They can marry the same way anyone else can. But they can't get benefits for unions outside the understanding of what marriage is, which is what they are really trying to do. Straight people can't get benefits outside of opposite sex relationships either--not that they would want to. But that's not the point. The point is that marriage doesn't need to become an anything-goes institution, any more than it already has.
You also seem to not believe people are really gay. Do you think people are not gay, lesbian transgenderd or bisexual?  The bottom line is that there is no real universal consensus or definition or what "gay" even really is. If you are referring to the phenomenon of 'people being attracted to members of their own gender" then sure, people like that exist--apparently you fall into that description. So how much does this attraction have to be be present before someone meets the qualification (whatever it is) to be gay, anyway? Where is the line between "gay" and "bi-sexual?"
The supreme Court declared Marriage a civil right in the Loving vs Virginia case. The ruling calls marriage a basic human and civil right.  Marriage--that's right. Not coupling of same gender people. Marriage is generally thought of in society as between a man and woman.
People who are gay are not attracted to the opposite sex.  What if someone is unattracted to the opposite sex but also unattracted to the same sex (or anything else for that matter)?
Since we are well aware that families are not of only one definition we must then understand that the legal rights and protections for such unions must also include other concepts.  The problem is that at some point we have to draw the line. What if a group of neighbors in a street decide they want to be a "family" and get all those supposed protections? Worse, what if an adult who is having sexual relations with a child wanted to consider his child "partner" to amount to family? To call two people having gay sex a family goes too far in getting away from what is the fundamental building blocks for the family. We don't get to call anything in the world we want 'a family'--it's not an anything-goes prospect. The institution of 'family' doesn't need to be cheapened that way.  It's true that families have changed over the years--unfortunately children don't always have the joy and blessing of having both a mom and dad these days. And people do the best they can as a 'family' even if it's a single mom or dad with a child. But most people certainly aren't going to view a child with a single parent who's having gay sex with someone as all one big happy wholesome family. People know better than that.
Please review the stipulations outlined above.  Those aren't legal stipulations. That is just someting you came up with.
The American Psychological Association and the American Pschiatric Association disagree with you on that point.  The APA has failed at times to even take a definitive stance against pedophilia. Their credibility is hardly intact.
Then try this one on:No  major professional medical, psychological, or sociological association agrees with you.  That's a bold, recklessly broad statement and one that I don't think you can defend or prove.
I'm talking about, CONCENTING ADULTS for one thing. Personally if an entire city block wants to get together and communally raise their children together, that's their business!  As if the tax code is not already complicated enough in this country . . .  If there are absolutely no boundaries to what defines a family, even with the caveat of consent, there is no way the government could work that out with all the endless options of what groups got benfits, tax breaks, etc. There are reasons for boundaries.  I do, however draw a line at pedophilia. A child is not emotionally able to make informed decissions of that nature. Pedophiliacs use manipulation and intimidation to force their will on children. Children either comply out of fear or the lack of emotional maturity to see the "big picture."  Good.  Besides, that's a slippery slope falicy which we have covered many many times already.  I didn't say one would lead to the other.
If two people care enough for each other to want to live their lives together, who are we to deny them that right? Leo  No one denies them that right already. I haven't heard of a single instance where police blocked to the door to a chapel, park, house, etc. where two gay people were getting married. And no authorities are forcing gay people not to "live their lives together," as you say.
But if the state refuses to recognise their right to commit to each other in a legal union, then they are being denied at least one right which is available to everyone else.  This can also affect legal entitlements.  Leo  They're not given a license for it if it's with an opposite gender partner, that's correct. (except for Mass., which wil probably change eventually) But they can still get married. Interesting that there were so many gay people who only made that supposed marriage commitment the day they could get the license. And now that the fad has died down, news reports indicate that gay people aren't even taking this opportunity to get the license much at all now in Massachusetts. Given that homosexuality is a way of life inseperable from promiscuity and twisted means of sexual gratification, one can't really be surprised that millions of gay people really could care less about marriage, even though they acted as if they did.
IMO, the State doesn't need to recognize it. But if it refuses to recognize gay marriages, then it must also refuse to recognize straight marriages as well. You know, get the government out of marriage. No marriage penalties, and no "encouraging marriage" like what Bush wants. The greatest threat to the "sancity" of marriage is the nazification of it.  So you want to do away with all marriage benefits altogether?
Yes, and marriage penalties too.  But doing away with marriage benefits seems like the ultimate anti-gay (AND anti-straight) position.   Some people don't think gays should get marriage benefits, but you'd have them taken from everyone else too, including gays?  I'm not saying the idea isn't something to entertain, it just seems like throwing out the baby with the bathwater, so to speak.
Let me see if I am understanding you correctly: are you admitting that within certain religious denominations, gay people are already being allowed to be married? Has this phenomon in any way affected your marriage?  Of course I "admit" that--one only needs to read the news to know that it happens. No, it has no specific effect on my individual marriage--but I don't know of anyone that has claimed that it would. It's marriage inthe sense of the institution itself that most are concerned about.  Now, you continue to argue against gay marriage (that above, you admit ALREADY EXISTS) and continue arguing against granting gay people the same civil rights you now enjoy!  I acknowledge that it happens--who wouldn't?? That doesn't mean I have to agree that it's right.
If people want to get married, they should do it for non-monetary reasons. Monetary reasons shouldn't even come into the picture for people who want to get married.   Well, I can't argue with you there--I agree 100%.  I don't completely agree that benefits to couples should be eradicated altogether (whether marriage or civil unions) but that's your opinion and you are entitled to it.
Jyoshu, for someone who is so sure of his opinions, I am surprised that you have chosen to ignore my challenge to you statement -  (BTW, inseparable is spelt with an 'a'. :) )  Leo  Come on now, you know that when people use the word "lifestyle" in this issue they are referring the the actions taken related to one's homosexuality sexuality. It's not a bad word.
Really?See, what even you tend to ignore is that the word 'lifestyle' isn't about one's sexuality or identity but rather how someone lives their life.  I have yet to see a "gay car" or a "gay apartment" or even "gay clothes" for that matter. But I can just imagine what those might be like...hehehehe  That's why the phrase used is usually "homosexual lifestyle" instead of just "lifestyle."
Do you support legalized Gay Marriage?   http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/gay_marriage.HTM  Yes, Gays men should marry women, and gay women should marry men.
Most americans support a Federal Marriage Amendment. Defining Marriage as a union between a man and a woman.  Federal Marriage Amendment   This is the text of the Amend:  Marriage in the United States shall consist only of the union of a man and a woman. Neither this constitution or the constitution of any state, nor state or federal law, shall be construed to require that marital status or the legal incidents thereof be conferred upon unmarried couples or groups.
good the US will be rid of gays
Most americans support a Federal Marriage Amendment. Defining Marriage as a union between a man and a woman.  Federal Marriage Amendment   This is the text of the Amend:  Marriage in the United States shall consist only of the union of a man and a woman. Neither this constitution or the constitution of any state, nor state or federal law, shall be construed to require that marital status or the legal incidents thereof be conferred upon unmarried couples or groups.   When two gay men get together and have sex that produces a kid is the day I will defend gay marriages.  Plus if this is ok then why do gays need organizations like nambla to recruit children into the gay life style.
So producing a child is the defining characteristic of a marriage? What about love, trust, respect, companionship? My wife and I may decide to not have a child, does that mean our marriage should be made illegal?   Again, you keep posting nambla this and nambla that. Nambla is a group of deviant pedophiles, homosexuals despise this behavior too.;)   nambla is a group of deviant pedophiles that claim to be gay. Do you know of any straight people in nambla?  How does a life style grow if it cannot reproduce? Are gays destine to die out or do they have to go out among straight peoples communities and recruit their children?  Is there a gay gene?
Ignore DMG2FUN. He is strangely similar to another person that posted here before, who I believe was recently banned for continuously insulting people by calling them members of hate groups. DMG2FUN sounds very similar (hint hint) to this person, and only wants to get a rise out of people.   Are you the product of a gay men having sex with each other? If so which one of the gay men carried you for nine month?  nambla is a group of deviant pedophiles that claim to be gay.
What person is? However do you have something against lesbians who carry children for nine months? It may soon be possible to clone a person, which means in theory at least, a lesbian would be able to have a child without recourse to any input from a bloke.    Ah, so now they only 'claim' to be gay. Before you stated categorically that they were gay. Why the switch in emphasis?  I certainly think your perseverance in repeating the 'nambla' slogan is interesting. Do you believe saying it on every post means something like an argument? Or are you just re-stating a position you hold?  The people are nambla claim to be gay. No one defending the gay life style has been any to give one straight person claiming to be in nambla.  This is a legitimate concern to parents that nambla is a group of gay deviant pedophiles that want to have sex with their children. It should be spoken any time a person defends the gay life style. This could be called the darker side of the gay life style
OK here are my views on gay people.  If it's OK to be gay, why is it that God created Adam and Eve? Man and women. We have the ability to make our own decisions "yes" but if everyone would have stuck to the bible from the get go there would be no gay people in the world today. Look at it this way, in the prayer Our Father near the end it says and lead us not into temptation but deliver us from evil, which means if all the feminine men out there would have never given in and had sex with another guy, they would have never known if they liked it or not, like eating wheat bread, how do you know you don't like it till you try it? If everyone went after the opposite sex and never had sex with the same sex, and it was socially unacceptable to be gay, there would be no problem. And God gave men Dicks for a reason, were the ones that impregnate women, Women can't get themselves pregnant by themselves or with another women. Which again is more proof that being gay is wrong. If all the men in the world only went out with men and married men only and all the women in the world only went out with women and married women, the population of American's would fall, and within 3 generations with the entire US gay, there would be no one in the US. Might want to think about that while the media and gay people are promoting gayism.
People have the right to dislike gay people. BUT you would think in this day and age that our country would see that while we do have the right to dislike a group of people, that doesn't mean that there should be laws prohibiting this group from doing something.  I agree that the gay people in the world should have rights to do what ever they want, but I dont feel they have a right to promote there lifestyle and try to get others to join them.
[QUOTE=sundowner]Sure they can, send them to a sperm bank and give them a turkey baster, no need for a penis. [QUOTE]  And how is that not breaking the laws of human nature?  I have watched the news for the past 10 years and have grown sick and ****** tired of watching this bull **** about gay rights, cloning, and this BS about the right for a woman to have an abortion, you liberal minded unconstitutional Nazi mother **** are getting on my god damn nerves.  Ever wonder why the world was hit with a virus called HIV? AKA AIDS Seems once the Homosexual thing got bigger, we got hit with this AIDS thing, if I recall AIDS first hit the world in the 1960's, there was a virus that homosexuals were getting that nobody knew what it was, later they called it HIV/AIDS.  And yes the first person on earth to get Aids was a homosexual, tell me that Strait people get it and I'll tell yea that the first person that got HIV that was strait got AIDS threw a blood transfusion from a homosexual that had aids, didn't take to long and AIDS went threw the US and rest of the world.  I guess its in our nature to kill ourselves right? When you Homo's are in hell maybe then you will realize that your open minded gay XXX lifestyle was wrong.  And no I don't hate Jews, No I don't hate black people, and no I don't hate atheists, I just hate Gay people and Liberals and what they call Socialists which is the same thing as a liberal.
OK. Marriage. Originally it was always between man and woman. Why is it all of a sudden changing? Sure you can have a relationship, that's not the main thing that bothers me. Marriage also consists of a nifty little tax break. I'm sorry, but I don't want to pay for that. I think the initial break was there to help raise a family. Until homosexual couples can have children, I don't want to fork that out of my paycheck.  They can legalize these marriages for all I care, but I'm not paying for them, and I'm sure other's don't want to either.  Also, homosexual has all of a sudden started to grow at an alarming rate. It's more than it used to be, and I don't think genetics have anything to do with it. It's learned. So if we keep teaching everyone that it's fine, then sure, we'll have more homosexuals. That's beside the point though. Why are we all of a sudden questioning the definition of marriage? 50 years ago, no one would have thought otherwise. Man and Woman. There are moral reasons (which I won't go into) but there are also scientifical reasons.  Others may disagree with me here
50 years ago a black man could not walk into a diner in Alabama and eat lunch in the same place as a white man. A black man had to drink out of his own water fountain. They could not even pick their own seat on the bus. Your attitude is no different than those racist bigots of the 1960's.  A diference in race is completely different from a difference in sex.  This is supposed to be a debate about the federal marriage amend, not about how I see things. I'm voicing my opinion, so please, if you're going to make attacks against me, please make them logical.   Also, I'm glad that we've gotten over that racist thing. But like I said, this had nothing to to with race. And my attitude isn't like that. I'm accepting to reforms, but within reason. I have friends who are homosexual, but I strongly disagree with them when it comes to orientation. It's different than hating them.  Someone brought up a really good point. If everyone was homosexual, the population would die off.  Some women and men cannot reproduce (due to a flaw in their reproductive organs, if you will), but the majority can. I know of no homosexual that can reproduce without the help of the opposite sex. That should say something right there.   Again there's been a stray from the topic. I just don't think that two people living together, of the same sex, should be considered married.
I don't see how the two are any different. In both cases, the ruling majority looked down upon a minority fighting for it's rights. In both cases, the minority for the most part was not hated by the majority, however was supressed and not given equal rights. And it was not an attack on you, I was merely pointing out that your attitude of denying equal rights to a minority group is no different than a racist of the 60's wanting to deny rights to blacks. This is my opinion...it makes sense to me.  People have been saying "marriage is between a man and a woman, why should we have to pay for 2 men or 2 women to get married?" Well, if that is the case, and you want to deny them the right to marry, why should they have to pay for you to marry? I think gays should stand up and demand a tax break. If they are not going to be given the same rights as the rest of us, why should they have to pay the same amount of taxes to our government and recieve less in return?  Right. And for some reason we look down on Satanic Worship and other things like that. (not saying homosexuals are satanic...) Also Minorities. I'm not looking down on all minorities. I just belive that marriage should be between man and woman. Some change is good (in society) but not all change. Pretty soon we'll have all kinds of groups asking for tax breaks. I'm going to stick to my firm belief that there's a reason it takes 2 people of opposite sexes to reproduce. (don't get me wrong. I'm not saying marriage is meant for reproduction alone, but when it comes down to it, it has a lot to do with it.) I know things are changing in society. People who have children aren't marrying. People marry and don't have children.. I don't agree with all of that either. I know there's a change. I'll accept it. But I do'nt like it.
Anything should be up for debate. gay rights included.
To be honest, it is kind of ridiculous to suggest that people should just accept gay people and not debate about gay rights. You cannot force people to accept a group that they do not like. Tolerance is necessary, acceptance is not.
katie, nice assumption there. "People like me"??? You just assumed that I don't like gay people because I feel that people have the right to NOT like gays. I do not think that gay people should be discriminated against, but I do feel that people should not be forced to accept a group of people whose beliefs they do not agree with. if Joe Bob redneck down the street believes that being gay is a sin, he should have the right to feel that way, whether it is right or not isn't for us to say.
Striel-  Excellent point. Liberals, politicians, tree-huggers, etc. condemn people who do not particularly like homosexuals or the homosexual lifestyle and state that homosexuals have the freedom to do whatever they want. However, they are violating the freedom of others when they try to pass laws that put people in jail for making fun of homosexuals, making homosexual slurs, or speaking against homosexuality. The hypocrisy and stupidity of our nation today, eh? Interesting, huh? Walking up to a black person and yelling something like "BURN IN HELL, YOU NIGGER" is just someone exercising their free speech rights, but walking up to a homosexual and saying "BURN IN HELL, YOU XXXXXX" is likely to get you put in jail. Foolish people...  I generally don't mind homosexuals. Stay out of my way, and I won't give a XXXX which gender you prefer in bed. I do, however, think males kissing each other on TV or in public is rather nasty (I don't mind females, though, God help me :() but I have the freedom to think what I want to think, no law or document is going to force me to think that homosexuality is not nasty or is not a sin.
Katie, there are still many people who take the Bible as being the end all authority to everything. Many of those people interpret parts of bible scripture as being against homosexuality. That is ONE reason some people are against gays, they think it goes against God. Others just think it is "gross". Personally I am indifferent towards gay people, they should have the same rights as everyone else, because I don't think a what a person does in the bedroom should have any bearing on their public lives.
Oh yeah, sending people to jail for "hurting someones feelings" is a GREAT idea.     Yes, that was sarcasm.
Wimjim,  Gay rights is a debate. Just as everyone rights are a debate for stupid various reasons. The question I think at hand is, should it be a debate.  Christians rights SHOULD NOT be a debate Jews rights SHOULD NOT be a debate Liberals rights SHOULD NOT be a debate Blacks rights SHOULD NOT be a debate  etc.....  katie,  "sooo very quick question....whos all for gay rigts and who's not...simple yes or no question."  - I think my answer is obvious and explained in my previous posts... (Also more on what I think on "gay rights" in "Should gay people be teachers?")  Always Stay Open Minded   Should gays that defend namble be debated?
I'm curious about how people feel about this. Over 800,000 have already signed the petition that will be sent to Congress.  Petition is at http://www.nogaymarriage.com
I'm curious about how people feel about this. Over 800,000 have already signed the petition that will be sent to Congress.  Petition is at http://www.nogaymarriage.com  I'll sign it as it seems to me that it will open up a whole can of worms if it stands.
I would sign it if it let non-americans sign.
What boogie man do you fear same-sex marriage will bring out?  The next logical step would be marriage to multiple people. This step is not all that different from the step being taken right now as it will be a specialized form of marriage for those with a different sort of lifestyle than the average person. There really is not good reason to believe that you cannot be married to a person of the same sex nor is there a good reason to believe that you cannot have two wives or more. Marriage is whatever we want it to be and it may become more complicated in the near future.
What boogie man do you fear same-sex marriage will bring out?  It would lead ultimately down the road to a marriage bill for polygamists. That is why the current push for a Constitutional Amendment to ban gay marriage also contains a provision banning polygamous marriage as well.  Hmm....some opposition to the petition...More left wing ideology at work.
Whats wrong with polygamy?  Who cares what multiple consenting adults do with their bodies?  Who are we to legislate morality? For thousands of years polygamy has been a natual and accepted form of marriage in many cultures. In nature, the majority of species are polygamist.  Many of the same arguements used to support homosexuality are even stronger for polygamy.   I don't see what the big deal about polygamy is, if we are going to accept homosexuality. Polygamy has been far more common, perhaps even more than monogamy, in history.
I just want to note that I don't agree with polygamy... just that I think its a lot more 'normal' than homosexuality.
Whats wrong with polygamy?  Who cares what multiple consenting adults do with their bodies?  Who are we to legislate morality? For thousands of years polygamy has been a natual and accepted form of marriage in many cultures. In nature, the majority of species are polygamist.  Many of the same arguements used to support homosexuality are even stronger for polygamy.   I don't see what the big deal about polygamy is, if we are going to accept homosexuality. Polygamy has been far more common, perhaps even more than monogamy, in history.  You said "Who cares what multiple consenting adults do with their bodies?  So, should someone be able to consent to using crack cocaine on their body, or engage in bestiality, or cannibalism with a willing recipient?  So what, marrying ones first cousin has been accepted by numerous cultures as well?   Back up your statement with facts/weblinks to support it. Show me where polygamy has been far more common, perhaps even more than monogamy. Just curious.
If the man after God's own heart had multiple wives, why can't I? :)  I have heard others say that we already have polygamy in America. It's called serial polygamy because of our liberal divorce laws.    So now those that are opposed to even more laws on the books and a return to Old Testament practices are considered left wing? What's this world coming too? LOL  King David having multiple wives was under Old Testament practice. Jesus himself stated that divorce laws were granted by Moses and allowed by God because of the hardness of the people hearts. Jesus said a man shall leave his father and mother and be cleaved to his WIFE, Not WIVES.   BTW, its called serial MONOGAMY.   If its 'right wing' to support a ban on homosexual/polygamous marriage than its 'left wing' to oppose a ban on homosexual/polygamous marriage.
There you go using the "N" word. I suppose you think you are normal too huh? At least 2 men in a loving, comitted relationship follow the pratice of fidelity, unlike the man who has 1 wife for each day of the week.  How do you know that the man who has 1 wife for each day of the week doesn't love his wives, or isn't committed to them. Same for the wives toward their husband?  Just curious?
I never stated that the husband or wives were not comitted to each other, I brought up the idea of fidelity. Isn't fidelity part of the american attitude of "normal"? Or at least it is the view of the christian reich.  Time/CNN poll conducted by Harris Interactive. Nov 18-19, 2003  N=1,507 adults nationwide MoE =/-2.5%(total sample)  Question "Do you think marriages between homosexual men or homosexual women should be recognized as legal by the law or not?  Yes 32% No 62% Not Sure 6%  http://www.pollingreport.com/civil.htm  In this poll, 59% of DEMOCRATS were opposed to homosexual marriage for emn or women. Are the Democrats now part of the Christian reich, as well?
Somehow, I think it goes a little deeper than party lines.  I believe what we are seeing is a reaction to the heterophobes that want to foist gay marriage upon the rest of America.
You said "Who cares what multiple consenting adults do with their bodies?  So, should someone be able to consent to using crack cocaine on their body, or engage in bestiality, or cannibalism with a willing recipient?  So what, marrying ones first cousin has been accepted by numerous cultures as well?   Back up your statement with facts/weblinks to support it. Show me where polygamy has been far more common, perhaps even more than monogamy. Just curious.  I was showing an example of how arguments for homosexuality apply to polygamy. I didn't really mean it, but I'll see if I can back it up...  Yes, according to one arguement used to support homosexuality (who cares what consenting adults choose to do) I do beleive crack cocaine, bestiality, and whatever would be acceptable... or at least 'none of our business'.  And yes, who are we to prevent two consenting adults who happen to be cousins from doing what they choose with their own bodies...   As for the commonness of polygamy, I don't know, which is why I made it an ambigous statement... but I'll look for some stuff:  - in the Old Testement (I'll elaborate if you like)  http://www.directory.net/Society/Relationships/Alternative_Lifestyles/Polygamy/ (this is a collection of pro-polygamy sites)  I don't have much time, but I think you could find something about how 'historically, polygamy has been accepted'  It looks like there's a few people out there advocating polygamy. I never suspected it. emoticon_wow
There you go using the "N" word. I suppose you think you are normal too huh? At least 2 men in a loving, comitted relationship follow the pratice of fidelity, unlike the man who has 1 wife for each day of the week.  I didn't mean to assert homosexuality isn't normal (although I beleive so) That's why I put it in the little quotes, sorry for the confusion. My point was, people fight hard to get homosexuality accepted as 'normal', and if you look at polygamy, it's much closer to what we call normal. I was responding to Jake's assertion that saying polygamy will follow homosexuality is a 'scare tactic'.
What exactly is a heterophobe, and how are they "foisting" gay marriage upon America? And tell me please, what exactly is your problem with gay marriage, why are you so opposed to it?  When a person is opposed to gay marriage they are often called a homophobe.  When a person is opposed to the banning of gay marriage, they must therefore be a heterophobe.  Because a have a personal right to be opposed to it, just as you have a right to be for it, if you indeed are. The Constitution of the U.S. gives me this right to be opposed to it, just as it gives you the right to be for it.
<<When a person is opposed to the banning of gay marriage, they must therefore be a heterophobe.<<  No. My options are not limited to supporting only straight marriage, or be a heterophobe. I can support a gay marriage and also support a straight marriage, and not be a heterophobe. I can support gay rights and also support equal rights for straights, and I do.  The Constitution of the U.S. gives you the right to support gay marriage or not. To deprive any of their right to support whatever they wished on this topic(gay marriage) would be fascism.
<<The Constitution of the U.S. gives you the right to support gay marriage or not. To deprive any of their right to support whatever they wished on this topic(gay marriage) would be fascism.<<  I agree.  Good. you can support the fight for gay marriage, and I will support the ban on gay marriage. Any attempt to restrict your right or mine would indeed be fascism.
All the polygamy I've ever heard of involves heterosexuals. Gay and lesbian couples do not have the same lifestyles as polygamists, and gay and lesbian couples do have the same lifestyles as one man and one woman heterosexual couples.   It isn't about heterosexuals or homosexuals in my opinion. What it is about is allowing more types of marriage in the future including multiple people.  Polygamy is not at all a value of our liberal western culture. This is a fear tactic, you have no proof of a connection.  A fear tactic at one time was the belief that gay marriages would one day be instated.
So is it a sin or just a practice? I don't remember Jesus saying polygamy was wrong. The statement you referred to does indicate that he was talking about a single wife, but I wouldn't base a whole social convention on one word out of a whole book. Anyway the Jews don't believe in the New Testament. Would it be okay for them?    Man I screwed that one up. I'll try to be a little more articulate in the future. :)    Okay I was just wondering. I base my wing on what I think is correct, not left or right. A few years ago it was right wing to be against the deficit, now it seems to be left wing. But that just shows what I know about wings. LOL  The idea that it is now left wing to be against deficits is absurd. Numerous Democrats actually wanted to spend more than the Bush Administrations 12.5% increase in federal spending.
In the same light, wouldn't restricting the right of gays to marry be facist as well? Let's not have a double standard here.  Would restricting someone wanting to use cocaine as a recreational drug be fascist? Society has to draw the line somewhere, and it is up to the majority to decide. Do we want the 10,000 or so NAMBLA people getting what they want? I think not.
<<Would restricting someone wanting to use cocaine as a recreational drug be fascist? Society has to draw the line somewhere, and it is up to the majority to decide. Do we want the 10,000 or so NAMBLA people getting what they want? I think not.<<  This is a slippery slope fallacy.  Did I ever say that we were headed down the 'slippery slope' towards legalizing pedophilia which NAMBLA wants? No. What I intended with that post was to show that everbody cannot have everything they want. We surely do not want to legalize Man-Boy relations, do we? No, that is sick behavior. If the majority can decide in cases of behavior like NAMBLA, then it can decide in others as well.
No we have a constitution that protects our freedoms from the majority. And yes it tends to be fascist when freedoms are taken away. Including the freedom to harm ourselves.    No we don't want that and don't allow that because that is when some people affect other people adversely. But that doesn't compare to your first statement where it is affecting no one but themselves and the government should butt out.  Actually we have a constitution that states what our freedoms are. The Constitution gives the people the right to implement a Constitutional Amendment to, as in this case, keep the notion of traditional marriage being takem away from the majority of Americans who oppose gay marriage. Gay marriage hasn't presently been legalized. So for the courts to force gay marriage upon the majority of Americans would be taking away something from them. So, you are right, it tends to be fascist when gays demand that the notion of traditional marriage be altered to include gays being "married." So in your opinion, if it comes down to it and its either going to be the minority or the majority who gets their way, it should be the minority that gets what they want? Well, evidently you have decided that NAMBLA shouldn't get what they want, so whats the difference if
<<Yes, according to one arguement used to support homosexuality (who cares what consenting adults choose to do) I do beleive crack cocaine, bestiality, and whatever would be acceptable... or at least 'none of our business'.<<  Too broad. The consenting adults argument could also support heterosexuality.  Yes it could. It supports hetero, homo, incest, polygamy, etc  By the way, when I say polygamy, I am meaning any marriage of more than 2 persons, not just one man, multiple women... I don't know if there is a different term.  You noted that you don't think people would want to be in a polygamous marriage. Well, I looked on the internet to find something for Traveler and it seems that there is support for polygamy. Besides, for those who do want it, who are we to tell them they can't?
I agree that comparing gay marriage to pedophilia is probably over the top.  Yet polygamy has been a traditionally accepted and 'natural' practice. Historically, there has been far more support for polygamy than homosexuality. It seems a lot more 'normal' to me.   Besides, who are we to say what consenting adults do with their bodies? Right?
Well yeah that's something else it does. But what's your point in saying that?    Yes but by three-quarters of the people or state legislatures, not by a simple majority. Which was what I was pointing out to begin with.    How do you keep from taking away a 'notion'?     Eating pizza hasn't been legalized either, but lots of people do it.    I don't think anyone should be forced into a gay marriage.     You can keep your notion of traditional marriage regardless of what happens. I feel confident that the courts won't rule against having notions.    You know I read back through my post and I didn't see that I said that anywhere. You apparently are having trouble with the concept that there are certain rights that can not be taken away from us without a constitutional amendment which requires more than a majority.     I believe I stated the difference in very plain English. So I'll just repeat it below and maybe you can see where I clearly stated the difference, and it's a big difference.  "No we don't want that and don't allow that because that is when some people affect other people adversely. But that doesn't compare to your first statement where it is affecting no one but themselves and the government should butt out."  Have fun with your little game of semantics and splitting hairs over word usage? You know what was meant by the post.  If the best you can do is resort to this form of childishness, the only thing I can say is go back to your room and play with your kiddie toys. This is a place for adults.
I think he makes a lot of good points Traveler. I see no reason for you to resort to name calling and such when someone can actually refute your argument. Talk about childish.  I'm shocked that you agree with him!!!!I'd be equally shocked if Charchump agreed with him also!!!! Come on, you two and Rank are all intellectually dishonest. You all basically support stifling free speech when that speech is opposed to gay marriage, etc...That's why you and Charchump inject the words bigot, homophobe, etc...People like you and Charchump slur others and try and label them when people post stuff that runs counter to what you want. Conservatives like myself don't do this, and that is why liberals consistently have been getting their butts kicked in the elections since 1994, and they will also in 2004. People are tired of liberal meanspiritedness. You want liberal free speech, and anyone reading your posts can see this. At least Rank only resorts to playing word games and games of semantics. They are still games nonetheless. He didn't refute my points, and others reading the post will know what I meant, so it really doesn't matter.
Well yeah that's something else it does. But what's your point in saying that?  Because our Constitution was not set up to protect the minority.      Yes but by three-quarters of the people or state legislatures, not by a simple majority. Which was what I was pointing out to begin with.  The Amendment would take 66% of the Senators and Congressman signing it, as well as three-quarters of the states' signing it. But, it would only have to be by a marging of 51% to 49% within each state legislature.    How do you keep from taking away a 'notion'?     Eating pizza hasn't been legalized either, but lots of people do it.    I don't think anyone should be forced into a gay marriage.     You can keep your notion of traditional marriage regardless of what happens. I feel confident that the courts won't rule against having notions.    You know I read back through my post and I didn't see that I said that anywhere. You apparently are having trouble with the concept that there are certain rights that can not be taken away from us without a constitutional amendment which requires more than a majority.     I believe I stated the difference in very plain English. So I'll just repeat it below and maybe you can see where I clearly stated the difference, and it's a big difference.  "No we don't want that and don't allow that because that is when some people affect other people adversely. But that doesn't compare to your first statement where it is affecting no one but themselves and the government should butt out."[/QUOTE]
How I love seeing all of these posts which basically state that if you disagree with gay marriage you are absolutely wrong, as well as being a homophobe, anti gay, etc... Interesting how some people just have to use smear words on others when those individuals disagree with things such as gay marriage.
How I love seeing all of these posts which basically state that it does not make you a bigot, anti-gay, or homophobe when you support denial of rights to another group based upon their sexual orientation...interesting how some people hide behind the constitution, religion, and "tradition" to support treating gays as second class citizens not deserving of the same rights as straights.  Look, every person who speaks on this topic is speaking from their own value system. Even the belief that all gays have a right to gay marriage is speaking from a particular value system. Incidentally, marriage is not a right. It is a privilege granted by each respective state.
Yep but I didn't do the math. Actually less than 40% of the people could even make slavery legal again I guess. That's interesting and thanks for pointing it out.  Nice attempt of you to try and make a connection that passing a Constitutional Amendment would be akin to making slavery legal again. Look, Prejudice towards anothers race is discrimination against something that is unchangeable and morally NEUTRAl. Disapproval of gay sex/marriage is not the same as being prejudiced towards someone because of their race.
Oh, well this is relevant emoticon_angry   I would never sign this petition. If two men or two women are in love with eachother and they want to get married it is totaly up to them. No one else should be able to make this desicion for them becaue the are 'different' or 'weird'. Gays are just like anyone else but they are attracted to the same sex.  Should striaght marriages be illegal? Just because we are more used to straight marriages does that make other kinds of marriages 'wrong'!? Who is to say that this is not 'normal'?  "Gays are just like anyone else."  That's where you are wrong.  In the Gay Report by Jay and Young,one of the laregest surveys ever conducted of homosexual sex practices, these homosexual researchers found that: 91% had anal intercourse. 83% engaged in rimming(mouth to anus contact). 22% had done fisting (insertion of the hand and arm into the rectum), 23% admitted to participating in golden showers. 76% admitted to having sex with boys, and 4% admitted to eating feces.  Dr. Gisela L.P. Macphail, a physician at the University of Calgary in Canada, described the serious health risks of homosexual behavior ina a letter to the Calgary Board of Education in September in 1996. She is an epidemiologist and regularly treats AIDS victims. She states "Any practice which facilitates direct or indirect oral-rectal contact will enable the spread of fecal and rectal microorganisms to the sexual partner. Thus anilingus9rimming0, a common practice among homosexual men allows direct spread of pathogens such as Giardia, Entamoeba histolyica, and Herpes A ." She warned the Calgary school district against promoting homosexual behavior...  Want more...I got a ton of it.
You took that wrong. I was trying to say that I was wrong and you were right about not needing a majority to pass an amendment. I just thought it was interesting the way the numbers worked out. I used slavery but could have used anything. I wasn't trying to tie the two together. I could just as easily have said that less than 40% of the people could make gay marriages or heterosexual marriages or anything unconstitutional.  Sorry about that, then. My mistake.
May I ask what any of this has to do with your statement? Gays are not the only ones who partake in such practices, but if you don't believe me, I'll let you discover internet porn for yourself. ;\    Leviathan  More than one researcher has noted that both Heterosexuals and homossexuals engage in bahavior trhat is uniformly unhealthy, but homosexual sex is uniformly unhealthy.  look at the stats here now, and my new thread topic, The Health Risks of Homosexuality, Sodomy.  Between the Lines, Detroits homosexual magazine, reported that the risk of anal cancer soars by nearly 4,000 percent among men involved in homosexuality.  The Medical Institute of Sexual Health reports "homosexual men are at significantly increased risk of HIV/AIDS, hepatitis(because of rimming (mouth to anus contact)), Anal cancer as a result os their sexual practices. "Women who have sex with women are at significantly higher risk of bacterial, breast cancer and ovarian cancer than are heterosexual women.  4,000% increase in anal cancer among men involved in homosexuality. Sodomy kills.
 <<...Yet polygamy has been a traditionally accepted and 'natural' practice. Historically, there has been far more support for polygamy than homosexuality. It seems a lot more 'normal' to me.<<  How many hundreds of years ago was polygamy accepted? Of course there would have been support for polygamy in past societies where women were not treated as equal to men.   <<Besides, who are we to say what consenting adults do with their bodies? Right?<<  Too broad again. The issue is not just about consent. Heterosexual relationships can be described as consentual, unless rape is involved. However, I question just how much choice is involved in polygamous relationships. The wives are often very young. It is very difficult for a woman to leave this type of relationship. Sometimes a daughter is promised to a father.  First, I don't mean polygamy per se, I mean mutliple men/women. Please note that I said Adult, which should rule out the 'very young'. Again, incest would still be against the law (although I imagine that might eventually be legalized for consenting adults). And the people involved are not forced. It seems to me that your objections are based on what happened in some patriarchial societies which are not like ours.  The sites I saw in support of polygamy seemed pretty current and even vibrant. I was very suprised, and a little worried.
Anyway.....  Back to the topic at hand.  Will you sign the nogaymarriage petition?  It has gained SIGNIFICANT momentum in the past month.   There are now over 1 MILLION people who have signed it. As well, there are now 38 states that have banned gay marriage within their borders. All that would be needed in addition to these 38 states ratifying the amendment within their state would be the approval of 2/3 of Congress.  Send a message to Congress. Sign the petition....  emoticon_xgood
I appreciate your candor. Well, you have the right to not to sign it if that is your wish. Thankfully, there will be others that see this and will sign the petition.   Have a good one.....
I'm curious about how people feel about this. Over 800,000 have already signed the petition that will be sent to Congress.  Petition is at http://www.nogaymarriage.com  Bump. In other words, "hear ye, hear ye."
should someone be able to consent to using crack cocaine on their body  as long as they don't sell it to kids  or engage in bestiality  nope - the animal can't give consent  or cannibalism with a willing recipient  nope - as that would require suicide and/or murder....  And no, I won't sign it. It's discriminatory. Mind your own business. Anyway - I think government should remove its big fat butt from marriage all together.  Two biologically related brothers/sister, aunts/nieces, uncles/nephews can get married if they are both of a legal age to consent, and they consent? Would you be for this?  In todays world it IS possible.  And if you ban marriage for them, who are you to say anything to those who would want to ban gay marrige for two biologically unrelated homosexuals/lesbians?
Two biologically related brothers/sister, aunts/nieces, uncles/nephews can get married if they are both of a legal age to consent, and they consent? Would you be for this?  If everyone is happy and consenting.....  I don't get it. Seems all kinds of gross to me. But then I don't get why some guys get attracted to dumb blondes either..  You are sick...Happy and consenting???? In another thread you tried to talk to me about the Bible. You know nothing about the God of the Bible, nor Him if you can make a statement like that.  Sorry, you need help.  Who says that gay marriage has no slippery slope....
First of all you don't know me and you are making a false accusation. Are you aware of what the Bible says about falsely accusing your brother (er, sister in this case).  Falsely accusing???....You are the one who responded to me "happy and consenting...." concerning biologically related brothers wanting to/having the right to marry....   Yes, I think incest is icky. I also don't see a plethera of siblings demanding marriage rights, so the idea that gay marriage will lead to it is a ridiculous argument and will get little more than ridiculous answers out of me.  Let the backpedalling begin!  Secondly - just because I may feel a certain way about something from a religious perspective does not mean I think it has any business being forced on others. They may not share my faith. And they don't have to. God gave all of us free will. Stop trying to control other people - especially if they aren't hurting you. And gay people getting married won't do a dang thing to you. Mind your own business.  I still think government can just but out of marriage all together.  Altogether...The government can't get out of the bedroom or the marriage hall....altogether...That is amost ridiculous answer you gave.   If it did it couldn't legislate minimum age requirements to be married/have sex,and parental rights concerning their children getting married/having sex.
Its amazing that we are even asking this question!! For more than 200 years in this country "everyone" knew the difference of right from wrong - and those that chose to do wrong were too ashamed to admit it. All of a sudden in the last 10 years they are trying to convice us that homosexuality is not "wrong" its a "choice" By that logic, some day murder will be a free choice (actually it already is in the case of abortion) They are doing a fine job of trying to convince all of us that their behavior is "normal". TV shows, movies, magazines, etc. are loaded with gay characters as an agenda to make you accept them. Don't buy it! Write to the media and tell them you won't stand for it.  If we allow such thigs as gay marriage, other things will follow. (including polagamy, and marriage of children) Yes, its shocking, but these things seep in little by little. Imagine how shocked our founding fathers would be to read this discussion we have here!  Homosexuals dont need to mess with marriage. If they want to be together, they can call it something else. Marriage is the union of one MAN and one WOMAN. (isnt it obvious - if you cant create a child together - its abnormal!)  Homosexuals cant stay together anyway. the average is HUNDREDS of partners in a lifetime! So why would they want this when most will divorce soon afterward as they have already proven!!  Every child needs a mom and dad if at all possible. Research has proven this. Our prisons are full of children with no fathers in their lives!! Two moms or two dads has never been proven necessary.
The family is the foundation of any society. A healthy family is the product of a healthy marriage. Not all marriages are healthy, but help is out there for them too. Anyone can choose to go to counseling and choose to pray to God, and HE will most certainly heal lives and marriages.  A country is only as strong as its foundation. Our country is great because of its strong moral foundation. Look at the countries that have collapsed after continually turning their backs on God - the evidence is right there!  The government HAS GOT TO PROTECT MARRIAGE, because if it doesnt, this country will crumble!  If we listen to anyone on this issue, we should listen to FORMER HOMOSEXUALS! They will tell you for themselves how sick they were, and now have found release from the chains of bondage! they now have healthy relationships with the opposite sex. If they were supposed to be gay, and "born with it"....then why are they so much happier and "free" now after saying goodbye to homosexuality?
The only way to protect marriage is to leave it to the churches.
You're a bit late there, aren't you? Marriage has become a state institution as much as a religious one, and I see no practical way to undo that at this point.  oh sure there is. you would just have a lot of angry off people though.
I would be willing to debate anyone on the topic of whether homosexuals should be allowed to marry. I will take the position that they should not.
How many posts do we each make? And I'm ready to start whenever.
7 sounds good to me, and I like the idea of the person posting first also being allowed to post last. Dsadevil, you can go first or second, just let me know.
"Contention I: Marriage is a fundamental human right... The warrent for this is obvious, a government has no place telling people which individuals they designate as their life partner."   For the sake of argument, let's suppose that I wish to designate a young child as my life partner. Now, with your reasoning, it is mine and that child's fundamental right to marriage. Also, suppose I wish to designate and animal or a sibling. Homosexual marriage blurs the lines of who and what should marry.     "In the United States, this is known as freedom of association, the government can no more designate who my wife will be than who my friends are."   Yes, but there are obvious differences between friends and wife.    "The fundamental, intimate relationships I form across my life are sacred to me, and cannot be breached."   My faith (which discourages homosexuality) is sacred to me and cannot be breached. Which position should the government support? It would be impossible for the government to honor everyones "sacred" beliefs.    "The impact is that laws banning homosexual marriage are based off the false and inconsistently applied premise that marriage is an instrument of social change, not a sacred union between to individuals."   The union is no longer sacred when you open it up to the idea of "anyone can marry anything for any reason".     "1) No one can tell an individual who they are allowed to form intimate relationships with, whether those relationships are platonic or not."   Ditto I had for the answer before.  Another problem with homosexual marriage: children. Studies overwhelmingly show that it is very important for children to have both a mother and a father. With homosexual marriage, this problem will escalate.   I didn't put a lot of info into some of my reasons, but this should stimulate the debate.
"1) Logical fallacy, slippery slope argument. Saying children shouldn't marry doesn't refute that homosexuals should."  I was just pointing out what you could do and get away with using your arguments.   "2) There is a fundamental distinction. Marriage is a contract. Contracts require consent. Neither children nor animals are (in a legal or moral sense) capable of giving true consent."  Actually, the ACLU (American Civil Liberties Union), who is at the forefront of trying to get the law changes so homosexuals can marry, believes that children can give consent.  According to the Kansas Attorney General, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) filed a brief with a Kansas state appeals court arguing that the state&#8217;s sexual age of consent laws should be lowered to thirteen years of age.  Kansas Attorney General Phill Kline told reporters, &#8220;The ACLU (American Civil Liberties Union) states specifically in its brief that it is a constitutional right for any child age 13 and older to consent to have sex with anyone.&#8221;  The Topeka Capital-Journal reports, &#8220;In the ACLU&#8217;s brief for Limon&#8230; it said teenagers have a well-established &#8216;liberty interest in being free from state compulsion&#8217; in making personal decisions about sex and marriage.&#8221;     "He doesn't give a warrent to this claim, drop it. Furthermore, the "reasons" for marrying are no different for hetero and homosexual marriages, love, devotion, desire for social legitimacy."  Please give me stats on how long the average homosexual relationship lasts.   "Again, he doesn't provide a study to warrent the claim. Furthermore, studies have indeed shown the opposite. The American Psychological Association reports that there is no geniune difference discernable between children with homosexual vs. heterosexual families. &#8220;Nothing proves that kids of homosexuals have problems in their emotional development.&#8221; The National Association of Social Workers Policy Statement explains: &#8220;Good parents are good parents regardless of their sexual orientation. Gays and lesbians are not going to chose to adopt or have their own children unless they really want to have children.&#8221; His charge is warrentless and is a catagorically denied by the experts. Even the stigmatization argument, the only one with any merit on why gays shouldn't raise kids, is pre-emptively refuted by the aff. Cross-apply my 3rd contention, he doesn't address it at all. It proves that the stigmatization of gays (and thus presumably their children) can be directly linked to the segregation gays face from societal institution. Again, the aff provides benefits, the neg doesn't."   Homosexuality was removed by the APA as a mental disorder from the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) in 1973 following militant threats against members of the executive board. (Chapter 6, Freedom Too Far, by Charles Socarides, M.D; Ronald Bayer, Homosexuality and American Psychiatry: The politics of Diagnosis (New York: Baisc Books, 1981), 101-54; William Dannemeyer, Shadow in the Land (San Francisco: Ignatiius Press, 1989), 24-39). The recent DSM declared that pedophilia is normal. According to it, pedophilia is only wrong when the pedophile feels guilty about the desire to have sex with a child, only then is it a psychological disorder (Dr. Nicolosi reports that in its latest diagnostic manual (DSM-IV) &#8220; a person no longer has a psychological disorder simply because he molests children. To be diagnosed as disordered now, he must also feel anxious about the molestation or be impaired in his work or social relationships.&#8221; Therefore the APA has deemed that conscience-free pedophiles are perfectly normal).  Since 1973, many of the findings and decisions of the APA have been based on politics, not science, and has therefore lost its objectivity, and hence, its credibility.
"Good for the ACLU. I am not them, and they are not me. My args don't hinge on changing age of consent laws, so the fact that the ACLU advocates such is entirely irrelevant. Furthermore, even if I was a rep. of the ACLU, its yet another logical fallacy to suggest that b/c a group made a false or flawed statement on one issue, ALL their issues are flawed. In this case, the particulars of my analysis still stand, b/c none of the args above require a change of age of consent laws."   The ACLU is the organization that is controlling the debate for homosexual marriage. If they get that to pass, what can't they get to pass? YOU may not agree with them, but I was pointing out why homosexual marriage shouldn't be allowed, because the groups at the forefront of the debate will always want to push for more rights. Even for pedophiles.    "i fail to see how length of relationship plays any role in the debate in a society with a heterosexual divorce rate of 50%"   The divorce rate of hetorosexuals is not 50%. That statistic was dreamed up by taking the number of people who get married this year and dividing by how many got divorced. Which doesn't make sense because the people getting divorced got married in years in the past.     "Just b/c the APA was wrong on one topic doesn't prove its wrong on a seperate issue."   The reason i used that quote was to discredit the APA. YOU were the one who quoted them in the first place in order to defend your position.   Also, you did not provide me with any stats of anything in order to show that homosexuals will be good parents. Divorced parents are a problem for children in today's world, since it is shown that homosexual unions stay together a lot less, how will that help today's children?
So the gays are premade that way, by god, as they always have been throughout the animal kingdom?  Lets check out this animal kingdom idea. It implies that there are gay animals. When was the last time ANYONE saw or heard about any type of gay animal. A gay dog? Cat? Horse? Mouse? Two male cows, bulls if you will, going at it plugging each other in the hind quarters. Please enlighten me, anyone if you have heard anything on the subject of gay animals. Not even dolphins, who do have sex for fun due to their level of intelligence, are gay.  So this eliminates the whole idea that being gay was always so and so evolved up to humans.  Then we come to the "God" idea. Will someone please enlighten me as to any diety of any major religion that has ever been a proponent of gay rights. Please, one religion that likes gays. If "God" doesn't like gays, why would he make them?  Ok then, the gays are premade by whatever genetics. False. Gays are an occurence of a degenerate society that does not care itself. A society that accepts gays is like a man who accepts the fact that both his legs are enveloped by gangrene, and does nothing for it. That gangrene will soon travel up his body and kill him.  Acceptance of the gays is the problem that creates the gays. In a controlled environment, hypothetically place 10 infants straight out of the womb, teach them how to speak and write alone. Completely isolate them from everything, even each other. Put them all together around the age of 15 and see what happens. (this experiment is inhumane, yet intellectually sound. impossible to do it because it is not fair to the children) You see what would happen, imagine.
homosexuality, oral sex, masturbation, and lots of other "unnatural sexual activities" have been observed in animals many times...   ...but only in animals in captvity
That's not correct, such activities and attractions have been widely observed in the wild. I would also question your use of "unnatural" to describe natural phenomenon. thats why I put it in quotes...  you have any links to articles about that kind of behavior in animals in the wild?
To the best of my knowledge there has never been a properly documented case of an animal being gay as opposed to bisexual. Homosexual acts between animals have been observed both in the wild and in captivity (although most are observed in 'adolescent' animals).  This is also consistent with historical attitudes to (male) homosexuality; most cultures that accepted homosexuality still expected those practicing to have sexual relations with, and procreate with, women as well.
"God" Does NOT play dice with Sexual Orientation. It is this way, because it was made this way before there was even the notion of a Bible, or Society.  It is this way throughout the Animal Kingdom and remains so with us.Even so, this does not mean that the behavior is proper. Just that it does indeed happen.  So what?
Why are you so convinced that 2000 years of tradition are 'ignorant', while whosever ideas are the most 'progressive' is automatically considered intelligent and courageous?  Who are you to dismiss the thoughts and beleifs of thousands of people over thousands of years? Why are you so intolerant towards beleifs held by millions to billions of people?  The intolerance is interesting. I note that there is tolerance for almost any belief but the one we support.
The intollerance is interesting to me, as well.  I am inclined to think that those whom share beliefs with those that lived 2000 years ago are nothing more than Fundamentalists.  Fundamentalists are inclined to feel more comfortable in a deeply religious nation such as Iran, or within organizations such as Al-Qaeda.  I draw no distinction between a Christian or an Islamic Fundamentalist. They're all the same to me. Scum.  So now you have found a label. You also say that the beliefs are backward and ignorant and fundamentalist. You do NOT say what that is. You label PEOPLE and then pigeon hole them in a way that makes you feel good.   This is the same thing as racism. It is prejudice in its most basic sense. You PRE-JUDGE. I encourage you to make up your own mind. But do so on for honest reasons and not due to some prejudicial belief.   In case you are wondering, I never said the behavior was improper. I only stated that the argument I was replying to did not mean that the behavior was proper only that it occured. I was specifically attacking an argument. I made no statement as to the propriety of any behavior. You, however, cannot say the same thing. You have shown your own intolerance. It is truly a shame that you desire tolerance from others but are exceptionally unwilling to give it. Even if it means you put words in my mouth and accuse me of something I did not do. What I accused you of, you most certainly did do and then proved my point by your next post.  I am truly sorry for you. I do hope you are able to actually admit your error and re look at what was said.
Your notion of "proper" behavior comes from a book written 2,000 years ago by ignorant people. You only perpetuate their ignorance.  And where, pray tell, does your un-'ignorant' system of proper behaviour come from?
You need to experiment with the notion that you will be sexually attracted to your own sex. After you're done, come back and report your findings!  Would you care to rephrase your repetitive comment in a way that actually makes sense, or a point?
I like how everyone attacks each other for comparing homosexuals to animals, and then use "animal evidence" to back themselves (homosexuals) up. so which is it?
Even if animals are homosexual, it doesn't make it natural. When they actually perform the homosexual acts, it's because:  a) They display aggression or dominance. b) They want the top spot in the "animal hierarchy". c) Sometimes just playfulness. d) They are sexually-deprived [like many pets]. These types of animals will hump pretty much anything that movies, including human legs [yeah, we've all seen it]. It's not a homosexual desire, but a desire for an orgasm.  The fact is - in the animal kingdom, homosexuality is NEVER a sexual lifestyle. When females are present, then males go to them instead of their own gender.
Back on the subject that's actually supposed to be debated . . . Scientists have isolated a "gay gene," as they misleadingly call it, located on the X chromosome. That is common knowledge and has been widely spread by the media. However, if you take a closer look at the experiments done, you will notice that they lack the control of heterosexual testing for the same gene. Rather, the researchers just tried to find connections between homosexuals in families, and came up with this gene that was found in a majority of the cases. That does not mean that your sexual orientation is determined by your genetic code, just like your political orientation is not determined by it (though it would make things interesting).  Also, it is rare that a single gene would create such a big impact. Each gene in the human body codes for a single polypeptide, many of which are needed to build a single protein. There is also the question of dealing with polygenic (correct the terminology if it is incorrect) influences, in which many genes have an additive effect on the expression of them.  Basically, God does not play dice. Since we are humans, we were given a mind that knows the difference between right and wrong and that can fight more against instincts, unlike animals. It is environmental influences that play the larger part.  And why does every single thread turn into a religious discussion?
NO NO NO gays should not be able to marry! I can not believe in how secular this country is becoming if we let gays marry it will ruin are tradition in this country because if we let this happen we will have let men to marry as many women as they want same goes for women do to the equal protection act. MARRIAGE IS BETWEEN 1 MAN AND 1 WOMEN PERIOD.  ps sorry for the caps
http://207.158.196.95/spi/marriagevsunion.html -for hvozdany
How does gay legalised gay marriage=legalized polygamy? How does equal protection come into play on that equation? Because if you let gays marry because it is an alternitve way the equal protection says that if you let one happen you have to let the others have that right to. But that is not really my point my real point is that if we let this happend it will ruin marriage in this country, marriage is a bond between a man and a women and if we let gays marry this country will be ruining that tradition thus making this country more secular then it all ready is. AND WE HAVE TO STOP THAT.
Homosexuals are arguing that denying homosexual marriages is a violation of civil rights. This is a misconseption. A homosexual is more than welcomed to get married, just to someone of the opposite sex. The denial of same sex marriage does not discriminate against homosexuals, it applys to bi/hetrosexuals alike. I know pleanty of hetrosexual men that would marry one of their hetro buddy's to recieve marriage benefits while staying "free to play the field". So, proponents of polygamy can make the same exact argument as homosexuals, which is their view of marrige is discriminated against, and the way the Mass. judges interpreted the constitution, polygamy would be legal. I would have no problem if same sex marriages was ratified into the constitution in the way the writers of the constitution intended. But it clearly was not. Our country has become an oligarcy ran by men/women in black robes, imposing their agenda, and arent even elected!
At one time, interracial marriages were not traditional. They didn't lead to leagalised polygamy.  As far as i know interacial marriages werent ever illegal  Why would same sex marriages have to be ratified into the constitution?  Equal rights extends to race, religion, creed, origin, sex. Nowhere in the constitution does it say anything about sexual orientation. Equal rights does not extend to behaviors, and sexual orientation is a behavior. So if the law is going to start extending to behaviors then it will need to be ratified into the constitution. The judges know if it was to be decided up to the common wealth, then same sex marriages have an iceberg's chance in hell at becoming legal. This will be easily seen in the near future (2 yrs) when a federal law is written specifically describing marriages as a union between a man and woman, and then being accepted by well over 2/3 rds of the states.  Once again I will state that I believe homosexuality is immoral, but if the judges stopped imposing their will, and had behaviors, or sexual orientation included under the protection of equal rights the way it was supposed to be ratified then have at it. I dont care.
While Homosexual marriages are allowed, they still only allow for the union of two people. Therefore, the equal protection argument does not apply in unions of more than two people.  Yes, but protonents of polygamy can make the same argument that homosexuals have been making, which it is a violation of their eaqual rights. And to say that unions of only two people discriminate against them. This is why equal rights does not extend to behaviors. Because you can not draw a line anywhere without "discriminating" against someone.  I dont believe polygamy will be ratified becasue they dont have a big enough push in washington, or even salt lake city for that matter. Same sex marriages wouldnt be leagal if it was ratified the proper way.  Homosexuals are not discriminated against in the constitution. If they want to get married. GET MARRIED!!!! But just to someone of the opposite sex.
Those that believe gay marriage should be allowed, how about marriage between and father and his daughter when she becomes of age, a brother and sister, cousins? This would be limited to two people.
How is anything that I mentioned ridiculous? Now if you arent in the debateing mood thats fine, but everything I stated is logical. The three judges who voted against same sex marriages did so on the grounds that I mentioned. Most notably that same sex mariages are not discrimanatory against homosexuals.
Jim Crow's laws disriminated against people of color which is why they were deemed unconstitutional. The denyal of same sex marriage does not discriminate against anyone.   Oh... and you asked were I got my info. Here is a quote from Chief Justice Margaret H. Marshall reagurding the majoraties decision in legalizing same sex mariages:  In writing for the majority of the court, Chief Justice Margaret H. Marshall points out: "The question before us is whether, consistent with the Massachusetts Constitution, the Commonwealth may deny the protections, benefits, and obligations conferred by civil marriage to two individuals of the same sex who wish to marry. We conclude that it may not. The Massachusetts Constitution affirms the dignity and equality of all individuals. It forbids the creation of second-class citizens."  (this was from the boston globe nov 18 2003....you can find the quote in numorous places if you search google)  So Cheif Justice, and her three followers in their infinite wisdom have decided to do some fuzzy interprating of first amendement b/c THEY believe protection should apply to sexual orientation under equal rights in civil marriages, and THEY dont care what the common wealth wants. So they impose their agenda, and the people of Mass have to just take it up the butt (No pun intended).  But there is light at the end of this tunnel. The federal government dislikes this fuzzy interpreting, and we will ratify (the correct way) a clear definition of civil marriage in a few years.
Your argument that no-same-sex-marriage is not discriminatory on the basis that homosexuals can just marry people of the opposite sex could just as easily be used to argue that Jim Crow laws do not discriminate against Black people. After all, Black people were free to marry each other, therefore according to your argument Jim Crow is not discriminatory.  Are you serrious? The Jim Crow laws prohibited rights to people on the basis of color. The constitution does not protect behaviors. The last tiem I checked, being black is not a behavior. Homosexuality is. So denying same sex marriages is not unconstitutional.   LOL, you think that the Supreme Court exists to do what "the people" want?  Not at all. But to amend a new law. And protection under the law based on sexual orientation would be new. It would need to be accetped by a certain majoraty of the commone wealth. Which the judges did not think would happen, so they exploited their power to push their agenda, and I have a problem with that.
There is one correlation between Jim Crow laws, and the legalization of same-sex-marriages. And that correlation is self-serving interpreting of the constitution.   The judges who made interracial marriages illegal did so on the basis of their own belief that they were "protecting racial integrity", and "keeping blood pure" (Loving v Virginia (1961)). (Just an FYI..It was mentioned earlier in the thread that most states made interracial marriages illegal. Only 16 states made it illegal).  Could this be a case of judges pushing their agenda? I find it hard to believe even by a loose interpretation they actually thought dividing the common wealth based on race was somehow allowed by the 14th. Now I don't find it hard to believe they disliked black people and exploited their power to push their agenda. So in retrospect the judges deliberately ignored the constitution, and enacted a law, which completely undermined the rights given to citizens by the constitution, therefore deeming the law unconstitutional.  The judges deemed no-same-sex-marriages discriminatory based on something that isn't even written in the constitution (right of marriage based on sexual preference). Civil unions were created number one to promote procreation, and incentives were given so that couples would remain married so the state would not have to "take care" of their children. Couples in same-sex-marriages cannot procreate together. Though they can take care of children, it says nowhere in the constitution that marriage is necessary to do so. So no-same-sex-marriages are constitutional.  I have no problem with same-sex-marriages being legal. I have a problem with judges imposing their beliefs/agendas by finding loop holes.
Homosexuals are arguing that denying homosexual marriages is a violation of civil rights. This is a misconseption. A homosexual is more than welcomed to get married, just to someone of the opposite sex. The denial of same sex marriage does not discriminate against homosexuals, it applys to bi/hetrosexuals alike.  Totally correct.  [QUOTE=J_ha] I know pleanty of hetrosexual men that would marry one of their hetro buddy's to recieve marriage benefits while staying "free to play the field". [QUOTE/]  Most of us know somebody who will do that.  So, proponents of polygamy can make the same exact argument as homosexuals, which is their view of marrige is discriminated against, and the way the Mass. judges interpreted the constitution, polygamy would be legal. I would have no problem if same sex marriages was ratified into the constitution in the way the writers of the constitution intended. But it clearly was not. Our country has become an oligarcy ran by men/women in black robes, imposing their agenda, and arent even elected!  Very good points.
You shoud send your views to the whitehouse. Apparently the bush administration also disagrees with you (as do most legal experts). They disagree with you so much, that they are trying to pass a constitutional amendment. If you are right, they are wasintg all that time, energy, and spending a fortune on constitutional scholars who say that it IS descriminatory according to the supreme courts rulings on equal protection.  George Bush's comment reguarding the Mass supreme court's ruling on sam-sex-marriages was to the extent of .."deeply disturbing". I dont see how that would be disagreing with me  If you are right, they don't need the constitutional amendment (which is only needed to nullify the equal protection caluse in this case)   If Im correct about what?   Of course, we all know that equal protection has been pretty braoadly applied to mean EVERYBODY, not just based on race, religion, etc...  Everyone falls into the categories of race, religion (or lack thereof), national origin, color, ect... And no one has the power to contol these things (except religion).....The states are more than welcomed to add to the list in certain areas (civil union, work) as long as they do not infringe on the basics the federal gov. has established.
Aside from my personal opinion that the whole idea of 'same sax marriages', if not relationships in that sense, are completely immoral, I'm going to offer a different stance. This is simply because morals differ from person to person, so the argument gets nowhere.  I believe that there are homosexual couples who actually love each other, and would benifit from marriage. However, like J_ha mentioned, there would immediately be waaaaay too many people abusing the system, for benifits alone. The question, (like all, in America) is where do we want the $$ to go? There are just too many loopholes that would come out of a new system. These kind of things happen when you slap tradition in the face. There will always be arguments.  If this is allowed, there will be many more changes in society that will follow immediately. Many of them will probably be even more harmful.
 ...So how can allowing gays to marry discredit this so called "traditional marriage" any worse than what hetero's already have?  Excellent point. Marriage isn't in good shape these days. However, you seem to be saying that this means we are free to ruin it more. Why not fix it rather than making it worse?  The question of whether homosexuality is a choice or a born-with tendency seems to have been decided in this debate. I don't agree....  Why are there any homosexuals at all, if this is clearly a genetic thing? What about people who think they have changed?   Those who have said that allowing polygamy is unlikely have a decent point. But, just consider the fact that we may be on the verge of giving fully equal privileges to homosexuals for the first time in history. Fifty, or two hundred years ago, the average person would have justly thought you were insane if you asked them whether they thought homosexual marriage should be allowed. That proves that the unthinkable can quickly become a big issue with enough pressure.   Polygamists are consenting adults (so are some incestuous people). Why should we push our morality on them? According to the separation of church and state (which I think is a misinterpretation, or at least is becoming ridiculous with people suing the Boy Scouts for choosing 'selectively' because they recieve government funds) we should not! Its unconstitutional.  So why do we? Well, for one thing, the constituition actually talks about equal protection under the law, not equal privilege. Monogamous marriage was considered to be the best thing for society, therefore it was encouraged and strengthened. I think I am very safe in saying that the majority of Canadians and Americans continue to beleive that the monogamous marriage is the best way to both create and raise a family. That's the real reason marriage is 'discrimanatory'. It actually isn't about morals or religion. It's about society.
The government shouldn't support people with mental disorders. We shouldn't have to change our laws to let a small population of people feel like they don't have problems.   I know; I'm being frank. But we have to be frank. We shouldn't have to speak the truth with fears that people like Tom Ammiano will attack us.
Marriage is a private thing with legal ties. It is not mine or your duty to fix everyone else's marriage, nor is it our business to define it for anyone else.   There you go! Polygamy! Incest! Whatever you can think of! Its not our business to define marriage!   You don't agree with what? That homosexuals are born that way? If the answer is yes to this, have you ever questioned the gay person? Have you ever questioned your choice of orientation?   Well, those are the standard questions, and I've been trapped into answering them before. I notice you refrained from answering some of mine, so tit for tat.  You might want to ask your Creator that question. S/he is the one that created them.  Yes. And He is the one who loves them.   200 years ago, the average person thought the same about black people. Thank God that we have evolved a bit.   Yes, thank God that Christians and others stood up for what they believed to be right.   The comparison to black people is not good. Its highly contentions as to whether or not homosexuality is purely genetic while I've never heard anyone debate that black people chose to be black. (and I don't know why that would make a real difference) Also, we weren't changing the definition of marriage.  The point is, no society has ever accepted homosexuality as equal to hetero. None. (whereas, there have been many societies who didn't discriminate based on color) We'd better be more than 100% sure before we do. Instead, it has been done by unelected judges while the majority of the citizens don't support it. This is no longer a real democracy. (Canada and the US, in particular)   We should not push morality on anyone. Morality is subjective. It is in the eyes of the beholder. We cannot legislate morality. It does not work. The way I see life...to each their own, as long as they are not hurting anyone else.   The way I see it, you are pushing your morality on people who think we should be allowed to hurt others. Live and let live - isn't that a moral system?  Encouraging monogamous marriage is a good thing...to teach your kids. Parents can teach simply by monogamous actions and good communications. As far as someone else's marriage...again, it is no one else's business but the people in the union. Here's an Abe Lincoln quote that you may want to try and understand...  "No man is good enough to govern another man without his concent."  My biggest reason for believing in gay marriage is in my thread... "Understanding Unalienable Rights" in this forum. If you don't believe in gay marriage, do yourself a favor and understand them. Know this...if you believe you have the right to govern another man without his concent, man may decide to govern you next. What goes around comes around and it may be a piece of your freedom that is the next to go.  Lilac  Marriage is not a right. It is a priveledge granted to a man and woman because they are the future of society. If marriage were a right, somebody out there has an obligation to marry me! I demand my rights!! :) Rights and obligations go hand in hand. Thats why a person who fails to keep their obligation to respect other's liberty loses their right to liberty.  The U.S. constitution granted equal protection to all its citizens - not equal priviledge. And you may notice that murderers have those protections taken away. That's not equality. But it is just. People may argue that a homosexual couple could benefit society by adopting unwanted children. Maybe that should be looked into. I am highly suspicious of the benefit - and legalizing homosexual marriage means we are about to put children in that situation without really having a clue how it will affect them. The last thing we should do is have homosexual marriage foisted onto a dissenting majority by an unelected few.  I thank you for your reply - it has encouraged me to think - and I think that it is heartfelt - which is very valuable. That is an excellent quote, you don't know how much that means to me because that's exactly how so many people feel when unelected judges are making laws that effect the whole society. You're exactly right - what goes around comes around - and it probably will be my freedoms that are impinged apon next. Many consider the Bible hate speech. Elected legislators will never outlaw it (I think) but who's going to stop an unelected judge? But you never know whether it will reach you or not. An interesting component of "Brave New World" by Aldous Huxley and "1984" by George Orwell is that the loyal members of the Party often found the people they supported turning on them. (this also happened to many in communist regiems) The definition of an authoritarian government is the rule of many by an unelected few. We aren't there yet. We are only a psuedo-autocracy. Not so bad - right?
You are oh so wrong. Many have. Berdaches, two-spirits, etc., the Greeks even saw homosexual relationships as superior to heterosexual unions. Do some research before spouting off, next time.   I knew when I said that homosexuality had never been accepted in a society, that the Romans had even encouraged homosexual relations in the army when they were on duty far away from female contact.   However, I didn't know of any society that actually promoted homosexuality as equal to heterosexuality. I see that the Greeks did see homosexual love as a good thing in some forms. (http://www.fordham.edu/halsall/pwh/greekeros.html)  It seems that the elevation of homosexual relations in Greek culture was because men were considered superior to women. Since homosexual love was love between equals, it was considered greater. (above link)  Some people argue that it was partly due to class and power differences between men - something like pedophelia:  Yet, we should be extremely careful when we point to historical records. We must be aware of the social context of those periods.   For example, it is often pointed out that there have been societies in the past when homosexuality was common and widely accepted, namely Ancient Greece and Rome. It might not have been the majority practice, but it was certainly much more open and much less marginalised than in later centuries in Europe.  But we forget that almost all societies of any size before the modern time, were strongly stratified by class, and powerful men could do what they wanted with the less powerful. History alas, tends to be written by the powerful, so what has come down to us must be read with great care. Were homosexual relationships, whether loving or recreational, all that widely accepted? Or was it that such societies were simply more tolerant of class-exploitation?  How many of the same-sex liaisons in Ancient Greece and Rome would be what we now call egalitarian homosexuality, i.e. a relationship of equals, which is how we expect love and relationships to be today?   (http://www.vjc.moe.edu.sg/academics/dept/english/globalpositioning/nowplaying03_3.php - a pro-homosexuality site)  The Berdache/Two-Spirit thing is interesting....  In this view, all human beings are dual in nature as well -- male and female. Humans are seen as minor relatives of the Goddesses and Gods, while animals and plants do not live on this plane of duality. When a human person is born, only one or the other twin usually comes into substance, into life on Earth -- the other half remains in the spirit world as a "higher self." A woman on Earth has a male higher self, while a man on Earth has his female higher self....  In pre-contact times, native American people had a great reverence for these Two-Spirit people. Quite naturally they viewed Two-Spirits as extraordinary sources of information about human nature. Two-Spirits were healers, artists, prophets -- whatever their personal vision impelled them to be. The native world had great respect for personal vision. If you were born a male, but came back from your first vision quest at 13 years and said your vision told you to live as a woman, your choice was honored. You even got a new name celebrating your choice! Likewise the woman who said she wanted to live as a man, love as a man, even fight as a man, was able to do that freely.   (http://www.whosoever.org/v3i3/berdaches.html)  I think that this is not homosexuality in the way we see it. We see it as a sexual relationship between people of the same sex. It seems to me that a Berdache was not considered to be their origional sex anymore.   That really represents two cultures. Are there more? If not, then I re-assert what I said, slightly modifyed: The vast majority of cultures have not given homosexuality equal status to heterosexuality.  I'm out of time right now, I'll reply to the rest of your post later.
  a) Since when are Canada and the US direct democracies? The US is a Republic, and Canada is quasi-Social-Democracy, but neither have direct citizen input on major decisions. As for unelected judges making important decisions without regard to public opinion, wake up! This happens all the time.   It's true that we are not direct democracies... However, at least we used to elect the people who make our laws. Now, those we elect make some, those we don't make some others.  A lot of people don't like the influence judges are now wielding.   b) It isn't true that most Canadians oppose gay marriage, two surveys done in 1999 and 2003 show that most Canadians are in support of gay marriages...  The results of the survey showed a very different public opinion than claimed by the conservative forces behind the Commons ban. "There is a concern today that [marriage] is being eroded by some of the initiatives of the Liberal government, deferring to the courts and hiding behind the robes of judges," said Eric Lowther, a prominent Reform party conservative, justifying the passage of the bill.  The 1500 Canadians surveyed by The Globe and Mail didn't seem to agree.  I didn't realize that there have been polls that show a majority in favor of gay marriage. I ran across another poll on WorldNetDaily which indicates that opinion has swung back:   Posted: December 4, 2003 12:45 p.m. Eastern    2003 WorldNetDaily.com  A new poll suggests Canadian lawmakers could be putting the cart before the horse when it comes to legalizing homosexual marriage.  The survey by the National Post shows Canadians' opposition to the idea has markedly increased in recent months, with a solid majority now against same-sex marriage.  Conducted by COMPAS Inc. in October and November, the poll found 63 percent of those surveyed want to keep the traditional definition of marriage, or a union between a man and a woman, while 31 percent favor including homosexuals.  That compares to an almost even split in other polls taken this past summer and fall, reports the Post. The last major poll on the issue, by Environics in September and October, found that 56 percent supported same-sex marriage and 42 percent opposed it. An Ipsos-Reid survey in August found respondents were evenly divided, 49-49, on the question.  After courts in British Columbia and Ontario ruled earlier this year same-sex couples have a legal right to marriage, the Canadian government pledged to pass a measure legalizing the practice across Canada.  But survey respondents show support for such legislation is lacking. In response to a direct question, 46 percent said the judges went beyond what laws and the constitution intended, while 34 percent said they followed the law.  The Post reports the survey of 1,000 people indicates a shift in views with a new line of thinking developing on the issue: Leave marriage alone, but come up with another solution for homosexuals. Specifically, 37 percent said the definition of marriage should stay intact but a new category that includes same-sex unions should be created.  (http://www.worldnetdaily.com/news/article.asp?ARTICLE_ID=35957)    In the U.S, a poll indicated that a 2-1 majority support the traditional view of marriage. (http://www.family.org/cforum/fnif/news/a0030529.cfm)
 Although I'm glad to hear that you actually have researched my points, I wish you would do so before you post things which are not true.   :) You have a point. However, I was confident in what I was saying. I had never heard of either the Greek or two-spirit thing.   There are many more. Also, your evaluation of Two-Spirit representing only one culture is incorrect, there were many different cultures of First Nations who had different names for what was essentially the same thing- transgender and/or homosexual relationships.  When I said that it really represents one culture I meant in the sense that it seems to be the same idea shared amoung several cultures. However, I don't really know the extent of it, or the differences between the cultures who shared it. And I still don't think that it is homosexuality in the way we see it. They were truly considered not the same gender as when they were born.  If I may suggest that your assertion "There are many more" is an unreasearched point...
People keep saying homosexuality is genitic. I'm sick of hearing that. It has NOT been proven, so until it is, stop using it as a fact and excuse!
...Ask yourself this...Did I choose my sexual orientation?  If you didn't have a choice, what makes you think anyone else did? Unless you have bi-sexual tendencies, there is no choice....  Another way to find this answer is to ASK gay people if they had a choice. I am willing to bet most of them would say..."are you crazy? What makes you think I would have chosen to be gay in a world of homophobes?"   I partially agee, Lilac. I think that it is likely that there a person can be genetically predisposed towards homosexuality, and when that is combined with environmental factors, a person may find that they are attracted towards people of the same sex and don't remember being otherwise.  However, I beleive that a person can choose to change. There are people who have. I think it is also possible that some may not be able to change. The bible doesn't say that it is wrong to be gay.  Is bisexuality considered a third "orientation"? Why isn't it an intermediate between the other two? In my opinion, that is a really slick way to avoid questions of why some people do seem to be able to choose and change.  And, going back to the general topic of this thread; even if homosexuality is completely genetic and unchangable it doesn't follow that we should recognize a homosexual marriage as deserving of equal priviledge as a heterosexual one. The question is the benefit to society.
In todays world it IS possible, unfortunately...  And if you are FOR gay marriage between two biologically unrelated gay men/women and would be FOR a ban on marriage between two biologically related gay men/women,such as brothers/sister, aunts/nieces, etc... who are you to say anything about someone who wants a ban on gay marriage, like the proposed Constitutional Amendment.  BTW, if you have no problem with gay marriage between two biologically related gay people, then you are sick.   As well, I hear all the time that what someone does in the privacy of their own homes is their business. Would you agree in the case of two biologically related gay men/women, such as two biologically related gay brothers/sisters who are at the age of consent?  I hope not.  Lets see how many who say that it is discriminatory to ban gay marriage as with the proposed Cons. Amend. will show themselves to be hypocrites by not being for gay marriage with two biologically related gay men/women such as brothers/sisters who are at age of consent....  Lets see how many are sick enough to be FOR marriage between two biologically related gay men/women, such as brothers/sisters, who are at age of consent.  I am consistent.   I am ONLY for traditional marriage... between a man and a woman.  No gay marriage of any type, thank you.
Are you for marriage between 2 biologically related heterosexuals? I'm not either. Incest has nothing to do with homosexuality.  No, I am not for marriage between two biologically related heterosexuals. The law allows that second cousins may marry, but to me that is still wrong...  Go check out my thread..."Will you sign NoGayMarriage Petition". go to page 8  Check out responses #115 and #116.  That is why I started this thread.  I was shocked.... I wondered if others had similiar views concerning allowing biologically related brothers being allowed to marry...
Hmm, I did check out the other thread, where you posted:     This would be the Bible in which:     So both daughters get daddy ******, shag him and get pregnant. And considering that God smites people for just about anything and everything in the Bible, he seems silently approving in this case.  If God was silently approving I doubt He would have have the the case of Lot and his daughters in the Bible. Case in point, be careful what you environment you let your children be exposed to. Well, if you did truly check out that thread, would it be ok, in your opinion, for two biologically related brothers to engage in sodomy in the privacy of their own homes?  Incest happens with heteros and homos, unfortunately.  They can't have children so the incest law would not apply, and they aren't any less gay than two biologically unrelated gays.  Well, what's your answer? You commented thrice, do it again.
Actually it seems you are the one that is sick. You have this obsession with what others do with their sex life and want the government to try and prevent any kind of sex you don't approve of. It looks like you are trying hard to repress homosexual desires you have. Otherwise why do you care what others do when it doesn't affect you?  I'm not for or against what other adults do with their consentual sex life. It's none of my business.  You have the nerve to call me sick when there are others on here saying that it doesn't matter if people engage in incest, and give reasons like its ok if they love each other...Go look in the mirror for sickness!!!! You not commenting on phuntings response to me (after I asked him to respond to me a fourth time, which I thank him for, though I disagree with his response) disturbs me, as it should anybody....  The only obsession is see is the obsession gays have in seeking acceptance for their lifestyles....  No, there are no desires that I am trying to repress...Especially not sick homosexual desires....  That tired, worn out method of calling people 'closet cases' won't work with me...Maybe you are the closet case and don't like me bringing stuff like this up???
Like I said, incest has nothing to do with homosexuality. And I did check out the thread, actually, I responded to it by saying "No, and I will not sign a no straight marriage petition either". I think this pretty much sums up my feelings on it.  Incest does too have to do with homosexuality...If two biologically related brothers engage in sodomy or any other sex act, then that is incest. If two biologically related sisters sisters engage in sexual acts that is incest.   Should biologically related gays, say brothers, be allowed to engage in sodomal incest in the privacy of their homes???  Allowed to marry?
My simple answer to the question of this thread is: No.   I don't condone Homosexuality or Incest in any form.
Incest does too have to do with heterosexuality...if bilogically related brothers and sisters engage in sodomy or any other sex act, then that is incest.  Again, I don't see why this is a difficult concept for you, but: Should biologically related straights, say brother and sister, be allowed to engage in sodomal incest in the privacy of their homes???  Allowed to marry?  You said that incest has nothing to do with homosexuality...Yes it does...There is such as thing as sodomal incest...and it can happen with BOTH these groups... biologically related gay brothers and biologically related heterosexual siblings.  Incest can happen between gays and heterosexuals...  Biologically related related straights engaging in sodomy is just as sick and just as much sodomal incest as two biologically related gay brothers engaging in sodomy...  Now, admit that homosexuals can engage in incest just as readily as hetrosexuals can...Your failure to do so will cause many to wonder just why you don't...
My simple answer to the question of this thread is: No.   I don't condone Homosexuality or Incest in any form.  Neither do I...Sadly,though, there are those on here who seem to have no problem with two biologically related gays, be they gay brothers or gay sisters engaging in sexual activities as long as it is in the privacy of their homes...  And I believe that they are, in fact, the true closet cases when it pertains to gay incest..
Sorry DS, I just don't get the connection between homosexuality and incest. Are you asserting that a connection exists?  I'm asserting that I believe both are wrong sexual relations, and sinful in the eyes of God, and that is all I am asserting.
This thread is absolutely ridiculous. Maybe I'm not understanding it :: gay brothers or sisters having sex with each other? I'm sure it occurs but to stretch this into a debate is hardly worth it. If there are gay bro/sis people here who want to defend this, go for it, but I believe this thread is so off-track, it's a mere distraction to the real issues at hand.  I hate to admit it, but I actually agree with you mjames. :p That's never happened before!   We should spend out time clobbering each other over these debates separatly.....
I'm curious, why do you think incest is wrong?  How closely related do you think two people have to be for it to be incest? Or at what point is it no longer incest?  I do with the more traditional view, that Cousin or anything closer is too close.....so   Grandfather ect... Grandmother ect.... Mother  Father Uncle  Aunt Cousin
I hate to admit it, but I actually agree with you mjames. :p That's never happened before!   We should spend out time clobbering each other over these debates separatly.....  Well, you should know that in the U.S., several states allow marriage between cousins. If gay marriage is ever made legal, there will be second cousins who are gay that sooner or later will want the right to marry, just as there have been second cousins who are heterosexuals who have, unfortunately, been given the right to marry.  Gay second cousin marriage could very likely open the door to other gay marriages past even that.  Not likely? Go back 60, 70 years and tell someone that legal gay marriage could happen one day. They would laugh in your face.  Think that gay marriage between 2nd cousins and then on from there to say gay uncles/nephews, aunts/neices wont ever happen if gay marriage is legalized  Think again...They will argue that they can't have deformed children, heck they can't even have children, so the incest laws wouldn't apply to them...  This world is becoming more and more depraved by the year, and you had better realize that...
OK, but it just seems that you want to ignore the fact that incest is not only homosexual, it can be heterosexual as well. Heck, if you include the family dog it can be bestiosexual. I just wonder why the title of the debate is not:  Would you be for 2 biologically related people to marry. Remember, gays are people too, a fact you seem to ignore. Just more of you putting yourself and other meddling heterosexual christians on a platform over this sick, twisted, sinful group? emoticon_rolleyes   No, I'm not ignoring that fact. What I am saying is that I believe all incest and all homosexuality is wrong, not jsut homosexual incest.    Sundowner......Everyone is biologically related. It's simply the closeness. I would not be in favor of any sexual relations between anyone closer togethar than cousin or second cousin.
So it is all a matter of degree to you. Let me ask, how do you decide what is acceptable and what is not? Is there a book or manual that breaks incest down into acceptable and not acceptable. And if you are against ALL incest as you claim, and we are ALL related.....    Ok, I've said this before, and I'll say it again.   God decides not me.    I know we are all related. I SAID that I was not in facor of anything closer than a cousin. Did you not hear me?
Go back 100 years and tell someone that legal black and white marriage could happen one day. They would laugh in your face.   That's called a historical trivialization. The difference between blacks and whites and homosexuality and heterosexuality is that homosexuality is abnormal, it is a mental disorder that can be cured- just like depression, alcoholism, and even pedophilia. It is not in human nature to be depressed, be an alcoholic, be a pedophiler, or be gay. Being Black or Jewish is completely natural.
DS are you not interested in replying to the questions I asked in #29?  Sorry, I didn't see it.    Ok, first, I hate divorcce. God hate's divorce. So yes, I believe it is a sin, except under some cuircumstances.   As in if one of them is cheating on the other. This is perfect grounds for a divorce if you want.   I also wouldn't exactly be suprised by a divorce where abuse was involved. If you're getting beaten up by your husband, then you probably should get out of there.    As for the people who found out they were really brother and sister, but were married first......I dont know. nothing like that has happened before. I'd have to give it some thought. {Please keep in mind, I'm comparatively young, I may not be able to anwer all your arguements}
And if you are FOR gay marriage between two biologically unrelated gay men/women and would be FOR a ban on marriage between two biologically related gay men/women,such as brothers/sister, aunts/nieces, etc... who are you to say anything about someone who wants a ban on gay marriage, like the proposed Constitutional Amendment.    America can't Ban anything? It opened the closet to a portal to Hell.   Look at the bright side, at least the circus will be exciting, from all the diseases/ and "freaks" concieved at the family orgy. Or perhaps the family will grind the freak babe up and eat it-
I want to make nonsensical posts like you do, rapture. Will you teach me?   Looks like you got it under control, and what about my post didn't you understand?
I was referring to changing ideas about what is right and wrong. However homosexuality is caused by genetics, it's not a mental disorder. can you show how homosexuality is caused by genetics?  I wouldnd classify homosexuality as a mental disorder. I wouldnt even say its abnormal, because 'normalcy' has everything to do with the majority. but I keep seeing repeatedly people claiming that homosexuality is genetically caused. can you show some type of proof supporting this?
Because of the following and many more.  Klinefelter's syndrome  Turner's syndrome -  Congenital adrenal hyperplasia (or adrenogenital syndrome)  Androgen insensitivity syndrome (AIS, or testicular feminization)  Partial AIS:  Mayer-Rokitansky-Kustur-Hauser syndrome  Vaginal agenesis  Cloacal exstrophy  Hypospadias  Hermaphroditism  All of the above are sexual disorders caused by genetics. Since sometimes we can't even determine whether a child is a male or female, it is obvious that genetics plays a very important part in human sexual orientation.  So I would ask this question. If a person with female outward appearance that has XY chromosomes, has sex with another female, is she/he a homosexual? I would ask this question: if a person has X and Y chromsomes but female characteristics, does that determine which gender they will be sexually attracted to? I am aware that sexual disorders exist and they are genetic. but how does that necessarily correlate to sexual preference (which is the basis of homosexuality)? since the existence of the Y chromosome or even testosterone in men does not dictate that they are sexually attracted to females, then what does? so far you have not demonstrated a link between genetics and sexual preference
my answer, as it has always been, is that sexual preference is a personal choice, not influenced by genetics, biology, chemistry or physiology. people choose to be either sexually attracted to males, females, family members, animals, etc. its a choice. nobody is born gay  it is beyond me that people take my point to mean that I am against gays, or that I think homosexuality is wrong, or anything like that. people make choices, and it is up to them to live with their choices. no matter what choice anyone makes, the consequences of that choice is theirs to bear, whether you consider them 'good' or 'bad' to me is really a question of perception, which is also based on choice  the statement "people are not born gay" does not condemn people for being gay. it simply brings to light a common misconception that society has been spreading for the past few years. and the statement itself, being a factual statement, is always open for verificatin to see whether it is true or not. it is not an opinion statement, and if it can be proven that people are born gay, then I would gladly retract it  personally, I have no problem with gays as people. homosexuality is just something I choose not to practice
So you actually remember when you made the choice to become hetrosexual? Today I chose to be heterosexual. Just as I can choose later today to be homosexual. the choice itself doesnt change anything about me except what I do.  What about my questions? Can you answer them? Q: If a person with female outward appearance that has XY chromosomes, has sex with another female, is she/he a homosexual?   I think the person is a male, possibly a transvestite or a man that took a sex-change operation. the outward appearance would be female, but the genetic composition would be the same as before. and no, technically that person is not a homosexual (although they would fall under the biblical category of "sexual pervert")  Q: How do you think the gender of a person should be determined?  The traditional way: see if they got testicles. if that fails, then the chromosomes, if possible.  Of course it can be argued that if someone is born with a peculiar gender, and they dont have sex with someone of their gender then they are really not homosexual. probably if all else fails use the chromosome method. there's no ambiguity in that
I'm not following you. Do you mean that later today you could decide to be attracted to another male (assuming you are male)? I was really referring to sexual preference, not sexual actions. yes I am male, and yes I could will my self to be attracted to a man. of course preferably with nice features, but it is always a possiblity.   So for someone that has female sexual organs but XY chromosomes and doesn't know that, has sex with a male, then they are homosexuals? And by your definition, God would have created a "sexual pervert".  if you read what I said youd see I put its probably either a transvestite or a man that had a sex change operation. God doesnt make transvestites or change people's sex. people choose to do these things. if on the other hand a baby is born with female genitals and XY chromosome, then I think that would be very wierd. I've never heard of that happening before though  If they have a penis and no testicles, then they are female? thats the traditional way, Hank  Okay but that does make someone with female outward appearances and male chromosomes a male. when all else fails, the rule is XY = male, XX = female. you cant have any other combination, so there is no guesswork
I'll admit I was uninformed, probably because those cases are so rare and I never really looked up gender disorders. anyway, sexual perverts and not born, people choose choose to alter their sexul identity. if someone is born with a gender abnormalty, I really cant tell you the rules about that  homosexuality is all about being sexually attracted to people of same gender. it really has nothing to do with what you are born like.  and tastyfish, how do you account for bi-sexuals that enjoy sex with either male or female and no real preference. besides, enjoying sex, whether with male or female, can be learned or acquired, just as it can be lost. some people can start off enjoying homosexuality and then find that theu enjoy other forms of sex and lose interest in the type they were previously accustomed to. it happens
Do you call 1 in 2000 rare? Do you realize how many people that is just in the US alone?  If you can't determine someones gender, how do you determine if they are homosexual or not? well, I guess I cant answer that, Hank. Im not qualified to determine gender of these cases. for now we can only cover the other 1999 out of 2000 that we can more easily determine their gender.  at the end of the day, when all is said and done, sexual preference still has nothing to do with genetics. there is no built-in feature that determines who will be sexually attracted what gender.
After seeing all the things that can go wrong in fetal development. After finding out that your sexual organs are determined by hormones, and enough of them, at exactly the right time. After finding out that those hormones can be anywhere from non-existent to too much. You still now say that you think everyone has total control over their sexual preferences. Someone once said "with what judgement you judge, you will be judged". You obviously have no empathy for walking in someone else's shoes.   I will just speak for myself at this point. Although you can apparently make yourself become attracted to another male, I don't have that capacity. Something inside me, whether it is genetics or hormones or some kind of chemical makes me attracted to females and females only. I never picked my sexual preference. It has been females from the very beginning and will always be females.   You may be hooked on logic but you don't know how to use what has hooked you. Hank, show one single case where genetics, chemistry or biology dictated which gender someone was attracted to. I'm talking about a case where the facts are scientifically backed up, not a case based on personal feelings or perspective  we already went over the cases where gender is deviant from straight-forward male or female. you said this acounts for about 1 in 2000 people. but you have yet to show a link between hormonal imbalance and sexual preference. that is, what hormones present have been shown to make certain people attracted to males, or to females, or perhaps family members if possible, etc. or what gene, biological feature or chemical composition makes people more likely to be attracted sexually to a particular gender.
Before I do that, so I'll know if it will do any good, do you have an explanation for why about 95% of females appear to be attracted to males and 95% of males appear to be attracted to females? no explanation, but I can guess because its normal and its what was taught growing up. everywhere in the society sexual attraction to males and females is promoted. now that homosexuality is being promoted more liberally than years past, I expect to see homosexuality more commonly. like I said, its not an explanation, just a guess
A more common acknowledgement of homosexuality means more people are coming out of the closet because society is allowing this to be done more freely. Its not some sort of gay invasion taking momentum. yeah, scombridae, better wording. by 'promote' I mean more openly expressed, not meaning advertising...  Okay then what about for the other animals. Are they mostly hetrosexual because they were taught that growing up? yes and no. animals learn by mimicking or they just know by instinct, depending on the animal and environment. it is abundantly clear that humans differ from other animals in that survival and preservation of the species is not the instinctive driving force for humans. humans can choose leisure or entertainment over reproduction and physical health. humans also are capable of being guided by ethics and culture over natural instinct.
Well humans are animals also. And they learn exactly the same way.  But what about the apes for instance. Do you think they learn sex by mimicking or do you think they instinctively know how to have sex?  Survival is not an instinctive force for humans? Sex is not an instinctive force for humans? What planet are you talking about? You couldn't be more wrong.  Reproduction is entertainment. LOL But seriously humans CAN choose leisure or entertainment over sex but most don't.  Above you said sex was not an instinctive driving force for humans. So what natural instinct are you referring too? you are confusing sex with reproduction. sex without reproduction is solely for pleasure, sex with the intent or reproduction is for preservation of species. but sex and reproduction is not interchangable, although they can be, and the same with pleasure. for instance, you said "reproduction is entertainment". actually sex is entertaining, childbirth usually isnt. get the picture? and I never said "sex is not an instinctive force", I never said that, I said species preservation is not the driving force  anyway, I cant answer for how apes learn about sex, all I can give you is guesses.  I have a question for you: what makes humans prone to commit self-destructive actions (drug abuse, sky-diving, drag racing) knowing fully the potential hazard those actions can have on their personal survival?
Since when did incest, emoticon_confused , equate homosexuality? Last I checked they were two different words with two different definitions. I laugh at the incompetents convinced that the acceptance of gay relationships will suddenly lead to legalized incest, pedophilia, or animal-human interbreeding. Homosexuality does not lead to the carnal love of one's toaster. I personally know of no gay individual that provoked a desire among their peers to engage in coitus with their pet turtle either. This sort of illogical association is too funny to rationally protest! emoticon_xclown nobody said that incest was the same as homosexuality. however, Im sure you would agree that people in incestuous relationships are being socially pressure similar to the gay community a few years ago. so think about it, an incestuous couple cannot legally get married or benefit from any of the rights that homosexuals are protesting for. yet, like gays, their position is that they are consenting adults that are not hurting anyone by their actions. the sanctioning of gay marriages will very likely open the doors for incest marriage. bestiality commiters will possibly make similar arguments, since their logic is about the same (i.e., not illegal, not hurting anyone else), and there will be no surprise if people could marry their pets in the future.  while nobody equated homosexuality to incest, there are grounds of commonality between the 2, and thats what the discussion was about. I hope you see that
But bestiality consists of animal cruelty, so very much hurts another. Just not another human. not necessarily. it is not impossible to think that the animal would enjoy, or learn to enjoy sex with humans. think of male dogs with women (well, you dont really have to think about it if you dont want to :p ), it would be hard to prove that the dog would be under cruelty
 :p How many people know of someone who is gay that would like the right to marry their partner or a future partner? ______ How many people know of someone who is gay or straight that would like the right to marry their father, mother, sister, brother? _______ Riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight. emoticon_rolleyes Who thinks these two questions have any link? ____________  :p you missed the entire point. gay marriage and incestuous marriage can be discussed under the same topic, in the same thread, but that still doesnt equate the 2. anyway, why dont you point out the fundamental differences between gay marriage and homosexual marriage, just in case Im the one thats missing the point...
Then, do you think we should disallow same-sex marriage (i.e. deny gay's their rights) because society may be forced to debate other controversial marriage issues (i.e. incest, animal-human, polygamy etc.) and continue to reshape our definition of it?   I hope not. Change and redefinition = inevitable. nothing is being forced. I said the possibility may arise. furthermore I never said disallow gay marriages in the first place.   what reason is there for a mother and son or 2 sisters not to get married?  and on touching "gay rights", nobody is denying gay rights. gays are not being allowed to marry because thats the law, not because anybody is prejudiced or victimizing gays. until the laws change, it will be illegal for gays to marry. gays are making a big issue out of it, when really, they are the ones currently at fault. you cannot disregard a law and then be mad at the legal system for not accomodating you. if the laws change so that gays can get married, then fine. but nobody is denying gays any rights. gays are aware of the laws concerning marriage, yet they want do things contrary to the established legal framework and then cry discrimination when the legal system doesnt accomodate them. thats not how things work.   I have no problem with gays lobbying to change the laws. thats what your state government is for. but dont go accusing people of discrimination when the gays are deliberately going against the law, and feeling the consequences
this institution started out as a church recognized union. We Americans eventually incorperated it into our political system. I think it should either remain as it is (hetero), and if people have a problem with that, marriage should be given back to the church only. we can't have it both ways
nobody put a ban on gay marriage. gay marriage was never legal or customary in the first place, so your question might be me better put as 'permit gay marriage?'  right now gay marriage is unlawful simply because the laws permitting gay marriage doesnt exist. in order for gay marriage to be permissible, the laws will have to be changed. right now there are lots of people lobbying to get gay marriage legal, and thats the proper procedure  its very disturbing and aggravating when i hear gays say that their rights are being denied. they never had a marriage right in the first place, so nobody took away their right or denied them anything.
Were there no marriages before the church, did God perform the ceremony for Adam and Eve, or were they living in sin? The institution may have been taken over by the church, but it definitely did not start out as a church sponsored event.  What it started out as no longer matters, what matters is what it is today, which as far as the courts should see it, is a legal agreement between two people. If you have a problem with it being two women, that is what it should be, YOUR PROBLEM.  First, this isn't about Adam and Eve. That's irrelevant. Research. It was a religious/community institution.  Secondly, it's everyone's 'problem'. We're paying for it. That's what most of the argument is about. Do they get benifits? who pays for them?  It does matter what it started out as, because it shows an alternative. We're either stuck with all of the arguements today, or we can go back to the 'old way' if you will. That would be nothing short of chaotic, but so is this.
It boils down to the fact that Americans are not ready to begin viewing homosexuality as an acceptable occurance. Homosexuality is still concidered a form of sexual deviance by many, myself included. Explaining sex to youngsters is tough enough without having to explain sexual deviance.
Homosexuality is behavior. If we must recognize gay marriages then why should polygamist be discriminated against? The law governs are behavior. If we don't want to recognize homosexuality we have that right as a society. We don't recognize polygamy, which by the world standards is more acceptable.
What sex isn't behaviour?  Polygamy is not more acceptable by the standards of Western society. I'm not sure I would call it a significant factor of contemporary Western society. It is significant in patriarchal societies. No court or government in Western society has recognized marriage rights for polygamists. Should they? What are western standards? What were they 20 yrs ago? What were they 100yrs ago?  Marriage is recognizing a family unit based on a natural heterosexual contract.
Where would that put families started by artificial insemination? The same as any other heterosexual couple. It's not the way children are created ( adopted, serrogacy, etc). It 's the nature of the relationship (heterosexual). Natural refers to nature not child bearing.
It's not just for a heterosexual contract in the Netherlands, Belgium, most of Canada, and probably not limited that way for much longer in Sweden and Spain. It won't be just for a heterosexual contract in Mass. in May.  There are married heterosexual couples who either choose to not have children, or cannot have children. So it is not just for having a family unit with children either. This isn't europe. There dirinking laws, prostituition laws, and many other laws are different than ours. SO are many other countries. If we want to talk about the world the over 90% of the world doesn't recognize homosexuality.  Mass is taking stpes to ban it. Hawaii did the same thing in 1997 and their legislature stopped it. I believe Mass will do the same.  A family is the basic unit in society traditionally consisting of two parents rearing their own or adopted children; also : any of various social units differing from but regarded as equivalent to the traditional family <a single-parent family<. We're talking about traditional families. A family can be just a wife and husband. It can't be two husbands.
Well, Europe or Canada is more similar to the U.S. than Iran or Saudi Arabia or Namibia.  Yeah this country is more similar to Anglo countries. What's your point? What happens in 2050 when they predict minorites will be over 50% of this country?    Any steps will take years, after the legal marriages have already taken place, if those steps are even successful.  Hawaii did it in a year.    Single parent families are not generally viewed as traditional.  But it is veiwed as natural
  Ok, so conceiving a child is not what makes it nature, what is it? Wouldn't polygamy also include some of that same sex taboo, to women marred together?    Why do you feel your values are right and others that disagree as wrong?  Polygamy is not women married together. It's one man or women married to multiple of the opposite sex like a harem or entourage.  Everyone feels their values are right or else they wouldn't believe in them. What we value shows. Of course atheist don't believe in God so they have a different set of values. I of course believe in God first, family second, and country third. If you have different values then of course you will think yours are better if not then you wouldn't have them.   Our values are what guide us. I feel that from perspective my values give someone a better balance and stability to function in society. You probably think otherwise but I feel statistically I can support mine.
 Look at the current hoity-toity polls which show strong support for gay rights among those 18-29. I don't see polygamy as a value among minorities in the U.S.  They don't ask them about polygamy. Also gays rights is more political than anything else.    Hawaii was different, as the legislature made changes against marriage for gays, while the stayed decision was being appealed to the Supreme Court.  It doesn't really matter does it. We'll see in the end who's right.    So is casual sex and rabies. We don't judge something as good simply because it is natural. Single parenthood is not viewed as the moral traditional ideal among conservatives.  Single parent is natural. Many husbands die early. That's natural. unwed mothers is not considered moral but it's still natural. Casual sex is natural but not rational. It will lead to other problems. Rabies are viruses. Rabies aren't even alive so how can you call that natural?
I would say Mountains are natural, and you would be hard pressed proving they are alive. And really defineing what is 'natural' is pointless if you beleive in evolution, or it has a very different meaning than how you are using it. It we were little off the subject. Rabies weren't really about behavior.  Natural is important in terms of polciy making.
Sorry, I don't practice Polygamy; I don't know the inner workings of the family. I would think it would be a good way for bi-sexual to stay below the radar.  It's all good I didn't think you knew what you were talking about anyways?    I worded the question badly; I should have asked why do you feel that your morals should be forced on to others? By keeping the laws the way they are now it is discrimination. Correct me if I am wrong, but I did not think you could fire some one for being gay. The questions is why should they force their moral on us? Should we let other people like nudist and rapist force their mroals on us?
This entire 'natural' question is a bit daft I feel.  Very little we do in civilised life is 'natural', why does this only ever come out over homosexuality? Why isn't their an outcry about cars, schools, clothes, television, houses, telephones etc. None of them are 'natural'. 'Natural' just seems like an excuse because there is really no argument against homosexuality.  You're so smart. I never thought of that. We are talking about behavior here but thanks for thinking.
How is allowing them to marry "forcing there morals on us"? Yes we would have to deal with the fact of it, but the US has been dealing with the fact of Polygamy fro years. There is only one case that was prosecuted in recent history (that was mostly due to one of his "wives" being 14 when married.  When society legalizes behavior it is in fact accepting it as non-detrimental and accepting it. It is a form of forcing our society to accept the behavior.
Are you saying only natural behaviours should be recognized? Then you must be against long-term monogamous pairings and marriages. You must support public nudity. No policy making is dependent on "moral welfare, non-detrimental, or promotive of pulic interest". They support natural behaviors. Pulic nudity is not natural because clothing is considered a basic need. Anyways keep stretching to support your argument.
Why is natural important with policy making, have actually looked at nature? Even limiting oursleves to behaviour you must beleive in supporting murders if it was a crime of passion based around jealousy or being able to kill off rivals in the work place to reduce competition. Ask anyone and they will say that people should rise above their base instincts and natural tendancies, this is the whole point of societies Exactly it means not having sex with someone jsut becaue you\'re attracted to them. Also it is understandable to feel certain emotions. Society knows that people must learn to manage their emotions. It means doing things because they\'re "right" not becaue you have the urge to do it. That is why laws are made to apply to us ojectively. They use emotions to account for our mens rea when they sentence us. The fact is they can\'t allow people to be governed by emotions. We are a society of order.
Homosexuality would fall into that category, as would left-handedness.  No left handedness is natural not most common but natural. There is scientific findings that are definitive as to why people are left handed. Natural is non-deviant not most common.    We were not born with a suit of clothes on ourselves. Nudity is natural. Yes but it is a natural need. We are born with food does that mean that\'s not natural? We are born under 2 ft is that not natural to be taller? Of course not becasue natur tells us we grow and develop needs that we msut provide for ourselves.    How am I stretching?  You\'re stretching by including things that are not relevant. If you really thought about your arguments then you wouldn\'t be making such a stretch.
What is right is constructed by thinking and questioning humans. Exactly. We decide what is right but a group collectively. We do it through showing the "public interest" behind our decisions.
 People can be taught to not be left-handed. Something being natural behaviour does not make it right. If so, there should be no marriage, no monogamous long-term partnerships, and more violent competition. Humans construct what is considered right.  First off favoring a hand is natural. Teaching ourselves to be ambidextrous is an advantage. It's not common but a natural phemenon that helps us and it to our advantage. Marriage is natural. Throughout history and thorughout the wolrd it's normal to create families. It's a basic a instinct. Science has determined that most of our problems from deviant behavior is when there is a break down in the home. The best adjusted kids are not the ones that have grown up where they see both of roles mothers and fathers being performed.     What natural need is there to clothe one's self, if one does not live in a cold climate? Why is it necessary in every public situation? Even in hot climates people need to protect their skin. Look at all the desert tribes they bundles up more there than people in moderate climates. Also there is a need for privacy for many cultures. When we value our bodies as personal as most cultures do then we value protecting that privacy.    Not relevent. I was illustrating that development is natural.    I doubt it.  Personal opinion. Like most of our comments are opinion
And people are starting to see a public interest and a lack of harm in treating gays and lesbians and their families equally. If I give a gay a right that I have to marry same sex then they have the right that I have. If they dont' have the right to marry same sex and I don't then we both don't have that right. same rights.  Now if they want a right that they dont' have that is different. Just like rapist want the right to have sex with whomever they want. Do they? NO. Do gays no? NO Do I? no So are we disriminatinig against them? NO we decided that it was not in our public interests.  Now there are reason that you will argue that it is in our public interest. That may be true but we are not discriminating them if they still have the same rights.
The fault was yours, your definition of natural is bizarre and vague. The objections were valid as pretty much anything done by people counts as natural the way you were describing it.  Anyway, the important thing to remember is that society does not exist for its own sake, it exists to increase the number of things its individual members can do if they want to. As soon as it starts becoming too restrictive like your version insisting on no sex other than for reproduction and starts preventing too much of what people want to do they will rebel (effectively forming a new socirty within the first one). On the other hand the more inclusive societies become the more powerful they become. What most people do is natural. Hence the term natural.  I'm not saying sex only in reproduction. I'm saying marriage only recognized in heterosexual relationships.  Also more inclusive societies? Greeks, Romans, Zulus, what all happened to them? They were destroyed from within and they were unable to defend themselves when anything came along.
 But if it wasn't sex only in reproduction- this means not even between married couples except for the specific purpose of haing children, then would you have no problem with gay marriage? Surely this is the case as sex only for reproduction isn't enforced nor is marriage only for the purpose of children enforced. Why shouldn't gays be granted equal rights to marry someone they love, in what way could this possibly have any effect on the public interest whatsoever?  Marriage is about protecting a family. Even after death the marriage is still protected as surving the marriage. WE'd change the definition of families it wouldn't be husband and wife it'd be husband and husband.   The argument of why shouldn't we grant equal rights to gays is already debated and we won't debate it again. REad above posts. The right to marry has nothing to do with love in the eyes of the law. It gives a man the right to marry a woman and a woman to marry a man. Everyone has the right. If you want a different right well it doesn't mean you're discriminated against.     Why is it in the publics interest you get married before having kids rather than just having children out of wedlock and both partners staying to raise them? You have many rights granted you that are not in the public interest- free speech, the right to bear arms, freedom of religion. These are all rights in the individual's interest rather than the whole society. It isn't illegal to ahve kids out of wedlock. The law recognizes that through common law marriages and parental rights. The public has an interst in free speech. It promotes interaction of ideas. What good does society have in promoting homosexuality?      Greeks and Romans are probably the most influential powers in the history of the world, and their empires lasted a great deal longer than ours have.  They're down fall was their inability to control their liberalism. They were destroyed because they were too accepting.   The people that made it great such as aristole and socrates were probably against gay marriages. If you read their philosophy about families you'll be pretty impressed. So the poeple taht made it great were about protecting families.
 It's a circular argument that states marriage simply is heterosexual. It's the same line of logic they used against inter-racial marriages. You have said before that race is proven physical. I believe the effect is similar.  We already debated this. The effect is not similar. The law protects heterosexual marriages. They sid a heterosexual marriage isn't legal if you're black.   Law only heterosexual marriage. I want a gay one. Well we don't allow that for anyone regardless of the race, gender, ability, or orientation.  Do you understand the difference yet?    You state sexual orientation is behaviour. Religions are behaviours. Do Christians have equal rights in China and Iran, under the former Taliban, because they have the right to be the same as the "natural" "non-deviant" majority, and practice another religion or no religion? In those societies, not even the Islamic people or the non-religious people have the right to practice Christianity, nor to be married in a Christian church. Thus, everyone has equal rights. Therefore there is no need to concern ourselves with Christian "oppression" in certain societies. It isn't discrimination. These are not Christian societies, and they don't respect Christain institutions and Christian behaviour. There are some religious people who want the right to do all sorts of harmful rituals to others. Those societies don't give that right, just as they don't give it to Christians.   Religion isn't behavior. It's belief. The US protects beliefs. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (Mormons) were allowed to believe in their beliefs. The law regulated their behavior. They weren't allowed to be polygamists.   The US has an interest in allowing people to believe as they will as long as their behavior isn't illegal. The law protects people's beleifs so taht a majority religion doesn't discriminate based upon their beliefs.  If I believed rape was justified by God. No one could discriminate me according to my beliefs. If I raped someone, well that's a different story.  In those other societies there is no freedom of religion and they don't claim to provide that.  Natural behavior is different than religious behavior.
 Now hang on a minute buddy,  Firstly I do not appreciate that tone, I have been civil to you before, despite sarcasm and derision in your previous posts. Frustrated as you are by me, I assure you that your ignorance frustrates me equally. I however, attempt to answer the argument instead of ignoring it and posting insults.  If my argument was stupid, it was only to draw attention to yours was equally. You claim that everything that is not natural is wrong. But then give conflicting assertions as to what is natural and then ignore the fact unnatural things exist that you agree with.   Phunting I was frustrated yesterday by one of my professors and I took it out on you. I apologize and you are right I should maintain civility. Sorry this is an exchange of ideas not insults. So now that we have excahnged insults I won't respond to your insults. We'll just call it even.  My arguments were very definitive and I believe properly lay out good rationale.       All these things you claim to be natural are not, they may be deeply ingrained products of society, but they are not natural.  They are antural. Even from the beginnings of mankind. Also every culture and every soceity has family units so how can you say it's ingrained?   Look up basic essentials. Clothing is a basic essential. Just because we don't begin with something doesn't mean it's not natural. Eating is natural and we require it. Clothing is a natural need as well.    Well if that's not a direct contradiction I don't know what is!  I guess you don't know what one is then.    And non-deviant from what? The norm? The most common? I also think you'll probably find that the term 'natural' comes from what is found in nature, not 'what most people do'.  Deviant is like extreme. When we talk about devicany in anything like statistics we refer to within the normal realm and the extremism in the outlier. So uncharacteristic of normal that it's excluded.   I agree with you on the nature. I never said it's what most people do but natural. People generally act natural because it's their nature.   And here you advocate rational society over just doing what is 'natural', again contradicting yourself.  Doing what you want isn't necessarily natural. Rapist and serila killers feel their feelings are natural. It isn't, it's deviant. They must learn to distinguish between what is acceptable natural behavior and what they feel is natural.   That is not what is being said. Please try to understand, you saying 'you are only allowed to marry someone of the opposite sex, everyone has the same right' is akin to saying 'you are only allowed to marry someone of the same race, everyone has the same right'. It is flawed logic at best and a weak excuse for prejudice at worst.  THe constituion doe not allow laws to be based on race. Every law is allwoed to govern behavior. It's like rapists saying everyone has the right to have sex if it the other person is a consenter. It the other person isn't a consenter then they don't have the right to have sex with them. Behavior is the limits of the law. It can't govern anything else.     Err the Roman Empire's fall was mostly due to mass migration, a run of weak Emperors, the population's tendency towards peace over war, political infighting, economic decline, plagues, and the Visigoth revolution. I doubt any serious historian would list 'liberalisation' as a major factor in it's decline.    The Fall of the Roman Empire:  Abandonment of the old religion, which had given moral strength to the Roman People [Religious] Widespread HOMOSEXUALITY among the upper classes led to a decline in the birth rate among aristocrats, thereby reducing the available pool of leadership manpower. [Sexism, Aristocratic Political View of Eugenics]  ORGIES and VENEREAL DISEASE and other entertainments sapped the vigor of the Roman People. [Moral, Medical, Welfare Argument]   http://www.csun.edu/~hcfll004/fallrome.html http://www.thirdmill.org/files/english/html/ch/CH.h.Arnold.CH.16.html    Overall your argument is incoherent, illogical and contradictory and yet you have the audacity to insult me. I suggest you take a good look at your own 'ignorance' and 'stupidity' before criticising others.  emoticon_rolleyes  I won't return the insult we're even. Go to the nearest law school and share my arguments and your arguments you see who's arguments are ignorant.
Have you ever herd the term "spirit wives"? The Mormons still practices polygamy, is that religion or behavior? Thanks for sharing. EMCLEAn please stop spreading your ignorance. Many of may family members are LDS. They are the best people I know. They do not practice polygamy. They have not since 1880's.
The term marriage shouldn't have been adopted by the government. that's where the confusion is. Marriage is religious. Legally recognized marriages are just legally recognized, and that's it. I think the power to recognize a marriage to begin with should go back to the church. Then we can have all the legal unions we want, and we can, you know, actually set a DEFINITION before all of this nonsense starts.
And they didn't allow inter-racial marriage for anyone regardless of race, gender, ability, religion, or orientation. The effect would be the same if they didn't allow inter-faith couples to marry, or didn't recognize marriages performed by a different faith.  What right does a black man have? To marry a black woman. What right does the white man have? To marry white woman. Are these the same rights? What right does a straight man have? To marry a woman. What right does a gay man have? To marry a woman.  Are these the same rights?   Interfaith couples Catholic man ? Only to catholic woman. LDS man? Only to LDS woman. Are these the same rights?      When put into practice it is behaviour. One could say homosexuality is a belief in having sex with those of the same sex(without practice or behaviour). That's true and they are allowed to believe that. When they practice is when the government can stop it.    Indeed, putting their belief into practice.  They were allowed to believe but not practice. We agree.    Of course two men or two women living together isn't illegal. Same-sex marriage is currently not legal, but that may change in the U.S. True. The debate is if it should be.   However, if all people were only allowed to practice Islam(Iran), and only be married in Islamic institutions as an Islamic couple, and only have Islamic ceremonies, that would be giving Christians and all others equality based on behaviour or practice. If I am a practicing Christian who wants to be married to another practicing Christian in a Christian-friendly institution, well they don't allow that for anyone. If it were a free society we would ask who would be harmed by giving equal respect to Christianity? The onus would be on those making the assertion or assumption that it is harmful or bad to show that it is harmful or bad. That's in a free society. Heterosexual behavior by Islam okay. Heterosexual behavior by Christian not okay. Discriminatory because same behavior regulated the faith.   How so?  Natural behavior is behavior given to us physiologically ( not biologically). Religious behavior is behavior god ( higher power) instructs us to do.
Deviant generally has negative connetations as well, even if it is derived from deviate. There is also a big difference between family units and marriage here as well, family units are natural (us being social organisms and the long period of gestation and time taken to maturity we will tend to form groups and family units) but the one we are talking about here, marriage, with all its tax and fringe benefits, is not a natural thing.  The tax and fringe benefits are a result of society's interest not nature's. However the debate is should we allow the marraiges. I'd concede to civil unions but not marriage. Just like I don't think HS students shouldn't get degrees until they get their diploma. it would change the dynamics of marriage. We couldn't say he's not gay he's married. ( the current assumption) The marriage tends to insinuate that even if it's not true. A person would say that he's a Hs graduate because he has his degree. Can you see the analogy?     Homosexuals can form family units, but they can not marry- you are effectively limiting one unnatural behavior by saying that the unit is unnatural.  We believe that isn't the definition of a family. We believe a family is a result of a marriage (husband, wife, children), intercourse ( sharing biology), or adoption(relationship). Not two men being husbands to each other.
 So redheads and atheists and Jews and Green Party members and those with an IQ of 122 or higher, are deviant by that definition.  Green party no because they're within the realm of polictical ideology. Jews no because they have many similarities to Islam and Christianity. All three began in Israel. IQ 122, no because it's not so far above and it's acceptable. Deviat- outside the "ACCEPTED" Norm   Again your definitions of natural are confusing. Humans construct what is acceptable behaviour, it has nothing to do with nature. There is no such concept as "murder" or "rape" within nature. If humans want to construct acceptable behaviour to include homosexuality, and marriage for gay and lesbian people, they will. Yes agree Humans contruct what is acceptable. Part of that contruct is what we consider natural. Yes they will include homosexuality if they want. The debate is should they want to.
To the best of my understanding it is still a common practice. I am not LDS; I knew 2 of them in the army and them clamed that it is still common. There is also a service rep. I deal with that is Mormon and agrees. If it is bad information I am sorry, but that is why I am telling you where I got it from. I would also say that if your friends do not practice it, that doesn't mean that, others don't. I agree but I guarantee you that after all my years of going to church with them. Attending BYU for a year. They don't believe in polygamy. Ask your service rep too. They don't believe in it. Just trying to stop the spread of incorrect information.
Who would it hurt to give gays the right to marry? Would the Vatican explode? Really, who would be harmed by allowing these marriages to happen? Who would it hurt to allow polygamy? Who would it hurt to allow prostitution? Society
Touche, and actually, I'm very surprised by your stance in this thread. Quite the dichotomy (and one that I'm not sure can be reconciled)  However, the true sign of intelligence/wisdom is not to belittle those that don't understand, but to help them to understand. If you're unable to do so, IMHO, it reflects every bit as poorly on you as it does on them.  Waxy It's not a dichotomy. I believe in equal opportunity for all races. I believe the government has a right to recognize certain behaviors. I also believe in God.
One could argue they all have the same right to marry within their own race, but not different, or according to having the same religious practices, but not different. All gay people are not allowed to marry according to their practiced sexual orientation, but heteros are.  Laws are to apply to everyone objectively regardless, of race, gender, ora bilites. Behavior can be used to make a difference. Just like felons can't own guns. Their behavior limited their rights.   See above, discriminatory by sexual orientation behaviour than. We are allowed to discriminate behavior this is the same issue again. THe argument is then do we agree if homosexuality is behavior or not.    Thanks for clearing that up. What was I thinking? Who am I to argue with what you say your invisible man in the sky, which you can't prove exists, instructs us to do?  How do you know He doesn't exist if you don't even know what He is? There are thousands of different philosophies of what God is, how do you knwo none of them are true if you don't know what He is? Anyways you cant prove he doesn't exist.  I can't prove I love someone. Does that mean that love doesn't exist? Do you know how I act when I'm in love? People only think they know what love should be not how it is actually for me.  I was just telling you the difference.
Being Lutheran I can only believe what I am told be sources I feel are reliable, so I will stick with what they have told me.    If gay marriage is against nature, and that is why it should stay illegal, then isn't all monogamy against nature? It is in the best instruct of the species for the "best" to breed, and for the "worst" to have there line ended. If monogamy is gods plan, then why is it not practiced thru out the bible? Question:  What is the Church's position on polygamy?   Answer:  In 1998, President Gordon B. Hinckley made the following statement about the Church's position on plural marriage:  "This Church has nothing whatever to do with those practicing polygamy. They are not members of this Church. . . . If any of our members are found to be practicing plural marriage, they are excommunicated, the most serious penalty the Church can impose. Not only are those so involved in direct violation of the civil law, they are in violation of the law of this Church."  ...In 1890, President Wilford Woodruff received a revelation that the leaders of the Church should cease teaching the practice of plural marriage (Official Declaration 1).  http://www.mormon.org/question/faq/category/answer/0,9777,1601-1-114-3,00.html  This is from their official website.  Mongamy is common in nature so is polygamy. We as humans are above the naturalization theory. We include thought into our decisions. We're the least predictable species on earth. We incorporate different reason why we decide to have sex with people. Many times it happens without intent. Darwinism the "THEORY" is that the best suited will surviv and perpetruate the best genes. Not necessarily that the best seeking the best. Although the best would be the most appealing.   Monogamy is practiced throughout most of the Bible. There were times when there were so few righeous men and more righteous women that God instructed a few righteous prohets to raise a righteous generation.
 Mana'ia,  I've been following pretty closely, and I guess I must be really dense, because try as I might, I just can't get the logic or reasoning behind your "natural" arguement or the grounds on which you would deny same sex marriage. The best I can gather is you consider it deviant. Maybe you could dumb it down to the basics for me in a paragraph or two.   Thanks.  Waxy  I'm using what is natural as one of the reasons behind the policy of denying gay to be recognized.  In the US every law is based upon a policy the Us has. We pass laws for a purpose.
You mentioned earlier in the thread that sex should be for reproduction only. Please tell me if I misunderstood. If you believe this, do you believe childless heterosexual couples should not be allowed to marry? Disallowing sexual behaviour for anything other than reproduction is not an enforced requirement in marriage, as I believe Tastyfish mentioned. I didn't fix my typo. I meant to say I do not believe in sex for reproduction only.I meant to say I do not believe the law should be only sex for reproduction. I personally believe sex should only be in marriage but that is my personal religious belief.    Not necessarily. It shouldn't matter if it is behaviour or not, as we accept many behaviours, including many heterosexual behaviours. It shoudl matter if it is behavior. AS I've stated the law can only govern what?....behavior We do not accept all heterosexuyal behavior such as heterosexual rape, underage sex, and public lewdness.    An appeal to ignorance isn't proof. The problem occures when people say their ideology comes from a higher power they can't prove exists, and therefore their ideology is placed above debate.  I agree with that. The fact is that I don't do that. I use logic and facts to debate. I don't use religion to debate wiht people unless it's relevant.
 How can you possibly equate prostitution to gay marriage? And would society break down if some individuals are allowed to enter into a legally protecting penumbra institution we call marriage? Probably not.   You said who would it hurt? I'm asking you who would it hurt if there was prostituion? Just to help you think that there are injuries that are proximate to everyone.    If marriage is so sacred socially, then heterosexuals who get married should never divorce, and quickie marriages that celebrities have all of the time shouldn't be allowed (Not to mention things like Joe Millionaire and the Bachelorette). This shouldn't be a social issue because if it is, it's allowing the government to make individuals to adhere to a set of moral codes that only a select group believes.  The fact is that society ahs degraded amrriage by trivilializing it. We're advocating that it shoudl ahve never been so degraded and this is going toofar in degrading this institution.     The government should approach this as a legal matter, which it is, and allow the legally binding marriage of homosexuals which affords them the same benefits that every other couple who pays 80 bucks to a local courthouse can enjoy. If you have a problem with it socially, then you probably also have a problem with homosexuals in the first place, and thats a problem that you need to deal with on your own. Otherwise, keep your mouth shut and let the government dole out legal unions (or dare I say "marriages") to same sex couples and let that be the end of it. If the word marriage bothers you so much because of the religious background of the word, get over it. The word is a useful way to describe the legal binding of any two individuals who may have a different faith than the one where some claim the word's definition is derived from. Atheist couples get married in courthouses because "marriage" in the legal sense has no religious affiliation. So, this being a purely legal matter, there should be no question that any two people can enjoy this legal right.  WHy don't you get over it? Just like people hate it when minorites use the race card call everyone racist, I don't like being accuse everyone of being homophobic because they don't agree wiht homosexuals.  I don't like the KKK. Does that mean I have a phobia with white people?  There is no legal precedence for people obtaining a right that isn't contstituionally guaranteed. I won't debate this issue over again how this is equal right (becasue they already have it) and how if it is discrimination every law is discriminatory. Read my previous posts if you wnat to understand the argument.
 Sex is a pretty basic human need. I am sorry if I sound harsh but it seems when religion gets involved all logic gets tossed out the window. i agree sex is important. I never fixed my typo. I don't think it should only be doen for reproduction.  I don't agree about religion. Many of the best minds believe in God. Sometimes people can't articulate what they think but the reason they think that way is because of their faith. I believe in God. I'm also very logical.   For me this equl rights and discrimination thing is very illogical. REad my previous posts to understand.
 So what is the problem with allowing gays to have sex in marriage? Nothing if they were allowed to marry. If you haven't figured it out I'm opposed to all homosexual behavior. Even though I disagree does not make me a homophobic.   We don't accept all homosexual behaviour either, but we do accept many homosexual behaviours and many heterosexual behaviours. We have good reasons to not accept any rape, no underage sex, and no public lewdness.  We don't accept any homosexual behavior. It's just not criminally sanctionable. Also there are good reasons to not accept gay marraiges. The reasons depend on your morals. The reasons to not accept public lewdness, rape, underage sex is dependent on your morals as well.
It's a red herring. How is showing someone to cosndier their analysis a red herring? The question si asking the person to see how prostitution hurts society even if your husband isn't cheating.   How is merely allowing gay and lesbian people to marry degrading the institution? When an institution has to compromise then it loses its intergrity. Just ask john Kerry. Integrity is based upon the concept that it is correct and intergral and if it needs to cahnge suggest that it never had that integrity.
Surely divorce does far more to degrade marriage than allowing more people who love each other to get married You're talking as if Gays that marry will never divorce. If divorce is a problem allowingn gays to marraige will only add to the problem.   I do feel marriage is degraded by the frequent use of divorce.I do not think divorce is even a comparison to gay marraige.   Even though the institution is being compromised I don't believe it's any jsutification to continue to compromise it.
 So then, your argument rests on the fact that homosexuality is not "natural". Well that's an entirely new debate, but to the best of my knowledge, homosexuality is in fact a natural, genetic occurrence, and not a chosen preference. There is no evidence that is definitve to suggest that. There is only speculation. The fact that there are gays that have changed proves that it is behavior. There is as much evidence to suggest that homosexuality is genetic as there is that serial killing and pedophilia is genetic.  My argument does not rest on that it is natural. It relies on various arguments. It's only a policy consideration.    If it could be proven, and I'm not saying that I can, that homosexuality is as natural as any other genetic variation, would you then accept homosexual marriage? No, becasue then I'd ahve to accept every disorder that was genetic such as prostituion (nymphomania).    What is the purpose of a law banning homosexual marriage? Maintaining the integrity of marriage and not endorsing the behavior as acceptable.    This equal rights thing is also red herring IMHO. "Well, they're free to marry heterosexually if they want to, just like me. We have the same rights." WHAT? HOW?  The law is amde to apply to everyone equally. The law cannot be based upon desires. The law is objective. There is nothing to suggest that they are denied some right. TO be denied a right first there needs to exist that right and second someone else has to have it.    How childish, well if I can do it you can do it, but if I can't do it (or don't want to do it) then I'm not going to let you do.  That's exactly how our laws are and pne of the policy consdierations. Public lewdness, lawmakers didn't want to do it and did want anyone else to do it eihter. All laws are based upon that mentality.      What is the ultimate purpose of marriage? (Another potentially completely separate thread.) Is it strictly for reproduction? Is it for love? Is it for support? Is it for commitment? Is it only a bond in a religious sense? It exists for a variety of reasons. It exists to recognize a family unit and the legally obligating people to fufill their vow to their spouse and children. It exchange for their pledge the government protects that interest in the family.     If it contains even a component of any of the questions other than the first one, then how are their rights to marry the same as yours?  It doesn't allow for my desires to determine my rights.
Mana'ia, if homosexuality is genetic, you would not endorse their marriage? But that is still discrimination. Our Constitution prohibits discrimination against any race, color, creed, sex, etc. and if homosexuality is genetic (which I believe it is), then they are entitled to protection because it's not a choice of theirs to be that way, but their genes are against them. Homosexuality does not harm others; it is not a self destructive way of life. First off I guess if it were genetic it would change so many things. God might not oppose it and I would not feel so inclinde to fight against it. However iut is not genetic. There are gays that change and then there are heteros that are "recruited" by gays.  Homosexuality is self destructive according to some experts.
 Some paid extreme Christian activists who have claimed a temporary change in their behaviours. That is, before they are caught in a gay bar. Right-wing Christians are always trying to recruit others, that's nothing new. THere are homsexuals that try to recruit as well. Also there are gays that have changed and were not paid. These anti-gay sites you read have no basis. They are very hateful anit-exgay and anti- Christian sites. How can you consider these impartial?    And little to suggest being a right-wing Christian bigot is genetic.  So I'm a bigot now? Thanks for showing how people that disagree with you are Christian bigots. I'm not a bigot. Are you a bigot for opposing family values?     That says it all as to the fuzzy logic, and as to how vague your agruments happen to be. If we could call them "arguments". Mine are fuzzy logics? Jake c'mon now. All your arguments are based upon bias speculation. If it's fuzzy maybe you need to change your glasses prescription.    Homosexuality is not a disorder. Unless you are going to give me a vague overly broad definition of disorder now, that states it is anything that the statistical majority does not do. I showed yout that homosexuality is outside the norm therefore it's deviant. That is broad statement because it cover many disorders.    Prove that it's integrity will be compromised. THe fact that the institution will be changed (becaue it will no longer be the same heterosexual institution)proves that it's integrity will be compromised. Res ipsa loquitor Now prove tht it won't.    Not all heterosexual couples have children, and not all gay couples are childless.  Marriage is to protect family if they do ahve children. If they don't then theya re still a family.
 There isn't a general agreement that all forms of homosexual behaviour are not to be accepted. 52% of Americans think homosexuality is morally wrong, Gallup Poll says  http://www.illinoisleader.com/news/newsview.asp?c=6586  Most Americans believe that homosexuality is "against God's will" and that same-sex "marriage" will degrade the institution of marriage, according to a new Los Angeles Times poll.  http://www.bpnews.net/bpnews.asp?ID=18043  Fewer than a quarter (23%) think greater acceptance of gays would be good for the country, down from 29% in 2000.   http://www.people-press.org/reports/display.php3?PageID=764    Meaningless and vague to say it depends on your morals. Everything depends on your morals.  Exactly so then we can decide if something is morally acceptable in th eyes of the law.   Such as the fact that these things cause real harm, interfere with the freedom of others, and there is a general agreement that they are wrong. Not so with your homophobia, or with your we need to be against homosexuals when they act homosexually morality, if you prefer.  How does the effect of seeing homosexuals acting as married couples affect us anymore than public lewdness? The fact is that homosexuality can cause "real harm" just as public lewdness.  Oh thanks for calling me a homophobic because I disagree wiht homosexuality. Fine you're a racists becuase you disagree with my racial view. Yes my race (Tongan) does not endorse homosexuality. So you're a racist because you are against our racial opinion.
I fear we've overwhelmed mana'ia and have seen the last of him.  Waxy Sorry everybody I don't have time right now to reply ot all the posts. I do enjoy you're feed back. My brohter is getting married this week and ahving two receptions. I'll be busy for the next little while so I'll only answer some posts for a while until i get caught up.  Thanks for missing me Waxy! emoticon_xbye
But Homosexuality has been around in the Polynesian culture for a very long time and has been thought to be completly natural. Homosexuality was probably socially acceptable for most of Polynesia in precontact times... and only changed since today&#8217;s Christianised South Pacific.. That is not about it changing with the Christina times. Yes homosexuality has been around for as long as mankind. It however was not changed during Christianization of the island.  There are a lot of research done by reasearchers that are not Tongan and do not speak the language. They get their information from Tongans that do not speak English very well so it's based off of flawed translation and bias research. Tongans that have studied our history which is passed down to us, know that what has changed due to Christianity. Homosexuality was never accepted and still isn't by 99% of the population including gays.
 Homosexuality is a behaviour? Yep, lots of people choose to be "outcasts" in society and discriminated against by people like yourself. They do it for fun. THey do it becasue it's harder than forcing themselves to overcome a weakness. Serial killers, rapists, and pedophiles have the same problem. DO they choose to be that way?     People switch? That's religious propaganda. Furthermore, even if true, it proves nothing. Religious propaganda? Do you think anything religious has no credibility? People have changed. I know of two personally. They were even gay activists. There are tens of thousands of testimonials. Why don't you believe? Is it becasue you don't want to or becasue you get your information off of anti-exgay sites?     OK. So being unnatural is only part of your "policy consideration". What is the rest of your policy based on? Public interest. Social and economic considerations.     You think the reason prostitution exists is due to nymphomania? Are you serious? Wow. No I'm saying prostitutes can use the excuse that they are nymphomaniacs to "jusitfy" their behavior. I mean they didn't choose to be that way.     Please give me one concrete example of how homosexual marriage destroys the integrity of marriage, as defined by the state, and as it is implemented/used by the state. I don't care about the religious sacrament of marriage here, that's for each religion or figure out on its own. The fact that an institutions intergrity is based upon it's stability ( the fact it doesn't change standards). Compromising its standards degrades it's integrity.     What does marriage law have to do with objectivity? Isn't the the fact that marriage is currently defined as a man and woman a subjective definition? No. Subjectivity is it applies to people through blind eyes. The law is definite and objective. It is no respecter of person.    You have the right to marry who you choose to marry, homosexuals do not have that right. You just got lucky at birth and your right is recognized under current laws. yeah and that's the law. I was given the right by the law to marry a non-relative, adult single woman. I wasn't given a right to marry someone who I love. Heteros just happen to choose someone to marry that falls in that category based upon love.        B.S.  Don't tell me marriage is to create/protect families, if that were the case, marriages couldn't be undone by the stroke of a pen. That's a farce, and furthermore, it could just as easily be applied to any homosexual couple. Marriage is the considered the fundamental foundation upon which families are formed. Look it up in any family science text book.  The fact that some marriages fail does mean that the family cease to exist. Accepting gays would change the definition of families and what would constitute a marriage. Marriages do protect families. protection of families continue even through divorce. The protection is there becasue of the marraige and the family structure. We receive rights of family through biology and or marriage. These rights survive through almost anything. Also there are laws that pertain to marriage made to protect and promote the interest of children and spouses.  These laws are passed based upon the policy that families are an integral part of our society. We don't want to change the definition and the structure of society.     Let me narrow it down further. What is the purpose of marriage laws as defined by the state? Are they in place to protect religious sanctity and morality, or are they in place to define the legal union of two people for the purposes of asset sharing and tax structure?  The tax structure is in place becasue of marriage not the other way around. Marriage has existed before this country was formed. Marriages are in place because they are the foundation of our society, they build families. Families build communities and communities build societies.     Marriage is simply contract law in the eyes of the state, any moral or social issues are irrelevent. It's all about money. Apparently not that is why they have so many laws pertaining to the social and moral safety of the laws.     I always thought laws were based upon the desire to prevent actions that were harmful to individuals or society as a whole, not on what the lawmaker's likes and dislikes (prejudices) were. Keep thnking. Laws are made to promote and protect a public interest. We have laws that are made to effect all our social, physical, emotional, economical, and moral interests. Most laws do prevent harm because they look out for all our interests. lawmakers do have biases. That is why we celebrate Christmas and not Hannukah.    How are your rights affected, let alone impeded, by gay marriage? Not my rights but the institution of marraige would be affected and many other laws. I don't believe our desires or behavior should determine our rights.
I don't feel gay people deserve any special rights, just the same rights as everyone else. As for gay marriages, I'm against them.  Marriages were ,and are, meant to be between a man and woman. What do they need public recognition for in the first place?  They want special treatment is why.They want hiring quotas, housing preference, tax exemptions, and a piece of paper to wave at everone declaring their love for each other. I don't feel they need special rights.
 In what possible way can being attracted to someone that most others of your sex aren't ever be considered a weakenss? When I refer to weakness I'm referring to struggling with anything that would compromise what is acceptable or the norm.  Just as can being attracted to children or other things that most others of your sex aren't ever can be considered a weakness    When they are trying to use flawed science as an excuse to justify religious prejudice, then yes. Am I using flawed science? Do you think this is religous bias? I'm not religiously prejudice. There are many things that I don't agree wiht in the world. It does not mean I'm prejudice (if you're referring to discriminatory).    Personally, I do believe it is possible. I also see it as irrelivant. Just because some people who used to like something change their minds, how does this possibly justify banning it for the rest? That doesn't justify it.That isn't my argument about justifying it. It goes to the heart that it's behavior and change is possible.    How is it in the public intrest? Public interest is "health, safety, and moral welfare". Marriage is a public interest. So is the moral welfare.    Economic considerations? Such as what?  Economic considerations are economic impact a certain law will have. This really isn't an issue with gay marriages.
Guys, I think we are all beginning to loose the big picture here. OK so the homosexual issue is a problem, but I think the real menace is even more insidious.  Brittany Spears.  Personally I think listening to Brittany Spears should be made illegal. And I have very good and unrefutable reasons.  Firstly it degrades the music industry. The music industry is a fine, unblemished institution but Brittany Spears rejects all of it's values. It should not be allowed to preserve the integrity of our splendid industry.  Secondly it is not natural. I see no sign as to anything in nature that listens to Brittany Spears.  It is against God, after all Joshua 6:18 says "And ye, in any wise keep yourselves from the accursed thing, lest ye make yourselves accursed, when ye take of the accursed thing, and make the camp of Israel a curse, and trouble it". This is obviously a prophesy about Brittany Spears.  Please note I am not against the belief that Brittany Spears is good. We can't regulate belief now people, that would just be silly. But we can and must regulate behaviour.Therefore it should only be people who actively listen to her records who will be arrested.  These people choose to be Brittany Spears fans, it is not inherent. I personally know several people who used to like her, but have managed to repress this disgusting tendency and now lead normal lives. They have now fought the urge to put on 'Oops I did it again' down to only once a week or so, and have successfully ignored their terrible weakness.  There is also strong evidence from the respected, impartial and objective group 'The Campaign For the Death of Brittany Spears and Mutilation of Her Body' that liking Brittany Spears is actually a psychological disorder and all who are afflicted by this terrible problem should be immediately institutionalised. And some of them have even been to university, so no doubt they know what they are talking about.  I advocate the same rights for all. I am not allowed to listen to Brittany Spears, neither is a Brittany Spears fan. Same rights.  It is in the public interest. I have seen a poll that said 51% of people didn't like Brittany Spears too much. That means that practically everyone must want her outlawed. Good thinking phunting. I actually think Britney's music is whacked. The analogy is very different in many aspects.  First comparing behavior. Choice of music is different than choice to listen or not to listen to music. We are not saying who to listen to that is your choice. We are saying that it's either you listen to music and we will not infringe on the right to listen to music but we will stop you if you want the radio station to play all the music backwards as well. That the music can be forward but it need to be backwards because we find that much more appealing and we want everyone to have it on the radio as well because we want it.
 Unless we were to come to a conscensus on the "cause" of homosexuality, any further discussion on this is pointless.  I think equating homosexuals with serial killers, rapists, and pedophiles is disgusting, and shows your true feelings on the subject. If one was not at least a little bit homophobic, one wouldn't use this line or reasoning, they'd see it for what it was. Well then it's pointless unless you agree it's not genetic.  I never equated gays to serial killers or anything else. I was saying that when people have urges that aren't "acceptable" or in the norm that they should practice some self control that we expect people wiht other disorders to behave. Waht standard can we make that would make gays to not refrain from their urges but for every other disorder to refrain from theirs? THanks anyways for jumping on the homophobic bandwagon.    Interesting, you know two reformed homosexuals. You must have a significant amount of interaction with the gay community then, based on a purely statistical viewpoint, which given your beliefs, I find hard to believe. Either that, or you must be a very rare person.   I don't dismiss anything and everything "religious", however, anything with a religious source will obviously have a religious bias, just as any pro-gay website will. I base my belief on the fact I believe homosexuality is in fact a genetic condition, not a learned one. You can't undo your genes, but you can choose to live in denial. I have various relatives taht are gay. I also have one uncle and an girl I dated that are both ex-gays (although I still wished the girl would experiment wiht other women in front of me or at least include me in the action..just playing)  My sister and a few girls I dated are flight attendants. Most male flight attendants it seems are gay. So they have had various gay roommates. So I've gotten to know my share. We can kick it and they know I'm down wiht them DESPITE the fact that they are gay. They know how I feel and so do my relatives.   So any agnostic or atheist source doesn't have a bias? There is fact from non-religious sites that support that it is not genetic. THere is also nothing "DEFINITIVE" to suggest that it is genetic just mere hypothesies and speculation.     Public interest. Interesting. Care to expand?  Social considerations is somewhat valid. There will no doubt be some repercussions and a resulting adjustment of social attitudes. I fail to see how that's necessarily negative, or how any negative outweighs the potential positives, not only for the gay community, but for communities everywhere. I fail to see how two people forming a strong bond, legally recognized, and becoming active members of a community, is negative. A family does not have to have children to be a strong and positive influence on a community or society.  Economic considerations such as what, tax benefits? Tax cuts lead to a stronger economy right? Public interest is defined as the "safety, health, and moral welfare".  Public interest, social and economic considerations are what lawmakers consider when making laws. They pass laws that incorporate at least one of these considerations.  Families do not have to have children to be a family. I feel that a family is a result of a marriage or shared ancestry or descendants.    Have you ever, in your entire life, read, heard, or seen on TV a prostitute say they became a prostitute because they're a nymphomaniac? That's absurd. I'm having trouble reconciling that you actually believe that's the cause, or even A cause of prostitution. If so, it's an incredibly naieve belief. WAxy you're missing the point. I was focusing and ilustrating how people can use their disorders (such as homosexuality) to justify theri behavior. Sorry I'll be more specific.    Is it? Or is it also based on its ability to adapt and remain relevent? Is Harvard law school revered because its classes and curriculum are unchanged since it's founding, or is it revered because it takes that foundation and combines it with modern thought and relevence?  Was the government of the USA, or democracy in general, degraded by allowing minorities and women to vote, or has it become even more relevent and viable? Curriculum doesn't equal standards. Standards can remain high while curriculum changes.  It wasn't really a democracy when it depends on the will of the people and yet the will of the people was disenfranchised.    How does subjectivity equal blind eyes? I realize you're the lawyer, but I don't believe for a minute that the law, as it was conceived and written, was purely objective. I realize that's the ideal, and I'd like to think it's application is objective, but even then, I can't agree to consistent objective application. The law is written based upon the person and their intent. Marriage laws were not based upon feelings. They don't make people prove that they are in love. So there is no law that gives the right to marry based upon love. It merely gives the right based upon current marital status, blood relation, and age.     Does a family equal children? Can a family equal two people and their pets? How about two people, their pets, and all of their immediate and extended family? How does a couple being barren, or incapable of having children make them less of a family? Should heterosexuals incapable of reproduction be prohibited from marrying? Families don't have to have children. i defined it above. If a marriage happens it's a family (husband and wife). The minimum is shared genetic ancestry or descendants or marriage. Majority don't want to consider two husbands a family.    How does current marriage law protect families post divorce other than in monetary ways - ie division of property, child support, alimony, etc...   Visitation rights does come to mind, but that's a whole new thread.  Again, does a marriage have to equal children to be valid? I'm also very unclear on what laws you're referring to that "protect and promote the interest of children and spouses".  Correction - YOU don't want to change it. Current marriage laws give standing to anyone invovled or part of a marriage. Any person is allowed rights of children in hospitals if they were part of a marriage , even step children. Even after divorce they still can claim that privledge.  Correction - MOST people don't want to change it    Chicken and egg, circular logic.  Again, family = children? It's quite clear marriage was first. FAmilies don't have to have children.    So their writing was subjectively based on the religion of those that wrote them? Interesting.  I posted this - "I always thought laws were based upon the desire to prevent actions that were harmful to individuals or society as a whole"  The above quote is your smart *** response. How is preventing harm to individuals/society different than promoting/protecting the public interest? If you gave me one or two concrete examples, not broad speculations, of how allowing gay marriage would be harmful to society, I'd be forced to consider the ban as being reasonable. I pointed out biases. Do republicans and democrats have biases? Do they pass laws based upon those biases? It would change the definition of a family. It also would degrade the institution by lessing the standard to be a part of it.    It doesn't directly affect you or your rights, you just stated that, but your belief that it might have a negative affect on the "institution of marriage" is sufficient for you to deny someone else happiness and equality. IMHO, that's sad.  Then what do you believe should determine our rights?  I think it's just about time we put this one to bed. It's getting more and more circular and we aren't getting anywhere, not that I expected we would. Overall, your responses are becoming more and more vague and evasive, I ask you for concrete examples or definitions and you supply/rehash broad generalizations or speculation. Quite frankly, I'm finding this very frustrating, all I ask for is some straight answers. As a law student, I would assume you would be able to supply this to my rather pointed questions on the law. If we can't get into some details, and you aren't willing to put your personal beliefs on the table, then what's the point?  AGain they have equality. The happiness argument is so subjective. Imagine if we had to accommodate everyone's desires to make them happy. I'm based my argument on the public interest.  Why do you need my personl beliefs? How would that bolster my argument? I'll tell you anything you want.  I don't believe homosexuality is genetic. In fact I know it's not.  I believe that marriage is sacred and that people do revere it as it should be. Allowing gays into this institution would further reduce it's sacredness.  Anything else you want ask for it and I'll tell you. I just don't want to you my eprsonal beliefs as arguments. Logic is better.
The definition of eccentric is "kweer" hehe! Uh oh, they won't let me use the word, so I can't make my (harmless) joke. How is it people can use the N-word in the other string, but you can't use this word that is a perfectly good word if used properly?   You can't use that word? That is "kweer".
Then this is pointless. IMHO, a genetic component is undeniable. I guess it is. I think there may be for SOME a genetic component that makes them more susceptible to being gay. They still control their destiny.    The standard of one urges being harmful to others. Again, the correlation is disgusting IMHO. I call them as I see them. The standard of one urges being the determining factor of what they should or should not do is what is not right.   Sounds like George Costanza listing all his "black friends". How tolerant you are to be able to "kick it" with them DESPITE their homosexuality. emoticon_rolleyes I find it hard to believe that you could have this level of personal contact with people, and still not have any consideration for them, or their rights.Keep thinking. I associate with them and still don't agree with their lifestyle is not hard to believe. I ahve an uncle tha helped raise me and he is an alcoholic. I'm so against alcoholism because of his alcoholism. It keeps him from fulfilling his potential.  Anyways keep thinking though. I had all black roommates in college and I still don't like their "black" culture promotes promiscuity and vulgarity.    So then, IN THEORY, a married gay couple would constitute a family by your definition. Yeah if they were married. That's the whole reason we don't want them to marry because it would redefine a family and marraige.    I missed your point because you don't have one. Please do. Read it again. If people can use a disorder such as homosexuality to justify changing the laws then why can't prostitutes "claim" to have a disorder such as nymphomania to justify their behavior. I'm not saying that they do but they could "claim: they did and therefore a right to love their job.   So according to that line of reasoning, the defintion of marriage, ie the "curriculum", could change, but since the "students" are being held to the same standards, where's the degradation? I see none. The curriculum could change but the standard of the students to be high school graduates or in marriage case marry opposite gender would not change. The old stereo types of the man being greater than the woman has changed but the standard to enter hasn't.   Agreed, the state could care less about love as far as marriage is concerned.   Then why the man/woman designation?  It is because it is protecting a fundamental element of society, heterosexuality.  .  See above. By your definition, two husbands IS a family. No it isn't. Gay marriages are not legal yet. If or when they are then it will change the definition.    Help paying hospital bills? That's it? A standing I don't quite understand. No note help paying hospital bills but the ability to make decisions for others and visitation rights. Standing is giving right to act on one's behalf or give right of action.   I guess it depends which way the winds blowing on polling day. Maybe but I don't think so.   I don't think it's clear at all. Marriage is a social construct, it's not required for the conception/birth of children, and it's not required for the raising of children.Yeah but marriage was before this country existed or any society from europe.    That was my point mana'ia, all laws are subjectively based on the beliefs/biases of those that write them.  Oh sorry Waxy I didn' t understand your previous argument (below) was about.   I always thought laws were based upon the desire to prevent actions that were harmful to individuals or society as a whole, not on what the lawmaker's likes and dislikes (prejudices) were.        You don't "know" anything about genetic vs. environment, you have an opinion. No one "knows", and anyone that claims to loses credibility. Especially without walking a mile in those shoes.  IMHO, the public interest is served by allowing people the freedom to be happy, as long as that freedom does not come at the expense of harm to others.I do know because you can't change something genetic except through some physical action such as surgery or chemotherapy. If people change then it couldn't be genetic. I personally know of people that changed so I do know.     You have yet to give me any specific examples of this harm, despite my REPEATED requests for it. All I get from you is broad generalities. "Reduced sacredness", "degraded institution", "lessening standards" etc... are meaningless terms. Substantiate them. YOu listed my specific examples. YOu're saying those aren't good reason so give me other ones. Those are soem of the best reasons but not the only reasons. There is harm when the institution is injured. You say there general but the fact is that it's specific to the institution and I pointed it out how.   I'm asking for your personal beliefs because I'm trying to get some specifics out of you. It may or may not bolster your argument, but your personal beliefs are the basis that your logic is wrapped around.  My belief is homosexuality is behavior and should not be granted any special consideration. It is not equal to race, gender, physical ability, or religion.  Personally I think homosexuality is wrong in every way.
Yes Or No?  And Why?  Yes,  1) It's against Gods Law-an Abomination. 2) God loves the gay people but hates the Sin- there is help- I can get any gay person in contact with someone who used to be gay and has been set free and he will be willing to help, just let me know and i will get his websight to you and his phone number if you like.  3) Jesus loves you and you still have a chance to have questions answered that no one in the secular world can answer.
Jake I've been so busy that I ahven't ahd time to get back but I will. I just couldn't let this post go wihtout helping bring things to light about it's references.  What about the other laws of God? Here is an article which has been posted a lot on the internet...  Open Letter To 'Dr.' Laura Laura Schlessinger is a US radio personality who dispenses sex advice to people who call in to her radio show. Recently, she said that, as an observant Orthodox Jew, homosexuality is an abomination according to Leviticus 18:22 and cannot be condoned in any circumstance. The following is an open letter to 'Dr.' Laura penned by a US resident, which was posted on the Internet:  Dear Dr. Laura: Thank you for doing so much to educate people regarding God's Law. I have learned a great deal from your radio show, and I try to share that knowledge with as many people as I can. When someone tries to defend the homosexual lifestyle, for example, I simply remind them that Leviticus 18:22 clearly states it to be an abomination. End of debate.  I do need some advice from you, however, regarding some of the specific Bible laws and how to follow them.  a) When I burn a bull on the altar as a sacrifice, I know it creates a pleasing odor for the Lord (Lev. 1:9). The problem is my neighbors. They claim the odor is not pleasing to them. Should I smite them?  b) I would like to sell my daughter into slavery, as sanctioned in Exodus 21:7. In this day and age, what do you think would be a fair price for her? She's 18 and starting University. Will the slave buyer continue to pay for her education by law?  c) I know that I am allowed no contact with a woman while she is in her period of menstrual uncleanliness (Lev. 15:19-24). The problem is, how do I tell? I have tried asking, but most women take offense. I'm sure you have found a way to do this and can share it with me. d) Lev. 25:44 states that I may indeed possess slaves, both male and female, provided they are purchased from neighboring nations. A friend of mine claims that this applies to Mexicans, but not Canadians. Can you clarify? Why can't I own Canadians? e) I have a neighbor who insists on working on the Sabbath. Exodus 35:2 clearly states he should be put to death. Am I morally obligated to kill him myself, or should this be a neighborhood improvement project? f) A friend of mine feels that even though eating shellfish is an abomination (Lev. 11:10), it is a lesser abomination than homosexuality. I don't agree. Can you settle this? g) Lev. 21:20 states that I may not approach the altar of God if I have a defect in my sight. I have to admit that I wear reading glasses. Does my vision have to be 20/20, or is there some wiggle room here? Would contact lenses help? h) Most of my male friends get their hair trimmed, including the hair around their temples, even though this is expressly forbidden by Lev.19:27. How should they die? i) I know from Lev. 11:6-8 that touching the skin of a dead pig makes me unclean, but may I still play football if I wear hemp gloves? j) My uncle has a farm. He violates Lev. 19:19 by planting two different crops in the same field, as does his wife by wearing garments made of two different kinds of thread (cotton/polyester blend). He also tends to curse and blaspheme a lot. Is it really necessary that we go to all the trouble of getting the whole town together to stone them? (Lev.24:10-16) Couldn't we just burn them to death at a private family affair like we do with people who sleep with their in-laws? (Lev. 20:14) I know you have studied these things extensively, so I am confident you can help. Thank you again for reminding us that God's word is eternal and unchanging. Your devoted disciple and adoring fan, J. Kent Ashcroft (author of the original version)  There are so many contraditions in the Bible. Yet some people still call it the inerrant word of God. Be sure to scroll down to both question and answer charts. It's worth reading the whole article if you have time...  http://atheism.about.com/gi/dynamic/offsite.htm?site=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.infidels.org%2Flibrary%2Fmodern%2Ftheodore_drange%2Fbible.html   There are discrepancies in the bible due to translation errors. If there ahd existed a printing press in the beginning there wouldn't be those errors. Science has changed as well. How many times has science changed it's theories? Does that mean it's unreliable?  Also using Old testament is really weak. That was the law of moses. Here is what another prophet said of the law of moses.  MOS:13-29 And now I say unto you that it was expedient that there should be a law given to the children of Israel, yea, even a very strict law; for they were a stiffnecked people, quick to do iniquity, and slow to remember the Lord their God;  30 Therefore there was a law given them, yea, a law of performances and of ordinances, a law which they were to observe strictly from day to day, to keep them in remembrance of God and their duty towards him.  That was the purpose of the law. They had be under sch strict scrutiny all the time to avoid them falling into iniquity.      No thanks. There are other ways to meet dates. It's very easy for gays to meet dates that are not officially gay.  Yeah there you go. If they are exgays then they're hiding it. Then if they return to it then you go into see it doesn't work. If they remain striaight then it's they were never really gay. Talk about biases.  Just out of curiosity jake are you gay?
According to Jesus in the New Testament, here is hate and family values...  "If any man come to me, and hate not his father, and mother, and wife, and children, and brethren, and sisters, yea, and his own life also, he cannot be my disciple."  Luke 14:26 (KJV)   "For I am come to set a man at variance against his father, and the daughter against her mother, and the daughter in law against her mother in law."  Matthew 10:34  "And everyone that hath foresaken houses, brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundredfold, and shall inherit everlasting life."  Matt. 19:29  "And the brother shall deliver up the brother to death, and the father the child: and the children shall rise up against their parents, and cause them to be put to death."   Matthew 10:21  Jake good try at manipulating scriptures. Jesus is all about family values. The point of thsoe scriptures is that His gospel is above everything else. The only thing that comes before family is GOD. He loves families but won't let a family bring someone down. The US rescues kids from bad homes too because to be in an enviroment that is detrimental serves no one.
 Weak, weak, weak arguments, mana'ia. How can I be sure it is the inerrant word of God if there are so many contradictions, and which translation is the correct one, telling the real tales? Science doesn't claim to be inerrant, or unchanging, directly from a perfect higher power.  SOme that are too proud to admit that there are translation flaws of "man" not God exist. However we do not doubt God's will. The same manner that we received the original test is the way we can know the truth. Through prophets. It is thorugh prophets that we can know God's will. That is infallible. People use science all the time as the last word and we have seen how mnay times scientific discoveries are wrong are in accurate and need to be modified.     Right. Well, I was responding to someone who called homosexuality an abomination. Responding with ignorance doesn't help your cause.      No, it works if they only act out gay once a week, according to one of the ex-gay gurus in the Guardian article I posted a while back in this thread, lol. Jake you discrediting any ex-gay cahnge shows how bias you are. If you want people to respect your support then you need to respect others. I could esaily point out resports that refute your claims. I could jsut as easily say those studies don't mean anything and use sites that refute your claims. I use evidence both personal and non-personal evidence.     No proof anyone ever went from gay orientation to straight orientation. Yes there is! You jsut refuse to believe. I now of them personally plus they have coalition groups.    Yes.  That explains so much. Now I know why you think that way.
 I wasn't manipulating anything, I quoted the literal scriptures. NO you took the out of context and made assertions about their meanings that were manipulated.    Yes, and I pointed out exactly what kind of family values. no you asserted what kind of family values.    That's true of one of the verses I quoted:  "And everyone that hath foresaken houses, brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundredfold, and shall inherit everlasting life."  Matt. 19:29  One could be a dead beat dad who foresakes his wife and child, and claim one did it for Christ's sake, and be richly rewarded for doing so, and have everlasting life. Matt 19 26 But Jesus beheld them, and said unto them, With men this is impossible; but with God all things are possible.  27  Then answered Peter and said unto him, Behold, we have forsaken all, and followed thee; what shall we have therefore?  28 And Jesus said unto them, Verily I say unto you, That ye which have followed me, in the regeneration (resurrection) when the Son of man shall sit in the throne of his glory, ye also shall sit upon twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel.  29 And every one that hath forsaken houses, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundredfold, and shall inherit everlasting life.  30 But many that are first shall be last; and the last shall be first.  You see how you manipulated the scripture? The meaning was about what the disciples had forsaken and what disciples must be willing to forsake not what they WOULD forsake. That whatever tehy forsook including family it would be rewarded to them.   The verses don't say that...  "If any man come to me, and hate not his father, and mother, and wife, and children, and brethren, and sisters, yea, and his own life also, he cannot be my disciple."  Luke 14:26 (KJV)   Doesn't say hate your family compared to me, Jesus. It just states hate your family. Why should hate enter into it at all? Apparently I must hate my mother to be the disciple of Jesus.  "For I am come to set a man at variance against his father, and the daughter against her mother, and the daughter in law against her mother in law."  Matthew 10:34  That's why he is come. He hasn't come to make peace within families and to encourage togetherness of families.   Luke 14  Then said he unto him, A certain man made a great supper, and bade many:  17 And sent his servant at supper time to say to them that were bidden, Come; for all things are now ready.  18 And they all with one consent began to make aexcuse. The first said unto him, I have bought a piece of ground, and I must needs go and see it: I pray thee have me excused.  19 And another said, I have bought five yoke of oxen, and I go to prove them: I pray thee have me excused.  20 And another said, I have married a wife, and therefore I cannot come.  21 So that servant came, and shewed his lord these things. Then the master of the house being angry said to his servant, Go out quickly into the streets and lanes of the city, and bring in hither the poor, and the maimed, and the ahalt, and the blind.  22 And the servant said, Lord, it is done as thou hast commanded, and yet there is room.  23 And the alord said unto the servant, Go out into the highways and bhedges, and ccompel them to come in, that my house may be filled.  24 For I say unto you, That anone of those men which were bidden shall taste of my supper.  25  And there went great multitudes with him: and he turned, and said unto them,  26 If any man come to me, and ahate not his father, and mother, and wife, and children, and brethren, and sisters, byea, and his own clife also, he cannot be my ddisciple.  27 And whosoever doth not bear his across, and come after me, cannot be my bdisciple.  28 For which of you, intending to build a tower, sitteth not down first, and acounteth the bcost, whether he have sufficient to cfinish it?  29 Lest ahaply, after he hath laid the foundation, and is not able to finish it, all that behold it begin to mock him,  30 Saying, This man began to build, and was not able to finish.  This is where you're manipulating the context again. First off it meant as it was referring to in MAtt 1037. That if they will love their mother more than than Him then they would not be worthy of Him. He was referring the the above parable. That if you put anything before Him then you are not worthy of Him as the above peopel had done when invited to dinner.   Matt 10:37 He that aloveth father or mother more than me is not worthy of me: and he that cloveth son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me.  Matt 10  32 Whosoever therefore shall aconfess me before men, him will I confess also before my Father which is in heaven.  33 But whosoever shall adeny me before men, him will I also deny before my Father which is in heaven.  34 Think not that I am come to send apeace on earth: I came not to send peace, but a sword.  35 For I am come to set a man at variance against his father, and the daughter against her mother, and the daughter in law against her mother in law.  36 And a man's afoes shall be they of his own bhousehold.  37 He that aloveth father or mother bmore than me is not worthy of me: and he that cloveth son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me.  38 And he that taketh not his across, and followeth after me, is not bworthy of me.  39 aHe that findeth his life shall blose it: and he that closeth his dlife for my sake shall find it.  40  He that areceiveth you breceiveth me, and he that receiveth me receiveth him that sent me.   THis scripture is meant that His gospel will not be easy to live. That there would be problems even from within your family because of their belief in Him. The gospel does not allow for fence sitters. There will be a time when you need to decide between Him and His gospel.
 Homosexuality is not a weakness, not a problem. Much unlike it is with the homophobic religious right, who are too weak to think for themselves, and must claim God told them to be against gays. When I speak of wekness i'm referring to urges people struggle to control. Religious people are not weak minded as I have proven to you. We think for ourselves that is why we choose to follow Him. I do not need to claim God told me I can show through logic that gay marriage should not be legalized.     They do it for the money, not because they are nymphomaniacs. The argument is psrostitute can claim a behavior disorder to justify their behavior.     This is a circular argument that states marriage has always been heterosexual, end of debate. Also heterosexuals may not just marry for love, but also for lust or money. Family structures have already changed, to include a variety of family types.  Family structures have not changed. The family types you speak of have always existed they have just become more common.    Allowing two people of the same sex to marry, will change marriage, obviously. However, this does not mean it will have a negative effect. Same-sex couples will be supporting the marriage institution by entering into it, and it will be good for their own families. Depending on your stnadard of what is negaitve effect. By many standards it will have a negative effect on the institution.     This isn't a compelling argument to deny something to others, who have different desires or behaviour, than you happen to have.  No it isn't. Having different desires isn't a compelling argument for being granted new rights.
 How does homosexual marriage endanger public health? How is it detrimental to safety and moral welfare? There is no concrete evidence that this would happen. Yes there is by the fact that it's changing the definition of families. There is a public interst in preserving marriage.    Homosexuality is not a disorder! There are genetic components involved in making one homosexual. Your statement that "you know" that homosexuality is purely behavioral is completely unbased and as a result, meaningless.It is a disorder. There is no DEFINITVE evidence to show that is genetic. I know because somehting gentic is physical. Something physical can only be changed pysically and since there are people that have changed without surgery or chemicals shows that it is not genetic.    But how does it degrade it? And what's so bad about changing the definition of a family? What does it matter to you? I'm always hearing that marriage would "degrade the institution". HOW?!?!?!?!? That excuse is so tired and overused that I just want to go and hurl whenever I hear it. You jsut don't agree with that reasoning. Just because you dont' agree doesn't mean it isn't valid. yOu need to show how it's wrong not that you disagree.    How do you know that?  I've seen poeple change without physical treatment.
[QUOTE=JakeCJB]Destiny? How do gays control their destiny? Do you mean they should never act on their feelings, because you say so? Doesn't that put you in charge of their destiny, if they let you?     Not following you. Unless you meant to write "one's urges"? If so, all sex is based on urges. But that is not the only factor to determine if it is right. Waxy was arguing that harm is a big factor.  There are acceptable normal urges and there are bad urges are not acceptabel or beneficial. The desire to reproduce is genetic and normal. There are genetic components that cuase us to want sex. THere is nothing genetic that forces us to be gay.   If you want to use harm then define what is harm? Is prostituion hamrful? Is public nudity harmful? Is parking asking a religous question in an interview harmful if that information isn't used? Is running a red light harmful if ther are no other cars?    Being gay isn't an addiction like alcoholism. Like homosexuality certain factors lead people to be pre-disposed. It does not mean that they must continue down that path.    Well, one could claim that of any culture. Jake you came into the arguemnt late. Iw as speaking about how my exposure to gay lifestyle doesn't make me more acceptable of it. REaed above what we were talking about before responding.     If that's the whole reason, it's not a compelling reason. Accodring to you but to others it is.    You are using a vague, overly-broad definition of disorder I believe, to apply to anything the majority do not do. Buddhists atheists and vegetarians and Latter Day Saints, and political revolutionaries could fit into this definition, and yes so could prostitution.  Here this will help you understand disorder. disorder Function: noun 1 : lack of order <clothes in disorder< 2 : breach of the peace or public order <troubled times marked by social disorders< 3 : an abnormal physical or mental condition  : AILMENT <a nervous disorder<   physical or mental condition. Beliefs are not considered physical or mental condition. Beliefs are not a mental condition.   It would still protect heterosexuality if gays were allowed to marry. Jake again you're late. The comment was why should marriage be designated for men and women.    And--? Again you're late. It was refuitng why mar5riage was created when waxy asserted for tax reasons.     That's not empirical evidence. My anecdotal evidence tells me these people who claimed to change are closet cases. They don't tell you or anyone else about their same-sex activity. Even if you can change behaviour, that does not change orientation. It's just by sheer willpower in that case. There is empirical evidence but you dismiss it all. Also you're anecdotal evidence does not refute my anecdotal evidence either. How can determine if someone has hcanged their orientation? How do you determine one's orientation?    But how would the institution be injured by marriages for same-sex couples, is what a few people are trying to ask you? It would lower it's standards and redefine families.    It's equal consideration not special consideration. Religious practice could certainly be classified as behaviour.  How is it equal consideration when they have equality?    That assertion of your own personal prejudice is not an argument.  Again you're late. Waxy asaked me what my personal belief was and I gave it to him.
Mana'ia, have you ever thought about what it must be like to be a homosexual in today's society? All of the harmful stereotypes, the negativity exhibited by the religious right towards them, the trauma of coming out... Do you actually think that people CHOOSE to put themselves through that? The anguish that you are letting down your family, that you will always be known as 'different' and 'funny'... I cannot bring myself to believe that any sound person would put themselves through all of that. My gay friends who I know well have told me about all of their pain and confusion. If anything, that proved to me more than anything that homosexuality is not a choice. My best friend is a lesbian, and everday she'd ask me, "Why?" Her parents dislike her now because she decided to be gay. She has endured so much pain and trauma for something that she could not help. And what really gets my goat is the fact that people still make it their business to make these people's lives even harder, in that they seek to prevent them from marrying the people that they love, the people with whom they have found their acceptance. Ask yourself, Who am I to tell these people that they are not allowed to marry the person that they love? For what reasons am I preventing their being together? And what harm would it do to me/others if they do marry? I can sympathize with problems of gays. It would seem that it is genetic becasue they do not overcome their problems that they do not want. I'm not saying that they are equal but many others have problems overcoming like kelptomaniacs, pyromaniacs, pedohiles, and many others. The obvious difference is the harm factor. Poeple feel that there is a tangible harm so that is should be illegal. The fact is that everyone struggles with something that they need to overcome. Just becasue we struggle with it doesn't mean it's genetic. Even if it were genetic should we cater to it?
But in terms of legality and constitutionality, do you believe that they should still be prohibited?   Also, how can god hate? I thought he was true love. Scratch that-- I thought he was unknowable. Thanks  It should still be prohibited becasue it will open up the flood gates for other behavior.  Also true love does not mean love everything. God is knowable.
 Yup. That's why he ridiculed his own mother in public when he said, "Woman, what have I to do with thee?" John 2:4  John  1 AND the athird day there was a marriage in Cana of Galilee; and the mother of Jesus was there:  2 And both Jesus was called, and his disciples, to the marriage.  3 And when they wanted wine, the mother of Jesus saith unto him, They have no wine.  4 Jesus saith unto her, aWoman, what have I to do with thee? mine hour is not yet come.  5 His mother saith unto the servants, Whatsoever he saith unto you, do it.  6 And there were set there six waterpots of stone, after the manner of the apurifying of the Jews, containing two or three firkins apiece.  7 Jesus saith unto them, Fill the waterpots with water. And they filled them up to the brim.  8 And he saith unto them, Draw out now, and bear unto the governor of the feast. And they bare it.  9 When the ruler of the feast had tasted the water that was made wine, and knew not whence it was: (but the servants which drew the water knew;) the governor of the feast called the bridegroom,  The scripture again taken out of context. Mary came to Christ to ask about What should be done about the wine. Then Christ's response was "Jesus saith unto her, aWoman, what have I to do with thee?" which means Woman, what wilt thou have me to do for thee? that will I do; for mine hour is not yet come. This is better illustrated in the SPanish and German translations of the gospel according to John.     When asked about a suitable burial for a deceased relative, Jesus said, "Let the dead bury the dead!" Matthew 8:22   Matt 8 18  Now when Jesus saw great multitudes about him, he gave commandment to depart unto the other side.  19 And a certain scribe came, and said unto him, Master, I will afollow thee whithersoever thou goest.  20 And Jesus saith unto him, The foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests; but the Son of man hath not where to lay his head.  21 And another of his disciples said unto him, Lord, suffer me first to go and bury my father.  22 But Jesus said unto him, aFollow me; and let the dead bury their dead.  This is refernce to disciples committing to follow Him. He merely was stating that their first responsibility was to Him. That it was figurative to the dead bury the dead. Thanks for manipulating it though.
 It was written by humans. It was written by humans and inspiured by God.    So you may not know it through the Bible with all its "flaws of man", but through these "prophets", none of which we can talk to today. "Prophets" are not infallible. They can't prove this higher power exists, so they don't know anymore about it/him/her than I do. They cna prove He exists be3casue many are eyewitnesses. So they do know more than you becasue they have witnessed it.    This mythological storytelling hardly uses the same processes of science. Its fantastic claims require fantastic proof. There is historical proof as well as eyewitnesses.     I wasn't even doing that. You are when you're propelling inaccuracies.     I think we've gone through that already with yourself and others, on this and other threads. No proof that gay conversion therapy works in a broad, unbiased, generalizable sample. There is proof but none that you want to accept. Also if it works for anyone then it proves that people can change. It doesn't matter that it only works for small groups. Does AA not work because it only works for those with support systems?    There are also ex-ex gays. Yeah so what? There are also sites about how drug and alcoholism rehad doesn't work. The fact is that most poeple require an average of 3 times to finally control their behavior.    That's very sad.  How's that sad? I was merely stating on why you think the way you do. You know why I think the way I do.
 No, I don't see how I manipulated the scripture. You just repeated it what I quoted. You are trying to argue a difference between had and would and must be willing to? Yes, if they foresake their family, they will be richly rewarded and have everlasting life. Quite an incentive or carrot on a stick to do so, but they are not directly ordered to do so.  You manipulated by insinuating that it meant that He was against family values when all He was referring to is that God comes first.      The verse does not state it was referring to a different verse in a different book. You are making your own subjective judgments about context, which is not a literal interpretation. I could just as easily interpret hating your family, made it easier to foresake them and have everlasting life and rich rewards in another verse. You don't understand because you don't knwo the history or the context of the bible. The gospels were written to differnt audiences about the same events. Since the audiences had a difference of knowledge and perception they wrote it to cater to their audiences. Liek you wouldn't teach elementary, high school, and college about DNA the same. yOu'd have to cater to their needs. So when there is trouble understanding one then you can turn to another gospel for a different perspective about the same events.  Also in German and Spanish it is different than the KJV. The KJV is the english translation. That is how you manipulated it. I didn't actually expect you to know the bible in other languages but I'm pointing it out to you for reference sake.       And between him and your family. I have no interest in taking up a sword against my mother or father under any circumstance. Because my own family may have different beliefs, that does not make them my foes. If you hate your family, you don't love them more than Jesus anyway.  It's figurative. He doesn't expect anyone to kill their family unless they had to defnd others or it was necessary for some unforseeable reason. That' is how youre manipulating scripture.
As does your recent posting of Bible scriptures. ;)   Waxy  obviously. Waxy I'm happy that people know where my perspective comes from and what I believe.
 Then don't use your religion in your arguments. This country is not supposed to endorse certain religions, and so whether Christians are weak or strong, it shouldn't matter. Christianity has no place in legal arguments. You're late. I didn't bring up religon in my argument. Jake did. So please don't specualte anything until you knwo what we're talking about. All laws are based upon morals. So it is based upon the morals of the country whcih happen to be predominantly Christian.     Actually, family structures have changed. Now there are kids who alternate between which parent they live with, which is not the same as if one parent was dead, and before the Church of England, 'Til death do you part' actually meant that they would be together until death. England was one of many countries. There is no new family structure that didn't exist before this country.    According to my standered of negative effect, there has to be someone who loses something they had before or gains some kind of disadvantage that they didn't have before, what is your definition of negative effect? My definition of negative effect is that the puposes for which something is created is hindered or compromises.  By changing standards there is a harm to it's integrity. Intregrity is compromised when it isn't stable. Soemthing that changes all teh time loses that integrity like John Kerry on his views. Things must remain consistent to be integral.     Actually it is. For example, I do not have any desire to be Christian, and lets say, hypothetically, that the majority of Americans had no desire to be Christian and believing in the Christian God was banned. It would be banned for me and for you. If I thought this was fair because of the fact that neither of us could do it, would you not think this was unfair because we have different desires?  This argument has a flaw. That when there is guaranteed religous freedomw then we dont' have equal rights. Everyone has equal rights in terms of believing. However behavior is regualted by the government. Therefore we can do anyting in the name of religion until it violates behavior that is acceptable by society.
 You do not know this, and I'm pretty sure it's not a choice. Even before I admitted to myself that I was gay I felt grossed out kissing boys, and would think up reasons not to kiss that one again. Even when drunk I would still not do anything with a guy, my reasons for getting out of kissing him or doing anything with him would simply get worse. I can imagine your pain. I'm sorry. I'm going to use this analogy only as a reference. I'm not insinuating that homosexuality is equivalent to anything only on the smae parallel.  You struggle with things like poeple struggle with other disorders. If you read baout pedophiles, voyeurits, sadist, masochists, and many other disorders they struggle to overcome their urges or desires as well. Tehy wnat to change but after a while they give in. Just because people struggle wiht soemthing doesn't mean that it is genetic.   I've seen people struggle and overcome it. I know you can too. It might be more than you think you can do but you can do it.     Harm is when something can cause physical or mental pain. There is no danger in homosexual intercourse that is not also a risk in heterosexual intercourse. So if someone doesn't see me looking into their window while their undressing then their is not harm? Or if i drug a person and have sex wiht them and they dont' knwo it then there is not harm? Or if sell pornography to minors that are already looking at porn and buying it form other vendors then there is no harm.    Prostitution is harmful if the prostitute does not get tested for STDs. Public nudity is only harmful if it is below fourty degrees outside. Parking asking a religious question is not harmful if the information isn't used. Running a red light without other cars is harmful only if there are pedestrians. So prostitution isn't harmful to the girls that are pimped by their boyfriends? it sin't harmful to the prostitutes that sleep with other husbands? public nudity isn't harmful to school girls when they're flashed by a big hairy fat guy? Asking a religious question isn't harmful if they don't use it but yet it casts a slight bias already upon the interview? Running a red light isn't harmful when no one else is around but you keep thinking that there isn't and one time you misjudge things.  There is harm and policy reasons in every law. They pass laws to protect and promote a public interest.      It is true that a homosexual can force themselves to stomache heterosexual activity, but why should they have to? What makes heterosexuality superior to homosexuality? Heterosexuality is natural and wihtint the norm and therefore everyone's "inalienable right".   [QUOTE=Nature's Cry]  True, but neither is homosexuality. It cannot be a physical or mental condition, because no one is harmed by it.[\quote] it is a mental condition. people are harmed by it because they are not functioning in the norm. They cannot reproduce naturally with the ones they are attracted to and don't function the way nature intended them to.     One's orientation is almost impossible to determine, due to the fact only the person who has the desire knows what desire they have. So then jake is wrong to say that ex-gays have reoreinted themselves when they say they have.    What standards? At least these people love each other, many heterosexual couples go into a marriage without love. Are you saying if gay marriages were permitted then there wouldn't be any lvoeless gay marriages?    How do they have equality? You can marry the one you love, and they can't.  I don't have that right to marry the one I love. If I was in love with my brother that was 15 and curently married, do I have the right to marry him? No  Most poeple happen to love the person that is eligible to be married to them.
 YOu haven't prooved either of these yet, why arn't religious people weak minded? What proof do they use to satisfy the logic that God must exist? What proof and logic have you shown to show why gay marriage should not be legalised. Absolutely none at all for any of it, you are just blindly doing as you are told and trying not to see the gaps in you argument and beliefs. I have proved that religous people are nto weak minded by my arguments. I have not used religion to bolster my arguments. Read all of my posts and they will show you my arguments. I am not doing what I am told I'm doing what I beleive is right. Tasty read my posts before you speak about what I have proven.      The argument is wrong (again...), prostitution is not having sex with lots of people (which is legal). How could nymphomania be used to justify making people to pay for it? How is this situation even remotely related?  Poeple are claiming that non-gays have the right to marry someone tehy love (which isn't true). I'm saying then others will claim that they have the right to work in the profession they love. That is how they are related.      If you are a homophobe and can't stand doing anything a gay can then yes, it will degrade the marriage for you if you relish in being able to do what they can't...otherwise in an actual physical way, nothing at all. You are trying to convince me that people will automatically think you are gay if married if gay marriage is allowed. Your standard of negative effect, define it and say how it would apply to your marriage if gay marriage was allowed. Or just define any standard of negative effect and how it would impact any marrigage what so ever. You can't can you? Blindly parroting again then... That's the best you can do is say calling me a homophobic? Wow. My definition of negative effect is that the puposes for which something is created is hindered or compromises. Marriage was created to promote and build families. By changing standards there is a harm to it's integrity. Intregrity is compromised when it isn't stable. Something that changes all the time loses that integrity like John Kerry on his views. Things must remain consistent to be integral. .    But if the desires are resonable and not going to harm people isn't that a compelling argument for granting new rights?  It isn't reasonable because it is a disorder and not promotive to the public interest. Also there is harm.
Why is homosexuality something we need to overcome? If something is a disorder and doesn't help to improve life then it should be overcome.   How will it open the flood gates? e It will force the government to be consistent with its ruling and making all behavior that falls into the category that homosexuality does (polygamy, voyeurism, sadist, prostitution, etc) receive recognition.
I don't understand why people have a problem with gay marriage. Most of the arguments that I have heard have come out of the bible. Well if the bible says that homosexuality is wrong shouldn't you tell that to these priests who molest the alterboys. but that's another discussion entirely. What is marriage really, isn't it just a celebration of the love that two people share? so can't two people of the same gender celebrate their love for each other. I say let them get married if they want to, hey it might lower the divorce rate in this country. Gladius you're late. Read previous posts that don't use scriptures.
 Homosexuality has been observed in nature. What's more the human hetero male is one of the few animals who is attracted to the female at all times, not just when she is fertile. Our sex is not just for reproduction. If a person has one or two children, that person has plenty of opportunities to have sex, not just one or two opportunities. There are also many different forms of sex for heteros which allow no possible opportunity for reproduction in their natural form. There are heterosexuals who never reproduce. Homosexuality in nature is also considered a disorder.  I don't know why you don't think about your assertions before you make them. In the animal kingdom animals do things more routinely and more consistently than humans. Just because they only mate during mating seasons and don't respond to females in certain situations doesn't mean that they are not attracted to them. There is only correllary(sp?) indications that they do not respond to women making them seem unattractive. Men and children don't always react to women that they are attracted to as well. Also women are fertile from as early as age 12 to as late as 45. The only time they are not fertile is when they are on their period and when they are menstrating.  Sex is natural between a male and female. Humans many times react less and less when stimuli is very monotonous. So that is why there is an urge to try different sexual stimulations.When women are sexuallly stimulated and men too there is better chances of mating.  When heterosexuals can't reproduce then they have some genetic problem. When they choose not to reproduce then they are jsut defying the nature of their genetics. It's still genetic and it will propel itself even "darwinsim" supports that.     The idea that heterosexuality is more "normal" or natural or genetic, meaning in itself and in any form it can take, meaning it is more "good" is really a leap of faith. I can't even understand how you can consider homosexuality as even clsoe to normal. There is nothing genetic to it and it wouldn't serve a purpsoe in nature excpet under darwinism to kill off the "weaker" offspring.    Also, not all animals reproduce. In kin selection, an animal will not reproduce. However, the animal will help its family and therefore its own shared genes by defending, hunting for food, and by reducing violent competition for females.  Almost all animals reproduce. Usually it doesn't reproduce in nature becasue it's considered an inferior specimen and it doesn't want to be promulgated.    Of course not, but it doesn't mean they should not "continue down that path."  Why?    Actually I was just rejecting those kinds of generalizations about cultures, including black culture. Well I thought you saying insinuating about gay lifestyle.      Beliefs are a mental condition. Not necessarily a diseased condition, nor is homosexuality a diseased condition.  Beliefs are not a condition.  Condition a : a state of being  b : social status : RANK c : a usually defective state of health <a serious heart condition< d : a state of physical fitness or readiness for use  <the car was in good condition< <exercising to get into condition< e plural : attendant circumstances  Since we control our beliefs then it can't be a state of being. We think a way but are not in that state.      Not in an unbiased sample that can be generalized to all gay and lesbian people, and which also has been published in a peer-reviewed scientific journal.  Did you ever think that because the psychiatric field politically motivated to condone homosexuality? They always refer to people that disagre with homosexuality as homophobic or bias. There is no support or extensive reasearch done that is sanctioned by their agenda.  Also don't you wonder if there is no way to change something that is chosen. Therapy can't change something that someone chooses not to do. Just as rehad only works if people are willing to make the sacrifices and effort to change.
Yes, well I've seen heterosexist right-wing Christians unnaturally obsessed with trying to recruit everyone to be just like them, struggle and overcome their disorder. It may be more than they think they can do, but they can do it. People with other disorders such as those obsessed with trying to recruit Jews and Hindus, or anyone who does not believe or live as they do, overcome their disorders too. So do many other people who also are not normal and have disorders that run the entire gamut. Trying to influence people to maintain or to accept vertain values is not considered a disorder by any means. I have not insulted gay groups or their beliefs just disagreed with them. If we are not allowed to try to influence others then there is no reawson to debate or even have free speech. There is a reason to communication. I don't feel insulted to have people challenge my beliefs. Do you?
 No proof it was inspired by "God". There are many prophecies in the scriptures that were fufilled that prove that it was inspired.      Who today are eyewitnesses? People in wards for the insane? There are prophets today that have not said they are eyewitnesses. Not all prophets claim to have seen God but all claim to be directed by Him.      What kind of historical proof are you referring to? Historical documentation of the existence of events and people.     I was responding to someone who said being gay was an abomination, so I quoted other old testament laws. If your information is irrelevant how does that refute his their claim?    It's not like alcohol or drug addiction. If it were, where are the follow-up studies?  Anyting can be an addiction. I'm not saying homosexuality is an addiction. It does follow any disorder. It takes time and continual and extensive treatment.     This is nonsense, because we are not talking about addictive and harmful behaviour when we talk about run of the mill homosexuality. Men and women are not an addictive substance. Do you feel that homosexuality itself is addicting? Perhaps those extremely religious paid ex-gay activists, who claimed some change in their gay behaviour, without a follow-up, merely became addicted to religious extremism. This led them to guilt and sexual hypocrisy and the desire to fund raise.  We are talking about behavior is considered outside the norm and detrimental. Of course not everyone considers it that way but the majority do.
 Fine, so what if the government said people are free to 'believe' in God, but any sign of them putting their belief into practice, such as going to church or even just praying in private was illegal? Would that be acceptable? After all it is just regulating behaviourA, not belief? That probably wouldn't be acceptable to most people but it would be legal and equal. They don't allow religious practices of polygamy, animal or human sacrifices, body mutilation, and many other religious practices.     Your comparisons are ludicrous. All of these situations involve non-consensual acts either through lack of knowledge or involvement of minors. You cannot compare that to consensual acts between adults.  So then we should allow prostitution, polygamy, human trafficking, drug trafficking, gambling, drug distribution, and all other consensual acts.
 Here's the thing - up until now, you've claimed that your beliefs were based on logic, turns out they were actually religiously based. Not much logic in the Bible. No religiously based. Religiously motivated.   I've never seen anyone object to gay marriage that was not doing so based on Christian religious dogma, that's why I was so intrigued by your stance. Turns out, you're just one like all the rest. Too bad. Well you shoudl take a lookat the middle east and other countries that actually have laws banning gays.   At least I won't waste any more time debating this with you, if there's one thing I've learned on these boards, it's that debating an issue that is founded in religious belief is the ultimate exercise in futility. Especially when the person claims to have a "superior" understanding of the Bible.  I never use the Bible when I debate this. And I do have a superior understanding if someone hasn't even read the books that they claim to udnerstand. Jake was jsut using sources off a website.
it seems to me that, regardless of your religious beliefs or feelings twords he subject, we cannot seek to limit the behaviours of human beings. We, as human animals, if presented with a wall, will seek to move over that wall, regardless of what is on the other side. now, while i myself do not advocate gay marrage, i do not believe that it is fundamentally wrong. so, as tword yes or no, i take a no postition, but only because of the consiquences. Laws can only regulate behavior. They cna't maek laws controlling anything else that is not within our control.
Remarkable that someone with such contempt for "white culture" can so thoroughly embrace "white religion".  I don't have contempt for the "white culture". I ahve contempt for when poepel think that "white culture" is "American culture" or when they think that their "white culture" is superior and should be pressed upon others.  Also Christianity is not "white religion". It began in the Israel as did Judaism and Islam. Now the fact that many are white in the Christian faith does not make it a "white religion".  Also if God is white, black, or brown, why would I care? Would one color make Him better for me or for anyone? Would a brown or black God be any better than a white one?
 Wow, how subjective is that? All laws are based on subjective reasons.    Right. It is not condsidered a disorder by all scientists. There is almost no consensus among any group of professionals. We look at the majority.   A lot of human non-response is due to social conditioning, as you know. There is no reason for an animal to not respond when it is sexually attracted. We don't know that. It is an assumption. It could be for many reasons such as the controlled conditions could make it feel pressured or uncomfortable. We don't know what they think or feel. Animals also have social behavior that is conditioned as well.    Yadda, yadda, yadda. It's true as much as you don't want to accept it.    What if a hetero couple only like "different" sexual stimulations? What if the hetero couple only did the wide diversity that couldn't lead to reproduction?  It would unusual and highly unlikely. Even men that use condoms still would rather not use a condom. They choose to to avoid consequences. The fact still remains the government should make laws recognizing that behavior.    So what? If something can appear to be genetic, or it is proven it has a gene for it, that does not make it good or bad in itself. If someone merely naturally reproduces as a heterosexual, does that mean they are capable of providing a good family environment which will help its offspring survive and thrive for example? So what if the heterosexuals are defying the nature of their genetics? You believe gay people are all really straight too, so those gay people are just defying their genetics like the heterosexuals who don't reproduce.  The argument of heterosexuals not necessarily being good parents is not an argument. Being gay doesn't make you a good parent either. However studeis show taht kids grow much more adjusted than those that grow up in gay households overall.  The government doesn't have to recognize couples behavior if they wnat to defy their urges heterosexual or not.    There is nothing genetic to being a Christian, and having a Christian wedding either. One possible theory is the kin selection theory I already outlined. At any rate, I don't think humans are always slaves to what is biological. All our behaviours as humans are so incredibly diverse. WE agree on something. Humans are not slaves to what is biological or not. So tehy are not slaves to their gay prediposition.  Humans are not genetically Christian. Religion is usually structured. People have biological need for structure.       No. Do some research on kin selection. I did.   Altruism can evolve, therefore, not because it increases the survival and reproduction of the individual who expresses the trait of altruism (since this individual has decreased reproduction) but because it is reproduced by kin of that individual who have, but do not express, the alleles for altruism. Like other traits, altruism will evolve if it is passed from generation to generation more than are alternative alleles for non-altruism. However, we can't describe how altruism will evolve based on the survival and reproduction of the individuals who express altruism, so our usual measure of relative fitness does NOT work to explain the evolution of altruism. Instead, we need to consider something called "inclusive fitness."   Inclusive fitness refers to the degree to which a trait is passed from generation to generation. The trait can be passed from generation to generation directly, by reproduction by individuals who express the trait, and also indirectly, when individuals who express the trait help (are altruistic toward) individuals who carry the alleles for the trait, and who reproduce more because they receive help from the altruistic individuals who express the trait. So both ways in which a trait like altruism can be passed on must be considered to evaluate its inclusive fitness.   http://www.utm.edu/~rirwin/391KinSel.htm  I don't see how this is relevant. It appears altuism promulgates itself through kin selection. The species continues promulgate itself.     You can put yourself into a state of being with your beliefs. One could say being gay is a belief one has that one should have sex with someone of the same sex.You're still making a jump that isn't supported. No one would ever accept that a person can congtrol their mental condition like they can change their thoughts. It is possible to cause a mental condition due to actions based upon your beliefs. That is not the case with religion in general.    As if the right-wing "ex-gay" organizations don't have an agenda. Many are affiliated with other political groups that work against equal rights for gays. My anectdotal evidence tells me that many are clearly religiously addicted. I'm talking to one such person online right now who wants to die because he can't be straight as he believes God commands. He believes he will go to hell, but his life is a hell anyway, pressured into a marriage where he feels nothing for his wife. However, he believes God is keeping him in his miserable situation. He has very low self-esteem. Notice that the ex-gay organizations are made up of people who say religion is extremely important to them. I don't see how this is relevant. If I believed the government did not care for me and then all of a sudden they helped me overcome a problem and then I became [politically active to help ohters in my situation. How would that make my experience less credible?  Do you ever think that people want to change becasue they are religious as a opposed to poeple who are not religious and complacent with their lifestyle choice?    I'm trying to get this person to see a therapist because of religious addiction before he risks killing himself. I honestly am not making this up.  Religious addiction? What is that? I'm gald you're helping the person.  I see so many people come from affluent backgrounds that are depressed when they don't succeed like other they admire. I also see others that don't care if they suceed like others because they feel that it is not meant for them. I'm really trying to help these affluent people not to be so hard on themselves becasue they are such good people and shouldn't have such high hopes for themselves.
And, btw, how does someone set a gay individual "free". Do they put the person in a cage and then unlock it? Or do they set their spirit "free" of whatever its being trapped by (stuffy nose maybe)? If you're trying to suggest that someone can be "taught" or programmed to stop being a homosexual, then I am sorry for you. Homosexuality isn't a behavioral disorder.  Gee I guess its the same kind of setting free that happens when a heterosexual tries and likes homosexuality or when a closeted homosexual comes out of the closet. emoticon_rolleyes Just because you don't believe in the value of reorientation therapy doesn't mean you know all concerning it. For instance, not all reorientation therapies involve religion as part of the theraputic process. Some are solely secular psychotherapuetic regimens.  Where is your proof that it isn't a "behavioral disorder". All of the studies trying to find genetic causes for homosexuality have come up empty or in some circumstances been found false and debunked. Most research points to enviromental factors and parental nurture as the foundations for how sexuality is formed so basically there is more "credible" evidence to show that it is a behavioral. There is even evidence to show that brains of homosexuals undergo a change much like those in pedophiles. So in a sense it could be likened to a disorder. Its the political correctness and pandering of the APA that keeps it from being classified as such. To say all this does not mean that I believe in creating "deprogramming shops" but I think we need to examine theraputic regimens more fully. Like it or not there are gays out in the world that are unconsolable with their sexuality. No matter how many times they have had their egos boosted by the gay community and such they may still feel depressed and sometimes suiicidal. Homosexuals have higher rates of depression/mental illness and suicide than heterosexuals and no matter the cause, you cannot just pin the blame on that on the anti-gay crowd possibly bringing them down. Homosexuals do suffer from coping problems within their community. Just a bit of triva. Dr. Spitzer was key in having Homosexuality removed from the APA's list of mental illnesses. Would you believe that he only did this out of sympathy to homosexuals. So even in the psychiatric community, the jury is not out on the causality of homosexuality.  Its funny how people in this world talk about equal rights. Then go along and when they hear about gay people they go well they shouldnt get married because its agianst religion or whatever.Now this doesnt count for everyone of course thats obvious. But ive seen that happen way more than once. Its even worse at school. People find out people are gay and they freak and treat the person with rudeness and as if they were an animal. If these people would just open thier eyes and see. We all have the same organs, we all have the skin etc etc. Yes i could understand if you disliked them because of thier personality but when you go and judge them and not speak to them or give them an attitude before you got to speak to them. It just shows your a "wimp" . People should have the right to do what they want and not have the goverment say no because of thier gender. I say no to banning gay marriage.   If that made no sense what so ever or have stated something incorrectly please correct me  This is the thing though. Kids see through all the bull. The saying "kids are cruel." is not true because kids just want to be cruel (although some do) its because kids don't use tactic or guile in debate. They come out and say exactly what they mean usually, the way they and often times others see it. I agree its not cool to be disliked, but this is the backlash of the world. You try to get people comfortable with things they don't like or feel are wrong and they resist.   To you maybe the morality of life that says homosexuality is wrong is trivial. Fine, but how about Murder, theft, adultry. Are you carefree now? Or only when the sexual behaviour of individuals is in question. Its those same morals that say to the common man: murder is wrong, theft is wrong, adultry is wrong that also come into play with concerns to homosexuality. That is why kids freak. There not stupid, their being told right from wrong in the old fashiioned sense most likely. What would be worse, to tell them right from wrong and omit parts out for sake of political correctness or allow them the full knowledge of what is acceptable and what is not? To ask a child to not tease is one thing, to force a child to accept values he is not comfortable with is another. Would you approve of a heterosexual aqaintance cheating on his mate or would you for sake of political correctness ingore it, chalk it up to "progressive" society? Does that mean that gays deserve to be teased? No, but it also means that people are realizing values are much more a part of them than popular thought dictates. Kids are more sophisticated now, most know the "birds and bees" before their parents can tell them. They know gay sex while human and quite possibly done for ages is not a "viable" method of reproduction, which what I think kids associate sex with more in their early understanding of it. I think the real issue is not "should gays be allowed to marry." I think the issue should be "should we redefine society based on homosexual behavior(s)" This is what they are essentially asking us to do. They'll deny it but change has ripple effects. Just look at Sweden, now that gays can marry there the divorce rates have skyrocketed amongst these gay couples. In Denmark heterosexual marriages are so far down, they're almost mythological. These societies have commitied to allowing gays to be seen as equals so its too late to reverse. Its already happening that way in some of the countries that have just started allowing gay marriage and It could happen this way here. So should we be accepting "behaviour" that some see as immoral, others see as harmful to society? Personally I say no.   Though I believe the religious moral arguements have merit and deserve to be a part of debate concerning this topic my views are not religion based. Persoanally I believe homosexual relationships to be biologically inferrior and unsound in relation to heterosexual ones. While nature may afford our bodies both hetero and homo sexual proclivities, it is only the heterosexual that continues survival of the species, I have yet to see a homosexual be born through homosexual means. Heterosexual sex in its purest mechanical form is also the most healthiest with male and female sexual organs obviously designed to accomodate each other with minimal or negligible physical damage during normal activity and normal health. Homosexuality while also seen in nature is abberant. Though animials of many species exhibit this it is not regarded as productive. Not only that but atempting to base human mores on animal ones is a bad idea. Animals regularly abandon or eat their offspring, which of course wouldn't rational behavior for humans, especially considering humans were gifted with higher reasoning skills and not just base instincts. Homosexual anal sex is almost always damaging physically to the individuals involved. Male sex organs coupled anally are not totally complementary with damage occuring at not only visible levels but more frequently at a cellular level. Male homosexuals have higher incidents of anal prolapse, tearing, rectal cancers, infections, fistulas, fissures, urethritis and other non-HIV/venereal infections than their heterosexual couterparts. Does this mean that I hate gays. No, homosexuals are people too, but I don't believe in promoting homosexual agendas,goals or behaviors any more than I would promote divorce, rape, incest or infideltiy. As such I also don't believe that desire not to promote those values is hatefull or bigoted, unlike the great outcries of "homophobe" we always hear when heteros don't agree or support homosexuals. I do believe the right to marriage as being between a unaltered man and woman. Same sex couples wanting to be married to me is a perversion of the institution, in looks as a petty attempt to damage the institution. The arguement that its unfair that gay couples don't get the same recognition as married couples, to me is ludicrous. Married couples have a higher chance of creating a family, of course the deserve governmental tax brakes. Homosexual couples while desiring to be "families" are not guaranteed this ability because it was not forseen long ago that they would be put in postions of creating families. If gays deserve special treatment then I think single people should be given special priveleges to, to encourage them to create families and so they won't feel left out. I think before any change is made to our way of life we should have a nice long study of same-sex marriage in European society before we just institute it here. That way we can see and perhaps guage the outcome, before it turns us into another Denmark or Sweden.  Weekly Standard article of gay marriage causing decline   National Review Kurtz rebuttal  http://www.marriagedebate.com/pdf/SSdivorcerisk.pdf
That was because they were trying to find a single gay gene, but it may not be just one gene, but a combination of many. Also, they have not found proof of handedness or many other characteristics that are generally accepted as genetic. Besides, they have found the gay gene in fruit flies, just not humans, but our genetic code is so much more complex that we don't have just one gene for all our sexual activity.  No they were trying to not just find a singel gene but overall genetic causality in general. That is why there were so many studies. They have failed to find conclusive proof that sexuality of either type is geneticly derived. This in light of other behaviors is irrelevant. Handedness can also be learned, there is no proof it is geneticly derived or that it isn't but just because it is accepted as genetic doesn't validate that assumption or assumptions for any other behaviors. The tendancy to be nervous or rape or commit other crimes may or may not be genetically related. So far they have no proof but would you say that a person genetically predisposed to anxiety is a positive benefit. The justification that something may be genetic makes it some how "acceptable" is invalid. It may alleviate the feelings that individuals have no responsiblity for control of certain behaviors but that doesn't automatically mean those behaviors is a good or desireable thing. Let me ask you this... If it were found out tomorrow that we isolated a cluster of genes that are responsible for homosexuality AND had the ability to remove said genes out of individuals, would you strive to ensure that homosexuality is genetically protected or would you support individuals re-engiineering their children to weed out such trait, which by wrote could render homosexuality extinct eventually? Big question but an important one, because this is where I think alot of people are kidding themselves in this whole "gene vs. enviroment" debate. Were moving toward an era where we will be able to alter our own bodies on a genetic level, if there is the slightest iota of genetic homosexuality do you really think it will last through the "splicer" years. Cmon, you know it wouldn't and then gays would be fighting for legislation to make it illegal to genetically elimiate homosexuality and then where will we be.   Einstein's brain had unusual structures in it, could he have had some kind of disorder as well? One that made him smarter than everyone else?  I dunno about that, but possibly. They do know that those afflicted with ADD have some unusual structures in their brains too. Last I heard they were investigating the causality of homosexuality with developmental deficencies in the brain. The jury is not out yet  It was the fact that there was such controversy surrounding it that it was looked into in the first place.  Yes it is true that homosexuality was controversial, however it was not the controversy that lead to the decision being made to remove it. It was the act of one doctor who was sympathetic to homosexuals. It was the choice of one individual, based on compassion, not factual data. Patently dangerous and wrong in my opinion.    "Japanese also have high suicide rates, does that mean being Japanese is a disorder? Plus, even though within the homosexual community, if a given homosexual is Christian, it is their own bible telling them they are doing something wrong. I don't think a little support from friends is going to make someone feel better if they think they are going to hell."  No being Japanese is not a disorder. What you are neglecting is causality of depression and suicide. That is why I mentioned that the high rates cannot possibly be attributed to just homosexuals that are ostracized by the religious or openly hostile anti-gay individuals. There must be associative behavior and cause within the community, within these homosexual relationships themselves. Is that caused by homosexual brains? Unsure. Is it the indivduals themselves and the assosiative issues within the homosexual relationship. Quite likely, but still causality is not 100% clear. I'm sure if you delved deeper into the causes of Japanese suicides you would find a myriad of reasons much like any colletive with high suicide rates. On the issue of homosexuality and the bible, that is indeed unfortunate. Does that mean the bible should change to be more amenable to those commiting what was deemed sinful by it long ago. I don't think so. Granted I am not basing my arguements against homosexuality on biblical or other religious text but I think to "change" religion to suit society is dangerous. Even if you don't believe in a particular religion I don't think its wise to alter its credo to conform to society any more than it would be correct to force a religion on an individual. You run the risk of invalidating the true message of the religion. Its kinda like the debate about censoring literature with curse words or racial epithets in them. Many may feel offended that Twain used the "N" word but to alter what is an important work of art and not just literature for sake of political correctness damages the social fabric of how society has evolved and changed through the generations. I cannot offer an easy method for Homosexual Christians to feel better about themselves, but the fact that the conflict exists means that a certain individual feels a loyalty to more than just his personal desires. That is a struggle they weigh individually. What is more important, their sexuality or being moral within the framework of Chrisitanity, or Judiaism, or Islam for that matter. Just because the Christians are more vocal doesn't mean they are the only ones that religiously object to homosexuality either, how about smacking up some of the other religions?  "That may be true, but it isn't harmful so I doubt it really should be on the list."  Well that may be your contention, but medically that is not necessarily true. Maybe being gay doesn't mean you are suicidal or depressed, but there is more of it going on in the gay life than in the hetero. That in itself is a wake up call. Depression and suicide are harmful, even if it doesn't touch you personally. If it were as simple as you say the APA wouldn't be re-evaluating "reorientation therapies" would they and with positive critiques too. You wouldn't have prominent gay activists like Camile Paglia deriding the gay community for being malcontent when those unhappy with being gay seek and desire the way to be hetero.   "A homosexual is no more likely to cheat on their mate than a hetersexual. I do not see why this ties into adultry. Murder and theft directly harm someone, so that is why it is immoral. Adultry spreads disease, so that is harmful too. Also, even though you may know marriage to be a thing between a man and a woman who get to share tax returns, once upon a time it was an emotional bond and well, one that stated that the two were truely in love and couldn't love anyone else or be broken apart by anything but death. Adultry means that for all that time, their marriage was not truely a marriage, or anything at all."  I didn't say that a homosexual was more likely to cheat than a heterosexual. What I alluded to was the fact that one indivdual was making a statement against moral values, when he neglects to recognize the root of said morals. The same values that say murder, adultry and theft are wrong are the same values that say homosexuality is wrong. Just because its between two individuals doesn't mean no one else can be affected. You brought up how adultry is bad becaue it spreads disease. Hello, take a look at how many men have given their women AIDS from being on the "DL" and having gay sex. Homosexuality is capable of spreading and creating disease just like heterosexual sex, the difference is most heterosexuals that have sex with only their partner and are "healthy" are not at risk for an infection or condition that could be harmful to them by having sex. You cannot necessarily say that with homosexuals engaging in anal sex. Talk to a doctor about how damaging anal sex is and the different problems associated with anal penetration if you think I am joking. You don't see many cases of prolapsed rectums, and increases in rectal cancer due to vaginal sex. THe causality of those reactions to anal sex (within the male homosexual community) has been shown. Political correctness keeps most doctors hush hush about it though. Oh and BTW I do believe marriage is not just between two people who want to consolidate their finances. If adultry means what you said, then how come a marriage is not diissolved officially until a judge declares divorce? What about if the couple reconciles the adultry incident and continues on with their marriage? I think the nuances of adultry are more complicated then your simplistic understanding.  But how is homosexuality wrong?  I'm not going to get into a religious debate, but I can appreciate someone taking a religious stance against it. Why do I think it is wrong? I think its wrong in the sense that it is treated as equal to heterosexualty. Its not, it cannot be, and that is no ones fault but natures. Nature doesn't allow homosexual sex to create life, to reproduce, and though humans use sex as entertainment, it obviously was meant for a greater purpose. Biology shows us we need both male and female to create life, that male and male doesn't create life, that indivdual gratification doesn't create life. If you want to attach relgious or philosophical significance to sex you may at this juncture. That is why I think it is wrong. Humanity wouldn't be around if homosexuality were the standard, homosexuals wouldn't exist without heterosexuals. You may be looking for a more fundamental "morality" to my basis. I choose to validate my beliefs on science and years of living proof of heterosexualitie's superiority, and when I mean hetero superiority I mean strict hetero adhearance, no socially unacceptable behavior being thrown in like "cheating" or "rape".   "No, but you can have a homosexual aquaintance as the only aquaintance, and thus it wouldn't be adultry. This would be more likely to happen if gay marriage was legal."  Ah but that is conjecture. At least in this country you cannot fully guage this becaue we have not had years of same sex marriage. Basically you are saying that homosexuals would be less likey to cheat on each other if same sex marriage were instituted. I'd like to see your supporting data on this. Take a look at some societies that have had same sex marriages for a while now and you might be surprised. In Sweden the rate of divorce amongst same sex couples surpasses heterosexual divorce. So sexual preference is no measure of security against adultry or cheating.   Yes, but that didn't happen in Demark.  No, in Denmark, the rates of cohabilitation and out of wedlock births went up and heterosexual marriage is declining because the population sees the same sex marriage as an excuese to live lifestyles where traditional family is outdated. This is also happening in Sweden and Norway. Basically heteros see the society as so open that there is no longer any need for traditional family, that cohabilitation and single parent homes are just as acceptable as traditional marriage. If these countries are good indicators like they seem to be then other nations will follow the same route. I don't think that would be a positive thing for the U.S. or any nation for that matter. Right now what is known as the Norweigian Cohabilitation Syndrome is got its claws into Britian, where more individuals are having children with partners and living with them instead of marrying them. This syndrome is having a slow creep into the U.S. as well. Though there is not guarantee same sex marriage will not hasten this and other deteriorating family values, the trend is looking pretty bleak and hastening not slowing family disolution.    Is that really such a bad thing? After all, we now have medical ways to reproduce without heterosexual sex. That would decrease the world's population, as not everyone would do that, as well as the number of accidental births. Parents and children would be closer, as the children would know that the parents wanted them, and there would be no hate crimes against gays. A decreased population would mean enough food in the whole world for everybody, as well as a decrease in war. It is much easier to keep the peace in a small group than a large one.  Hey if Denmark wants to limit their populations with these measures that is their business but where is the voice of those in Denmark that want better? Its been forced out by the homosexual agenda.This sounds Socio-fascist to me. Reproduction via artificial means is NEVER a first resort. It is a last resort for those that are having difficulty having children or unable to produce children through natural means. Its not a panacea and should never be treated as such. Ever read Brave New World? THe desire to curb accidental births is admirable but, who gets the responsibility. Some big brother government like in China where state sanctioned abortions is the way or do people get to have freewill over their reproductive rights. All you are suggesting is just another means of limiting choice in a world of shrinking choices. Its altruistic that you want everyone in the world to be fed but how about getting countries with crappy governments to take care of their populations first before you force other nations into a communist wealth sharing scheme. I'd love to see Castro stripped to the bone, if it meant the people of Cuba could live normal lives. Just throwing wealth at poverty is unwise, especially when the majority of these poor countries are run by "fat cat" potentates that rob their citizens of luxury and basic necessity. I also think your statement about children and parents is "polyanna" reasoning. There is no evidence to say that parents and children would somehow become closer through enforced or regulated reproduction. I'd like to see some data on that one. As for limiting hate crimes against gays, I would rather see hate crimes against gays be punished like any other "hate crime" and stop priveledging gays because someone commits an offense against them. An offense is an offense, sexuality may be the root cause but I don't think gays deserve a special preference over any other individual subjected to prejudical hate. All that does is send a message that one group of individuals deserves a special beneficance over another. And I would like to see corrolary data from you supporting your arguement that a smaller more controlled population would bring these issues under control. You may be right but I don't think your small collective would have much freewill in their society and I am definately no supporter of socialist societies.    People once thought of interracial marriages this way.  Ah but interracial marriages were only socially prejudiced. There was no real biological basis for the prejudice. We know that interracial diversity is biologically sound. Sometimes there are genetic or congenital anomollies that can be detrimental to the offspring of interracial couples, but these conditions do not preclude the validity of said relationships. You are trying to equate sexuality with racial diversity. This is a false equation, for one, we do know racial traits are inherited and that races can interracially reproduce. This trumps homosexuality's abilities two fold.   Yes, but now you can artificially inject semen without any sex at all. Also, with our overpopulation problem, heterosexuality could be the death of the species as well. There is only so much food and space in the world, and at this reproduction rate we are going to run out.  This is a poor arguement for eugenics, population control and support of gay marriage. You could also replace an entire countries clothing with uniforms, that way everyone will dress alike and thus the risk of some poor soul being teased for looking "different" will be diminished. Don't see alot of demand for that. The idea that technology is going to save us by keeping our population in check is Orwellian if not Huxleyian and totally abhorent to most. Maybe you would gladly give up your right to reproduce for sake of a that has for the past 100 years never reached fruition. I don't see many people supporting your cause if it means destroying individual freedoms for the sake of a "statist" ideal. All this is Malthusian socialism. We eliminated that idea once we reached the industrial revolution. If we are so great with technology to use it so drastically like you claim, why not attempt to colonize another planet within our system or build underwater colonies. At least you are broadening horizions for future growth and not rigidly and fascistly usurping the future.    Are you sure about that? Heterosexual sex goes as follows: The female's one millimeter hole gets a one inch hidious peg rammed into it, tearing the hole until it is big enough for the peg. Wow, how...not physical damaging. I think lesbian activities are a lot less harmful.  Well be cynical if you want, if someone in your family had done as you ascribed you wouldn't be here to be so glib. Nor would the human race or any other species where penile-vaginal sex takes place. I guess all those years of biological reproduction show it. You will also notice I didn't make it an absolute statement. I said "minimal or negligable physical damage".I understand that female biology undergoes truama too during sex, the fact is  the trauma of vaginal sex i.....1. more forgiving and 2. Obviously possible of greater/important final result. And um, like with lesbian activities, the size of the "peg" also matters so how do you know lesbian activities are a lot less harmful.  I'm sure ramming the peg in the vagina, which is smaller than the anus, is harmful as well.   Ahem, maybe you better talk to a doctor about the differences in sexual trauma between vaginal sex and anal sex. Its alot more than "ramming the peg in the vagina." as you so eloquently put it. In fact is not mainly an issue of penile force as much as it is the structures and purposes of say a vagina versus an anus.    Reproduction is a bad thing, why would it make the family superior? And how is what happened in Denmark a bad thing?  I didn't say reproduction was a bad thing. I think its a good thing and it does make the family superior and makes heterosexual behavior superior and right in my eyes. I think "reinventing" the family to support cohabilitaing adults and homosexuals wishing to adopt and raise children is a bad thing. I don't like divorce or out of wedlock parenting, I consider them bad for marriage as much as I consider gay marriage to be. The fact ot the matter is were discussing bans on gay marriage. Well, to be banned it would have to have been legal in the first place. Here in the states it never was so technically it cannot be banned yet. However I am not for legalizing gay marriage as I see it as an affront to heterosexual marriage and family and supporting ideals that to me are not productive to society. Nature may afford homosexual behavior, it is not that behavior that creates societey and life so therefore I don't recognize the claims of equality. Denmark serves as a great example becasue in their full acceptance of gay marriage they have sent a message that the traditional family is a negative thing, its passe and the incomplete family that so many were against for quite some time is now chique and acceptable. They tried to say in all the instances where gay marriage was accepted in society that heterosexual marriage was strengthed, but they failed seeing how low heterosexual marriage has fallen and the rate of single parent "families" and cohabilitations have risen along gay marriage. Maybe in Denmark the population will drop off in another decade or so, as less get married, maybe most will not have children. Then what of the future of Denmark? Maybe the government will get concerned and promote traditional marriage? Maybe they will abolsh gay marriage and things will repair themselves over time? Who knows, but its looking real bleak for Scandanavian states these days. Who knows how this will affect their cultural identity in the next generation.
I'm still cathcing up with all the posts. I'll respond to them sooner or later.  Its funny how people in this world talk about equal rights. Then go along and when they hear about gay people they go well they shouldnt get married because its agianst religion or whatever.Now this doesnt count for everyone of course thats obvious. But ive seen that happen way more than once. Its even worse at school. People find out people are gay and they freak and treat the person with rudeness and as if they were an animal. If these people would just open thier eyes and see. We all have the same organs, we all have the skin etc etc. Yes i could understand if you disliked them because of thier personality but when you go and judge them and not speak to them or give them an attitude before you got to speak to them. It just shows your a "wimp" . People should have the right to do what they want and not have the goverment say no because of thier gender. I say no to banning gay marriage.   If that made no sense what so ever or have stated something incorrectly please correct me  How do you say they don't have equal right when all have the smae rights. We all ahve the right to marry. The right to marry someone we love is not a right because I'm in love with Bill Gates, Oprah Winfrey, Larry Ellison, Sam Walton's family and all the billionaires. Just because you love someone doesn't give you a right to marry them.  Where do we draw the line wiht behavior?
 I have read your posts, all of them, at not one point have you proved anything like this, all you have done is spout doctrine of what you have been told to beleive by homophobes, even if you yourself do not hold the same gay hating views, you are still perpetuating them. Quote me an example of you 'proving' you relgious people arn't weak minded and I will apologise. First off I'm not a homophobic. Is everyone that disagrees wiht Judaism antisemtic? What is your definiton of homophobic? I do not spout doctrine. I share my views that I have logically proven. So if you condier it all doctrine and dismiss it all then of course it is not evident. I did the same to you there would be no debate because we'd jsut be dismissing each other's arguments.  The fact that I showed- Homosexuality is not genetic Gay marriages degrade the institution Homosexuality is a disorder  Recognizing disoprders such as homosexuality will lead to other disorders needing equality of recognition There is a public interest in not allowing gay marriage. They have equality because they have all rights afforded to anyone else. It isn't discrimination and if it is then the whole constitution is discriminatory. All laws are morally based and we as a society decide what is morally acceptable. Homosexuality is behavior and laws govern behavior not race, gender, abilities, etc.     There is quite a difference between being able to marry someone you love and enjoying a particular job, the nymphomania bit is still irrelevant as anyone could enjoy their job and there is massive negative effects with prostitution whcih their isn't for gay marriage.  The argument is that gays desires deserves recognition in marriage. Why can't nymphomaniacs claim their desires deserves recognition in profession? YOu can't discriminate gays at work? There are negaitve effects of homosexuality, probably more so than prostitution. Just as colon and Gastronal Intestine specialists.    Hardly the best, but best isn't really needed, however you are homophobic even if you don't like to call yourself it. So you beleive in changing nothing, well monarchy worked really well for a bit, as did tribal societies. Guess it would be really bad to change stuff like that otherwise government and leadership would lose all integrity (um..bad example really ;) ) same with medicines, far better to just pray to god for a cure rather than use drugs, at least the principle of healing people will still have integrity. Do you honestly beleive that more heterosexuals will get divorced if homosexual marriage is allowed, or people will stop caring for children? Monarchy and tribal governments were changed to democracy a proven instituion. monarchy and tribal government don't exist if they' been replaced.  So your analogy is flawed. You say keep the same instituion and change the standard. TAht is different than saying keep change the insitution for another institution.  Also your medical analogy is also not relevant. It's frustrating pointing it out. Changing methods and changing standards are nto the same. I''ll let you figure out how that isn't relevant.  SAy what you want. I'm not afraid of gays or have a bias agianst them. I simply disagree with their lifestyle and mentality. Using the term homophobic has been your best argument so far.     It is in the publics interest, gays are part of the public and pretty much half the population are in favour of it (the flip side to your 50 or so percent saying gay marriage is wrong), and the other half is giving the same reasons as you...'I don't like it'. Where is the harm other than people refusing to accpet them (you don't support it because it can cause emotional problems because you won't accept them, because of the harm their beliefs cause from the emotional harm caused by...). It is not a mental disorder, and only things that have a definite negative effect actaully need to be overcome, things that are neutral do not need to be.  Actually give some reasoning for your veiws rather than endless circular arguments- what negative effect will actually occur to people who don't participate in gay marriage, if gay marriage is official recognised?  More than 60% oppose gay marriage according to the latest polls. http://www.pollingreport.com/civil.htm  Also I gave you many arguments above and you simply dismiss them. So that's why their circular you haven't proven them not credible DEFINITVELY. I may not aas well but I proved there is a basis and it's debateable. Until it's proven definitvely then you can't say it's not relevant.
Up to a point. I was just saying certain people obsessed with making a mirror image of the behaviour of everyone else, when that behaviour does not affect those certain people, could actually get a life and have more time to focus on their very own families if they wanted to.  I think that is an overly broad statement. No man is an island. Behavior in society affect all society. People are concerned with their levels of decency. Poeple have values. If you look at the definition of values you'll see its the acceptable standard of proper behavior. People wiht values don't accpet things below their values because of the affect on society.  People feel that improving society does helpt their families. If they don't stand up for their values who will?
 It is not a disorder, because it does not harm. In order for something to be considered a disorder it must be abnormal, maladaptive, and unjustifiable. You may define homosexuality as abnormal, and due to the low population of homosexuals it is abnormal, however it is not maladaptive. It is not adaptive, unless you consider the advantages due to the lowering of the population, but I do not see how it is maladaptive. What harm can come from it? homosexuality is maladaptive, abnormal, and condiered unjustifiable. It's not a consensus but it fits that defintion. Ask any colon or general instestinal specialist. Ask some obgyn about homosexuality. Homosexuality in public is obscene as is voyerism in public. Also it's considered non-conducive to the public interest.   Also, those who seem to overcome it, whether they really do or not, are often more depressed afterwords. If anything, these people forcing themselves into a heterosexual relationship is a sign of disorder. To sleep with someone you are not attracted to is abnormal, and due to the depression it causes it is maladaptive. It is also unjustifiable to do this, as anyone would notice the inconsistancy of the bible if they believe it says that homosexuality is wrong. God is all loving, but then he damns gays to hell for all time, and they have no choice in the matter. How can someone not see that is unfair, and not very loving. Actually, my heterosexual friends would be more loving than him, as they are able to love homosexuals without even having the slightest desire to make them suffer because of it. First off you're making broad blacket statements. Just because some couldn't continue as heterosexuals doesn't mean everyone that has converted is experiencing all of those signs. Think of homosexuality in terms of any type of treatment. Some succeed and some don't. Those that succeed usually have some motivation such as families, religions, opportunities. Those that fail usually don't have much motivation.  God is all loving. A parent loves all their children but hates their behavior that is unacceptable. God loves everyone, even me.    How would this be consistant in its ruling? It would be ruling that any two consenting adults could marry. These behaviors do not fall under that same catagory, and if you think they are in anyway similar you are very wrong. The only similarity is that both are not considered sociably acceptable in this day in age, but many things we do today would once be considered unacceptable. When these things became acceptable, we did not suddenly say everything else, no matter how unrelated, should be considered okay in order to stay consistant, because it would be another issue entirely and consistancy would have nothing to do with it. Then polygamy is two consenting adults. One jsut happens to be married. Waht about relatives? Polygamy is considered more acceptable worldwide. Gay marriages are not considered acceptble in over 90% of the world population. Homosexuality is still considered not acceptable by the general population.
The thing is, you're not just talking about challenging someone's beliefs, you're talking about legislating who they can love- not based on abuse or harm, but on religious or personal beliefs. I did address the harm. Read above posts. I'm legislating whot they can love. We are legislating puclic interests and what we want to recognize by this government.
 Still, the definition of a family did change at one point. There is not proof of that. Only specualtions. If you believe in evolution thre is no prooof these family structures did not exist before humans.    So changing the standards on how cars were made so that they would be less likely to stall was a negative thing? It is true that if you change your ideas too often without explaination, you loose respect, but if you refuse too often you become like glass. The reason glass breaks so easily is because it doesn't bend, so if too much force is applied to it, it shatters. If someone refuses to change their views, even when reason tries to force them to, they can't handle it.  Not to mention the fact that the Christian Church has changed it views before, and it's still strong and respected. For example, did you know that the Christian Church once fought against interracial marriages? And that it used to be against women being seen as man's equal? If these views hadn't changed, the growing support of women's rights and interracial marriages would have smashed the church like a mirror. The car analogy is flawed because the standard is how it operates not what is done to meet those requirements.  First off there is no "Christian Church". There are many. Some did change their views and I beleive they did lose credibility. It was more men than the Church itself imposing these views. Also not all of the Churches were opposed to it. It was mostly here in the US and the south and midwest.   Yes, but change my example to something that is behavior, like watching Angel, and saying that the rights are the same for those who do and do not like the show, would that be fair to those who like the show? The people deem what is acceptable behavior. It favors the majority. Most of laws are made according to morals of the majority whcih happent to be Christian. It's not fair to the minority but it's the best we standard we can come up with. The laws can't violate the consittuion. So many things are subjective so the that is why we have checks and balances.
 According to the scriptures themselves?  No according to history and current events.     Anyone can claim that, including those who say homosexuality is cool according to their own higher power.  Yeah but they don't. TEHy also don't claim to be prophets.       Even if there is, it doesn't prove they are God or God inspired.  It's not proof it's jsut corrollary or the biggest statistical coincidence ever.      The person I was responding to I believe was referring to the Levitican laws which many believe state that homosexuality is an abomination. I pointed to the other drastic Levitican laws we don't observe.  There are n ew testment laws that prohibit homosexuality.     It isn't a disorder.  According to some.      There is no recognized treatment, because it is not a disorder.  There is recognized treatment just not recognized by the APA. It recognized by members of the APA.     It is unique and beautiful and wonderful, and not detrimental.  There is evidence that it is. Ask colon specialist about gays taht come into their offices.     Because of that one poll you posted a while ago that showed 52% think it's immoral?  It's gone up to over 60%. Worldwide it's about 90%
 I don't believe the majority use the term "disorder" when referring to homosexuality in nature. Since animal genetics and behavior is quite consitent when somehting deviates so far it's considered a disorder.    I didn't say it wasn't true that heterosexuality is natural. Homosexuality is natural too. If homosexuality went against the law of nature, humans would not be able to violate that law. Laws of nature are physical laws. Disorders occur and we learn to deal wiht them. It does mean enable them more.     Maybe you need to get out more. Does something being unusual make it good or bad? I'm referring to that it would be the exception not the norm.    There are many reasons why people use condoms. It avoids disease(natural) and pregnancy. It also reduces sensation slightly which can delay climax. This makes the sexual act more pleasurable, but doesn't help reproduction. It still is enabling reproductive desires. These desires are based upon genetic desires that are in many ways still in the public interest.    Even if the majority are not like that for perhaps all their lives? Even if it does not lead to reproduction? Yes becaue it is the basic element that encourages us to build families.    Children deserve to know that their relationships with both of their parents are stable and legally recognized. This applies to all children, whether their parents are of the same or opposite sex. The American Academy of Pediatrics recognizes that a considerable body of professional literature provides evidence that children with parents who are homosexual can have the same advantages and the same expectations for health, adjustment, and development as can children whose parents are heterosexual.1-9 When 2 adults participate in parenting a child, they and the child deserve the serenity that comes with legal recognition.  http://aappolicy.aappublications.org/cgi/content/full/pediatrics%3b109/2/339 You're going to live and die on what the board of the APA says, regardless if it sin't a general consensus. If they ever changed their position you'll have no legitimicay. Heterosexual parenting is the normative model upon which most comprehensive longitudinal research on childrearing has been based. Data on long-term outcomes for children placed in homosexual households are very limited and the available evidence reveals grave concerns. Those current studies that appear to indicate neutral to favorable results from homosexual parenting have critical flaws such as non-longitudinal design, inadequate sample size, biased sample selection, lack of proper controls, and failure to account for confounding variables.2,3,4 Childrearing studies have consistently indicated that children are more likely to thrive emotionally, mentally, and physically in a home with two heterosexual parents versus a home with a single parent. 5,6,7,8,9 Therefore, the burden is on the proponents of homosexual parenting to prove that moving further away from the heterosexual parenting model is appropriate and safe for children.  Risks of Homosexual Lifestyle to Children  Violence among homosexual partners is two to three times more common than among married heterosexual couples. 10,11,12,13,14 Homosexual partnerships are significantly more prone to dissolution than heterosexual marriages with the average homosexual relationship lasting only two to three years. 15,16,17 Homosexual men and women are reported to be inordinately promiscuous involving serial sex partners, even within what are loosely-termed "committed relationships." 18,19,20,21,22 Individuals who practice a homosexual lifestyle are more likely than heterosexuals to experience mental illness,23,24,25 substance abuse,26 suicidal tendencies,27,28 and shortened life spans.29 Although some would claim that these dysfunctions are a result of societal pressures in America, the same dysfunctions exist at inordinately high levels among homosexuals in cultures were the practice is more widely accepted.30 Children reared in homosexual households are more likely to experience sexual confusion, practice homosexual behavior, and engage in sexual experimentation. 31,32,33,34,35 Adolescents and young adults who adopt the homosexual lifestyle, like their adult counterparts, are at increased risk of mental health problems, including major depression, anxiety disorder, conduct disorder, substance dependence, and especially suicidal ideation and suicide attempts.36  Conclusion  The research literature on childrearing by homosexual parents is limited. The environment in which children are reared is absolutely critical to their development. Given the current body of research, the American College of Pediatricians believes it is inappropriate, potentially hazardous to children, and dangerously irresponsible to change the age-old prohibition on homosexual parenting, whether by adoption, foster care, or by reproductive manipulation. This position is rooted in the best available science.  http://www.acpeds.org/?CONTEXT=art&cat=22&art=50&BISKIT=2920801063     No, not slaves to anything. But this doesn't make something right or wrong, including with being gay.  AT least we agree desires doesn't dictate necessity or it's acceptance.     If that is true, it doesn't mean humans necessarily have a need for the particular structure of Christianity. No but it has been shown that prayer is beneficial.     But not necessarily through reproduction. How they've tied it into with Darwin's, is to say that those who engage in kin selection help others to reproduce by acting as helpers, without reproducing themselves. THey do help reproduce. Do gays do that? It's always in the best interest of the specie to help the group for the sacrifice of the few.    Your thoughts can create your mental condtion. Yeah they can lead to it. Still religion is not mental condition.    I'm glad most others today encourage people to accept themselves. How do you what they are? What if they're pedophiles?    Who is being complacent? Anyone that doesn't continue to improve.    He's obsessed with the idea he is going to hell, because of what he has been taught. Apparently God put him into this marriage of his where he doesn't care for his wife, but God isn't responsible for him being gay. I'll come back with a link for religious addiction. It concerns an obsession with rules, and not thinking for one's self, with being perfect. Everything is black and white, heaven or hell. I just basically advised him to get therapy for that, and other issues. Then he attacked me, and won't speak to me or anyone else who was trying to give him advice(Christians), because he can't handle criticism of anything that challenges his particular viewpoint. After all, it's God's plan for him that he should be miserable denying who he is. He even said dying may be the only cure for being gay. He's tried and tried not to be gay. I don't know how God would expect to be served if God puts the person in an inescpable situation where the person is so depressed that the person wants to die. I really did not try to push my lack of religion onto him. I told him he was just using his own religion in a destructive way, and the problem was not with religion itself.  That is not an example of religious addiction. That is an example of a religious man struggling with problems.   If you talk to him like those anti-religious gay sites write about God, I wouldn't talk to you either.  I have a hard time beleive it's exactly teh way you describe it. Do you mind If I contacted him?    I really don't think his problems are because he is not as successful as the heterosexual. He certainly has tried to "succeed" at being something he is not.  So if he fails then he wasn't meant to suceed?
 But they obviously wouldn't be equal, because a significant proportion of the population would be restricted from worshipping how they want in a for that hurts nobody. The poeple would be equal. The religions would not. Look at our country. Almost all Christian beleifs are legal and no other non-Christians Churches have almost all their legal beleifs.   These elements mostly have links to crime over and above the act itself, that justifies restrictions. Homosexuality doesn't.  That's it? Crime? That's it. The criminal link? So if they criminalized homosexuality then it would be okay to ban gay marriage. Homosexuality has links to crime too. Sodomy is a crime.  Define harm becaue homosexuality is harmful according to many.
You do have the right to marry someone you love if you are gay or lesbian in Massachusetts, as of today. Mana'ia, you have the right to marry all of those rich people if they consent. You have the right to marry rich people of the same sex, if you live in Massachusetts. You could even marry someone just because of love who is of the same sex there. WRong again. I can't marry relatives or currently married people or people from other states that won't live in Mass. I also can't marry everyone I love at the same time and I can't marry anyone under 18.
 AGAIN! INCREDIBLE!  Am I the only one that see's the hypocrisy here?  Waxy  P.S. Change Christian to Islamic and the shoe fits even better in the middle east.  Yes you are the only one to see the hypocrisy here.  There isn't a natural religion or culture. There is no right or wrong culture or religion. We consider them all equal here in America.  However behavior is not considered all equal. There is right and wrong behavior that regulates even culture and religion.
I would say Christianity as we know it is a product of Rome but that's neither here nor there. In my world Semitic people are "white" just like Polynesians since they aren't "oriental"(mongoloid) or black(negroid). Maybe the concept of only three races has fallen from favor but it works for me. Believe me I'm not white.  RAce is very ahrd to define. When did Italinas become Italians? When did polys become polys?   Also Catholicism is from Rome. Christianity is from Israel.
 OK, first off, as you said, you don't agree that a homosexual lifestyle is right and should be legislated against (or at least not protected to the same way as heterosexual ones are). You are Homophobic as far as anyone in the UK would say- you don't like gays, fear is misleading term and these 'phobias' are not really about that. If you thought that jewish weddings should not be legal and that common jewish practices should be thought of as bad then I would say you are anti-semetic.  No there are people in the Uk that agree with me. Also I neve said I didn't liek gays. I don't agree with their lifestyle but i'm not afraid of it. Thanks for assuming though. I do feel Jewish wedding should be legal. I do not agree wiht their doctrine though. Keep digging though for some basis to call me homomphobic and to make an accurate analogy.    Homosexuality being genetic is not certain, there isn't a gay gene in humans (though in other organsims) but there could be a gentic tendancy being the result of a combination of specific alleles across several genes. No proof of that. Also predispostion doesn't mean the tendency has to be accommodated. Also there is not gay gene in other species just simple organisms that aren't even close to comparable to humans.   Gay marriage degrades the institution- no proof so far at all. Even the stats from denmark posted by someone else can be interpreted in a very different way- gay marriage was legalised becasue the population had a less opinion on the importance of 'traditional marraiges', hence fewer getting married. The actual legalisation of gay marriage had nothing to do with it. It also has nothing to do with the religious aspect as this is mopt beog forced on anyone, all that is happening is that two people of the same sex who wish to live together will gain protection and benefits from the law for doing so. Actual 'marriage' has very little to do with it which is more a relgious term, it just happens to be the name given to the set of rules that govern behaviours of which traditional marriage comes under. There is proof of that. Civil unions in Vertmont are divorcing. Also it has helped to trivialize marriage by not lowering the standards.    Homosexuality is not a disorder, plain and simple. Show some proof that genuine psychologists actual beleive this, if it was a disorder then this wouldn't even be an issue. Gay marriage would never have come up. It is unsual, yes, but it is not a mental disorder. I do not have the space to go into a detailed analysis of the history leading up to the APA's decision.15 Nonetheless, it is a misconception to think that this came about only after dispassionate and scholarly discussion, and only after listening equally to all sides of the issue. Also, it is important to note that the APA's vote was anything but unanimous.   Dr. Robert Spitzer, professor of psychiatry at Columbia University in New York, contributed to the 1973 decision by the American Psychiatric Association (APA) to remove homosexuality from its list of mental disorders. However, after talking with ex-gays, he decided to do a study. He presented his paper May 9, 2001 at the annual meeting of APA in New Orleans. In summary, he writes: "The subjects' self-reports of change appear to be, by and large, valid, rather than gross exaggerations, brainwashing or wishful thinking. We therefore conclude that some individuals who participate in a sexual-reorientation therapy apparently make sustained changes in sexual orientation."  http://www.inoohr.org/apa.htm   See above.  Depends how you define descimination and the act itself, we have been over this and taken it apart. If everyone has to follow shintoism and christianty is banned then there is no discrimination? If blacks can not enter white shops and whites can not enter black shops is this not discrimination? Tasty why do you make analogies taht aren't well thought out and not well are not even similar to our situation?  The religon analogy is there is no individual discrimination only religious discrimination.  White man rights- white store  black man- black store  same? No  Straight man- marry woman  Gay man- marry woman   same? yes  Tasty please email me your analogies first so I can give you feedback before you psot them.   Last two points are irrelevant, can be argued either way. Should the majority always be able to impose on the minority, or should society step in to help those that are the minority? The majority should always ensure the minrotiy has equal rights. However the majority decides what is acceptable behavior.    No proofs, just opinons.  I noticed
 No it is not. Homosexuality is none of those things. According to what definition? Can you give me a definition that makes homosexuality not fall into those categories.    Ask these people about what? Are you talking to these people for some reason, and could you provide us with their phone numbers? I ahve family and freinds that work in those offices and they have millions of stories.    Have a phone number of an obgyn? Talked to one recently about homosexuality? What did he or she have to say about it, and how does it apply generally to all gay couples? OBGYN have tol of stories of some of the acts that are common among lesbians that are not healthy. These relationships lead to them.    Why is homosexuality in public obscene? What is the connection to voyerism? Just like nudity the public feels that homosexduality is not appropriate for the public domain.    Having people in loving stable relationships and stable families, same-sex, or not, is good for the public interest. Being a busybody who is concerned with what other consenting couples, same or different sex, may or may not be doing in bed, is not good for the public interest.  I disagree. We need tpo be vigilant. Mainting values and stadards in this society doesn't happen by itself.    People's families and religious backgrounds normally push them into those phoney-baloney programs. They're not phoney. You're recent post even stated so. It's just not very successful but there are successes.  People taht are supported and motivated as we have discussed countless times wuill of course enter these programs and vice versa.    I spoke to God, and she told me she doesn't like your homophobic behaviour. My parents always taught me not to behave with prejudice. How is She? Now your p[arents need to jsut teach you good judgment.    In patriarchal societies where both women and gay men don't have equality. When was the world population polled? Should other aspects of these societies be brought to the USA? We're not arguing for polygamous marriages, or weddings for relatives, or for other aspects of other societies. Same-sex marriage is already legal in the USA.  yes we should include some things such as family values (extended families) and community orientation. We can't discriminate. How can we allow one and not the others? What standard can we apply that will only accept gays?    You're basing that on poll numbers in the U.S. which change with the wind?   THe numbers are pretty consistent. The polling is flawed. THe numbers have remained steady.
 You haven't proven any affect, other than it would mean better treatment for gay people.  This is circular. i've pointed out how marriages based upon behavior will open the door to other behavior. All you od is dismiss it with out pointing out why that isn't an issue.   And some people are just bored and simple busybodies.  Good argument.   What current events?  All the wars and earthquakes  Abortions   All the unwed couples  Matt 24 6 And ye shall hear of awars and rumours of wars: see that ye be not btroubled: for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet.  7 For anation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be bfamines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places.  12 And because ainiquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax bcold.  13 But he that shall aendure unto the end, the same shall be saved.     So if they go by some other name, use some other form, they are wrong, and yours are right? NO they're not. I'm saying is I'm not vouching for those. I'm vouching for how the bible can be accurate.   What statistics do you mean?  The statistical probability that they could coincidentally predict all this.   We could have big arguments about that, and about other new testament laws that we do not use today. It's interesting that someone who was a while ago, telling me to not quote literally, but in context, when it came to passages some people don't like, would not use context and interpretation when it comes to passages that relate to homosexual activities.  I do use context. Here you go. Tell me how it's out of context?  Colossians Chapter 3 5 Mortify therefore your members which are upon the earth; fornication, uncleanness, inordinate affection, evil concupiscence, and covetousness, which is idolatry:  2 Timothy  1 THIS know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come.  2 For men shall be lovers of their own selves, acovetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, 3 Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good,      Well, straight people may come into the offices of various specialists about problems. That's their business. If a gay person or a straight person goes into see a colon specialist, for whatever reason, that's their business. Being gay, doesn't mean you will have to see a colon specialist. For what? Anal sexual activity? Not all gays do that, but have a wide variety of activities. Some heterosexuals do this. Not everyone who does that form of penetration will experience problems, just as with other forms of penetration. It depends on how one does it. And I restate, that it is only the business of those engaged in the activity.  Of course not every person engaged in homosexuality will have these problems. There is a high level of problems related to this type of behavior. This type of behvior leads to many problems. Anyways I made my point. There is harm. Taht is why you cna't donate blood as a homosexual male for five years.   Those polling numbers constantly change. Where in the world do we have a direct democracy, where rights are purely popularity contests?  What is democracy? Isn't it a popularity contest? Teh only thing that protects minorites from the majority is that it can't violate the constitution. Gay marriage is not a constitutional recognized right.
.... What is democracy? Isn't it a popularity contest? Teh only thing that protects minorites from the majority is that it can't violate the constitution. Gay marriage is not a constitutional recognized right.  Finally, something that we agree on. In a Democracy, the majority "wolves" can vote to eat the minority "sheep". In a Constitutionally-limited Republic, the sheep are armed. emoticon_xkill emoticon_xgood  The Constitution was purposefully written to guarantee INDIVIDUAL RIGHTS not group rights. Gays, as individuals, share the same rights as any other American. They have the right to enter into the union of marriage, just like everyone else, providing that they meet the conditions established for marriage, namely 1 male, 1 female, both above the age of concent and unencumbered with a previous marriage.
I thought this was where the problem started, that it wasn't a consitiutional thing, but a state thing and they defined marriage in different ways (not thinking gay marriage as being a possibility and having it just being the union of two adults or suchlike)  The problem started when an activist judge allowed illegal gay marriages to continue and didn't thow the presider in jail for violating the law.  As for the constitutional democracy, mroe like a group of wolves deciding what they want for dinner and the sheep having a peice of paper saying that they can't be eaten. If the wolves want to get rid of the paper it is perfectly in their power.  Hence the reason for the Second Amendment. It wasn't put into the Constitution to protect duck hunters as the Left would have you believe. emoticon_xkill
... Physical or psychological injury or damage. Homosexuality is therefore in no way harmful. And I have serous doubts about the 'many' who say it is.  The facts don't support the contention that homosexuality isn't harmful. The average life span for a gay man is considerably less than that of a heavy smoker even. A heavy smoker's life is shortened by 7.3 years on average. A gay or bisexual male's lifespan is shortened by 8 - 20 years! If for no other reason than an individual's health, homosexuality should be discouraged in the same way that smoking and drinking are discouraged nationally. The problem is that it's PC to be anti-smoking and not to be anti-homosexuality. http://www.afamichigan.org/articles/2001/healthrisks.htm http://www.narth.com/docs/whitehead.html
Again that depends on the actual reasons why they do, there is a lot of evidence like that that shows more crime is commited by blacks, and that high ice creams sales cause drowning. You need to look at what actually cuases the decreased lifespans, not just the data on its own.  I'm sure that you're bright enough to figure out the correlation on that one yourself......but, in case you're not, let me know. :)
Hey, what about the two room mates that decide to get married so that they get eachothers work benifits???
They haven't violated the law, it just wouldn't be officially recognised. Marrying two pets together isn't illegal, it just is worthless in the eyes of the law. Banning Gay mariage isn't the issue, that would have wierd repercussions elsewhere with free speech and suchlike, the issue is recognising it. Still pretty sure that the state defintions of marriage came up as well at somepoint, or at least that was one of the issues reported here.  They have violated California law. They have falsified marriage licenses, since only a man and woman can get a marriage license in Kalifornia.
That could just as easily happen between a man and a woman, so why should it be a consideration?  It's a consideration for many reasons. It's a tremendous NEW tax on businesses, the Social Security System and Healthcare systems because this would create a new "dependent class" that doesn't presently exist.  Make no mistake about it, Gay marriage IS about ECONOMICS. Any claims to the contrary are simply false. There are no scenarios in which gay partners can't enjoy the same treatment as a heterosexual couples.  For example, the claim that they aren't allowed in a hospital room with their partner, for example, is false. Anybody can get a "medical power of attorney" which grants them the same access as family members.
Are you saying that gay people who pay into the same systems, shouldn't also benefit? Speaking of dependency, imagine a scenario where a gay person is in a same-sex marriage, that is not legally recognized. This person is also dependent on the other spouse. The marriage breaks up. Now, the taxpayer must support the dependent partner, because the marriage was not legally recognized. If it were legal, the richer partner could have been made to support the poorer one, after divorce.  Same sex marriage marriage partners that aren't legally mrried are called ROOMMATES. Do we want to start giving benefits to all singles sharing apartments regardless of sexual bent?
That is a separate issue, and could also involve different sex people. We are not talking about singles, or roomates, when we talk of marriage. I don't see roomates sharing an apartment arguing for such a recognition or responsibility. As much as many trust and care for their roomates, it's not by that much.  No, we're not talking about marriage. We're talking about a relationship that some want us to all believe is a marriage. Well, if I want to marry my dog, can I? Of course I can't. It all goes back to the definition of marriage and Jack and Jack ain't it.
Here we go again. If these types of arguments are the best the right wing can come up with and just repeat and repeat ad nauseum, then good luck. I'm not a Right Winger. Right Wingers are way too far Left for me. I'm a Jeffersonian Liberal. I believe in the Constitution as written.  In Mass., in Ontario, in British Columbia, in Quebec, in Belgium and the Netherlands, Jack and Jack are it.  They're only allowed in Mass. because the "people's will" hasn't been heard yet. The majority of Americans are against same sex marriage, no matter how you try to spin it, so I'm guessing that the laws will be solidified so that any ambiguity is removed very soon. As for Canada and the Netherlands, I could care less. I don't live or pay a dime in taxes to support either.
That wasn't what I meant. Valthonis was suggesting that same sex marriage would mean that male room mates would register for marriage just for the benifits. I was saying that we run the risk of that with 'heterosexual' marriage at the moment. Yet I don't think sham marriages are a major problem as it is, so why should it become one with homosexual marriage?  Sham marriages may not be a big problem now, but they are a problem. Imagine for a minute that same-sex marriages are made legal. You can fake a marriage and your roomate gets medical benefits, you can fake a marriage and make a foreigner, with a green card only, a legal resident of the US. The potential for fraud is endless and there is NO benefit to society as a whole for doing so. Where's the WIIFM?
That's funny. You want to emulate Thomas Jefferson? Do you wish you were a slave-owner like him?  Sure. Are you volunteering your services? :p
But to even marry a foreigner, it is not so easy. I work with someone who is getting married in July to a English man, and they are really in love and its a legit marriage, but they had to hire a lawyer and there are all kinds of things involved, so I doubt that it would become a easy road for anyone. Do you really think that straight people are going to go through such a charade for some health benefits. Most straight guys I know would never want to play such a charade. Maybe you have a few cases of gay couples doing that for such benefits but don't you think that already exists now with straight couples. I wonder how many men are married and living as a heterosexual couple but in fact they are not. You are always going to have someone looking to scam for whatever reason, but I doubt that is reason enough to ban gay marriage.  I agree that it isn't enough of a reason by itself. The main reason is that it's just plain WRONG.
I haven't participated in this thread - it's just too far gone for me - but I have to agree with this, no matter what: The main reason is that it's just plain WRONG.  'Nuff said on my part.
I'm gonna have to go with the last two, it is just plain wrong.
Just to stir the pot a little.  We all have things that we feel are just plain "wrong". Federal funding of social programs, Islam, religion in general, eating meat, etc, etc...  We tolerate these things because they are beneficial to, or the free choice of some, while not coming at the expense of others (except maybe the social programs JP. :p ). I'm glad that you clarified that one Waxy. ;)  What makes gay marriage different that we would deny it?   I think that allowing gay marriages diminishes the sanctity of marriage. Remember, marriage, to many, is a sacrament first and foremost. It was only added to the secular world later on.
 Children increased chance of being homosexual, so what. If you don't see a problem with it this is not really a big issue. They might be more likely to experiment but are m,ore likely to be allowed to choose want they want in the end than the other way round in straight couples.  I have news for you, pal. The first homosexual teacher that attempts to engage one of my kids in a homosexual act will be taken out of the school in a bodybag and I'm not a homophobe OR violent person by nature. I am, however, a very protective father who will go from 0 - murder in a heartbeat if one of my family members is threatened. Does that clarify my feelings on the matter? emoticon_xkill
I was able to find what percent of male homosexuals attempt suicide at http://www.datalounge.com/datalounge/news/record.html?record=20117  It was 5.3 times higher than for hetero males, so assuming that this ratio would be the same for completed suicides, I multiplied the total single-year male suicide rate from the CDC by 5.3, then multiplied that by 75, approximating the number of ages that a male might kill himself. The result is that an estimated 6.9% of gay men commit suicide. If the average at age when the suicide was committed was 30, and we add this to the AIDS deaths, that gives a life expectancy of 67.9, or about 5 years less than heteros.   This is still not the 8-20 years lower life expectancy concluded in that apparently well done study, but it is at least getting in the neighborhood. Does anyone know of other causes of death that gay men may face at higher rates than others? Victims of homicide or heart attacks maybe?  http://www.managingdesire.org/gmhcstd.html http://www.liverfoundation.org/cgi-bin/dbs/articles.cgi?db=articles&uid=default&ID=1034&view_records=1 http://www.glma.org/news/releases/n02071710gaythings.html
Whew! I understand how you feel. If someone is threatening your brood, some primal instinct just comes out.  You know it. And if you think mine are strong, my wife is even more protective.
I don't understand how giving someone an apple makes an orange less valuable.  It DOESN'T affect the sanctity of the sacrament whatsoever. The church does not have to marry gay couples.   Like I said, call the gay marriage whatever you like, if it's the word "marriage" that's the stumbling block, then eliminate it. Leave it for the religious or the "Christian" only.  I'm in favour of equal rights for gays as it pertains to the state, not religion.  Waxy  I wouldn't have any problem with the term "civil union" if it meant that employers and the Social Security Agency didn't have to include them in their costs. If gay marriage is recognized then we have succeeded in creating yet another dependent class. What comes next, legalized human/animal marriages so that your pets can have medical benefits? No thanks.... emoticon_rolleyes
How can these count? These are a problem for everyone and are hardly what you consider purely gay problems, the fact that these are even included makes me dubious abut those sites why not add 'Tigers' to the list to try to push the numbers up?  Maybe if you read some of the sources, you'd see that STDs are more prevalent in the gay community than the straight world. IIRC, drug use was also higher.
I assume then that you would react the same way if any HETEROSEXUAL teacher attempted to engage one of your children in a HETEROSEXUAL act.  Otherwise, you ARE a violent homophobe.  The very fact that you would equate a homosexual advance with a threat to your children's well being pretty much makes the case, unless of course you view any sexual advance toward one of your children as a threat. (I'm basing this comment on the knowledge that your children are all young adults, and that sex is a part of their worlds. This of course would not be the case with young children/minors.)  Waxy  My comments were in response to the post below: "Title: DO HOMOSEXUALS TEACHERS POSE A RISK TO PUPILS? , By: Cameron, Paul, Cameron, Kirk, Journal of Psychology, 00223980, Nov96, Vol. 130, Issue 6  ABSTRACT. Questionnaires were completed by 5,182 adults derived from one-wave area cluster samples in 6 metropolitan areas: 56% of homosexuals and 18% of heterosexuals reported having had a homosexual teacher; 12% of the men and 4% of the women said that the teacher made sexual advances toward them. A fifth of those with a homosexual teacher said they were influenced to regard homosexuality as socially acceptable; 4% said that the teacher influenced them to try homosexuality. About 1% of the sample reported that, as pupils, they had sexual relations with at least one of their elementary or secondary teachers. Eight respondents reported their first sexual experience was with an elementary or secondary teacher and that one of these experiences was homosexual. Of 49 other reported sexual experiences with teachers, 12 were homosexual. The findings that homosexuals more frequently claimed to have had homosexual teachers and more frequently reported homosexual sex with teachers tend to fit the contagion model of homosexuality--that homosexuality is taught by or caught by sexual interaction with homosexual practitioners."  As for my reaction if one of my kids was sexually attacked, in general, the same applies. A bodybag for the perp. I wouldn't discriminate between hetero or homo; they'd be just as dead. emoticon_xkill
I agree with you for the most part.  It's very difficult, and I'd suggest somewhat naive, to attempt to legislate morality.  It's my belief, and this may be my romantic version of reality, that the function of law, especially in a free and democratic society, is not to impose morality, but to prevent/punish immorality. A minor distinction, but in my mind, a very important one.   In plain speaking, the gov't will not impose any kind of behavioural code upon you, you are free to do as you please, as long as it doesn't harm others or legitimately infringe on their rights.   But the US government legislates morality all of the time. No sex with minors; no underage drinking; no smoking under 18; no obscenities in public; no pornography....the list is endless.   On that basis, I don't see homosexual marriage as an issue that is legislatable? by the state.  The state has a vested interest in preserving marriage as an institution. That's why it grants special rights to married partners. Granting the same rights to gays does have a negative impact on society. It diminishes the institution of marriage. It creates more of a financial burden on companies that have to pay for the partner's health benefits. It puts more strain on the Social Security, Medicaid and Medicare systems. It creates a new class of "victims" for the courts to deal with in divorce proceedings, custody disputes, etc.,   Furthermore, I think every point you've made is actually BENEFICIAL to the state. If we can take an area of society that will always exist, and rather than marginalize it, recognize it for what it is and allow it to to become strong and self sufficient, IMHO, everyone wins. Drug abusers have always existed too. Should we also allow them to "become strong and self-sufficient"? How about prostitution? If you answer anything but "yes", then you are applying your logic selectively.   Is it better that the state is making critical care decisions? Or should your closest friend and life partner be making that decision? Do you want a nanny gov't, or would you rather people took care of themselves? I think that you know my answer to that question already, But, as long as we have a whole plethora of nanny programs, I'm against creating any new members.  Is it better for the state to ostracize these people and make them illegitmate in society, or would it be better to grant them an equal footing and let them contribute as recognized members of society? IMHO, granting them the "affirmation" of marriage will lead to increased stability and positive contribution on their part, again, everyone wins. I disagree for the reasons stated above.  Throughout all of these debates, I've yet to have anyone demonstrate any CONCRETE efffects that gay marriage will have on society. Instead, all I hear is broad generalities on how gay marriage will destroy the sanctity of marriage. Frankly, I just don't see it. I don't see how my life will be cheapened or my upcoming heterosexual marriage would be any less valid. I've listed several concrete examples above.  These threads seem to me to always come down to one thing, and it's not marriage/laws/rights, it's simply whether or not you accept/tolerate homosexuality, and whether or not you feel that homosexuals are deserving of equal value and status as heterosexuals and human beings. If people view homosexuals as being somehow less valuable or inferior to heteros, they tend to object to anything that may threaten their "superior" status. IMHO, it really is that simple, and if I may be so bold, I think a lot of people on both sides of the issue agree me, whether they realize it or not.  I could care less if someone is gay or not right up until they want to start taking money out of my pocket to put in their own. I hear gays saying all of the time that it isn't an economic issue. Fine. Deny them the ability to collect their partners SS, medical benefits, inheritance (without a will), etc., and see how they'd react to that proposal. I'll guarantee you that they'd respond in the negative. It IS about money; yours and mine.
I don't equate a sexual advance - a pick up line, come on, or even a touch, to an attack. You used the word advance, not attack, in your first post.   Thus my statements.  Waxy  Let me clarify it for you. Touch my kid inappropriately, you lose the use of the arm. Sexually abuse my kid and your useless arm won't matter any more. emoticon_xkill
Originally Posted by JPSartre12 I wouldn't have any problem with the term "civil union" if it meant that employers and the Social Security Agency didn't have to include them in their costs. If gay marriage is recognized then we have succeeded in creating yet another dependent class. What comes next, legalized human/animal marriages so that your pets can have medical benefits? No thanks....  Waxy replied: So your problem is now not moral, you just don't want to pay? It's all about the MONEY. Interesting.  You totally missed the point. I have ZERO problem with calling it a civil union. A civil union isn't marriage, IMO. Marriage is reserved for hetero couples. I can sign a civil contract to give anybody access to my property, but NOT others' property.  Waxy wrote: I don't get it. Do you object to health care, retirement plans, benefits etc for hetero couples? Are hetero couples a "dependent class"?  In some instances, yes. But society has decided that there's value in promoting hetero marriages, so special rights are given to married partners. Businesses have agreed with the public and support this initiative.  Waxy wrote: Who do you think picks up the tab for these expenses now? Hint, it's not them. Why not give them the ability to look after themselves like any hetero couple?  On one hand, you say that hetero couples aren't picking up the tab for their expenses and on the other hand you argue that gays should have the ability to look after themselves. Which is it? Your position is schizophrenic. Either you're arguing that gays should be just as dependent as heteros or that neither is dependent. You can't have it both ways. You can't argue in favor of gays getting the ability to look after themselves by arguing in favor of them becoming another member of a dependent class....at least NOT in the USA. Geez!  Waxy wrote: This type of response is baseless IMHO, it's pure and utter descrimination based on sex. No different that denying someone a right to marry because of skin color or creed.  No, it's basing a decision on long-standing definitions of what constitutes marriage. If gays don't like the definition, then change the laws through a Constitutional Amendment process. That's the legal way to change a law in this country, not with some fiat law imposed by a single unelected official.  Waxy wrote: As for the far fetched "extensions of logic" that are always thrown out, please, I think we all know how ridiculous they are.   Maybe marrying one's pet to get healthcare benefits for it is far-fetched, so how about polygamy? What would prevent me from having marriage declared as "the union between a man/woman and/or many men/women"? Wouldn't opening the definition of marriage up to include gays ALSO open it up to polygamy? If so, then what about father/daughter? mother/son? brother/sister? brother/brother? sister/sister? Once we redefine the union of marriage to NOT exclude everyone but hetero couples, we have to allow all permutations in order to maintain the "equal protection statute". Of course, all bets are off in Canada. :p
melsucceeds, Good post: meaningful, understandable, your opinion.  But, to address the problem is to look at it. Face it and comment on it. Since it is a man's right to marry another man, would it also be his right to marry a mule? I'm not trying to be funny - far from it - I am trying to understand the justification for using the sanctity of marriage as a device for equality.  This is the problem we're faced with. Not hatred, bigotry, or racism.
Some of you guys are just reaching. You really think so, sinjin? What about, let's say, thirty years from now, when you're old and gray with little sinjin's sitting on your lap. When it has gotten to the point that a person's rights are, by far, more important than right and wrong? When the hologram shows a human/mule union and a lot of braying and singing going on? Somehow, if the sick-minded have precedence, they will fight for that; demand it. Call it reaching if you want, but one step leads to another.
The fact is that many of you opposed see homosexuality as either a crime against nature or God or both, akin to beastialty or pedophilia or incest. It is none of those but your moral indignation has overwhelmed your ability to have compassion for two human beings in love who just want to be granted the same rights as any straight couple. I am through with this! Crooked or straight, that does it for me.
I wish to be clear here if you'll allow me since I fear I have upset someone who's thoughts I value.  I do not consider homosexuality to be "deviant" in any way.    I do.   IMO when someone easily equates homosexuality with beastiality, pedophilia and/or incest I am inclined to believe "deviant" is how they view it. How can anyone support the expanding rights of sexual "deviants" where there are clearly victims be they human or livestock or?   Homosexuality is a deviant behavior. We may chose to accept or tolerate that deviance, but it is deviance none-the-less. Homosexuals don't just practice anal sex, for instance. There is a whole wide world of deviant acts performed as "normal" homosexual acts.
Deviant is a very general term. We could call vegetarians deviant, and any minority group, deviant. I suppose it depends on the same-sex couple what they do and don't practice. Why do you seem so interested in the "wide world" of normal sex between partners of same sex? Are you gay yourself? Probably as wide a diversity of sexual activities could be done by partners of different sex.  Agreed, deviant is a very general term. In this specific instance, it accurate represents deviant sex. And not wanting to degrade this forum, I won't give any examples of extremely deviant acts that would gross most of us on this board out, but if you're realy curious, I'll send you a PM. :)  As for MY sexuality, while I don't think it's any of your business, suffice it to say that my wife and three kids have NO doubt that I'm a "normal" heterosexual.
It was not my intention to insult. Sorry if that is what I in fact did. It's this subject, sinjin.  It turns my stomach.  Despite all the hype, all the leniency, all understanding, it&#8217;s wrong, IMHO. Books have been written on how certain human actions should be treated and tolerated. This breaks all barriers twixt right and wrong to me. Some posters have declared how natural this concept is, how righteous. I have never seen anything in nature so disgusting.  You have your opinion and I respect that, so you, yourself, have not offended me; it&#8217;s the trend of human behavior in this case that&#8217;s offensive to me.
IT's the same principles as a heterosexual couple.  Your opinion.  Try to convince me that the world is flat, or the moon is made of cheese, but please don&#8217;t try to convince me that homosexual behavior follows the same principles as heterosexual. It&#8217;s a guaranteed waste of time for us both.
I do not consider homosexuality to be "deviant" in any way.   IMO when someone easily equates homosexuality with beastiality, pedophilia and/or incest I am inclined to believe "deviant" is how they view it. How can anyone support the expanding rights of sexual "deviants" where there are clearly victims be they human or livestock or? Honestly? How long will it be until it's okay to proclaim love for your pet, so much so, that you want to marry it? Again, one step leads to another, and another. Would you consider bestiality deviant behavior? Where is the victim in "gay marriage"?  Humanity. For those of you dead set against "gay marriage" I'd ask are you presently comfortable with:  gay teachers gay camp counselors gay adoptive parents gay day-care providers What has this got to do with marriage? I can't control who those people are, just like I can't control the weather. As a matter of fact I can't tell you with certainty that a co-worker is not gay, or my boss, or doctor. My wife's cousin just died due to complications of HIV. I will spare the details, but it was because of the sexual processes. Is the word &#8220;marriage&#8221; going to change that? Is anything going to change that? Will pacification, tolerance, or acceptance? Where will we draw the line&#8230;if we decide to do so?
It's this subject, sinjin.  It turns my stomach.  Despite all the hype, all the leniency, all understanding, it's wrong, IMHO. Books have been written on how certain human actions should be treated and tolerated. This breaks all barriers twixt right and wrong to me. Some posters have declared how natural this concept is, how righteous. I have never seen anything in nature so disgusting.  You have your opinion and I respect that, so you, yourself, have not offended me; it's the trend of human behavior in this case that's offensive to me.  emoticon_xagree emoticon_xagree emoticon_xagree emoticon_xagree emoticon_xagree emoticon_xagree emoticon_xagree
It's just the most disgusting thing you've ever seen, Big Orn? It turns your stomach, you also say? Do you also find it icky and gross too? Are you trying to be funny?  Where are you headed with this?
No one is forcing you to have gay sex though, I said before, I find cheese physically repellant. The smell of melted cheese makes me physically sick but while I may ask people not to eat it around me or leave when they do I am not lobbying for its banning, I recognise that it is just a personal opinion of mine. I realize that it is too early in the game to point out the negative effects of gay &#8220;marriage&#8221;, but we utilized asbestos and lead for a many years before we realized it was dangerous. Sometimes it&#8217;s a matter of looking more closely at an issue to determine its worth. Because you find it icky is no reason to get rid of it, otherwise we would be wiping out spiders, destroying swamps and banning execretion. Again, I am banging my head against the wall with this &#8220;natural&#8221; thing, aren&#8217;t I? Citing 'humanity' as a victim of same sex marriage just shows your homophobia and inability to think from any other point of view but your own, which kind of nessary for a debate forum. Echoing my belief&#8230;that I should not be in this discussion&#8230;since what I have to say is unnecessary.  The law must be devoid of passion and opinion as much as it can. Then let the law give this type of thing a new name, a new classification. Leave marriage out of it. &#8230;(gay marriage is mainly about traditional values and peoples opinions on normalcy rather than the other issues of consent and harm to children) Do you mean that the only thing sprouting from this issue are opinions? Does &#8220;right-n-wrong&#8221; play a part in this anywhere?  Maybe my &#8220;homophobia&#8221; coupled with my &#8220;inability to think&#8221; has clouded my &#8220;point of view&#8221;?
Yes, well I've seen heterosexist right-wing Christians unnaturally obsessed with trying to recruit everyone to be just like them, struggle and overcome their disorder. It may be more than they think they can do, but they can do it. People with other disorders such as those obsessed with trying to recruit Jews and Hindus, or anyone who does not believe or live as they do, overcome their disorders too. So do many other people who also are not normal and have disorders that run the entire gamut. Good argument Jake. Way to just show how bias you are against Christians. Religion isn't a disorder becasue people are taught relgion not disorders. Also people can change relgions and have much more control over their religions.
 Fine, so what if the government said people are free to 'believe' in God, but any sign of them putting their belief into practice, such as going to church or even just praying in private was illegal? Would that be acceptable? After all it is just regulating behaviourA, not belief? That would be equal treatment but it would violate freedom of religion as defined in teh constitution.    Your comparisons are ludicrous. All of these situations involve non-consensual acts either through lack of knowledge or involvement of minors. You cannot compare that to consensual acts between adults.  HOw about prostitution, drug use, drug trafficking, polygamy, adultery, consensual incest, stock manilupation, etc
Here's the thing - up until now, you've claimed that your beliefs were based on logic, turns out they were actually religiously based. Not much logic in the Bible.  I've never seen anyone object to gay marriage that was not doing so based on Christian religious dogma, that's why I was so intrigued by your stance. Turns out, you're just one like all the rest. Too bad.  At least I won't waste any more time debating this with you, if there's one thing I've learned on these boards, it's that debating an issue that is founded in religious belief is the ultimate exercise in futility. Especially when the person claims to have a "superior" understanding of the Bible.   It is completely logical in the scriptures. It's funny how people say it isnt' logical when tehy can't understand teh basic concepts. It's like elementary children say calculus doesn't make sense when tehy can't even understand simple multiplication.  I never use scripture to show why homosexuality is wrong. Cite me one instance that I used scriptures as my argument. I only refute manipulations of scriptures.
it seems to me that, regardless of your religious beliefs or feelings twords he subject, we cannot seek to limit the behaviours of human beings. We, as human animals, if presented with a wall, will seek to move over that wall, regardless of what is on the other side. now, while i myself do not advocate gay marrage, i do not believe that it is fundamentally wrong. so, as tword yes or no, i take a no postition, but only because of the consiquences. If we can't limit behavior then we msut eliminate all laws becasue that is all ti regulates.
You do have the right to marry someone you love if you are gay or lesbian in Massachusetts, as of today. Mana'ia, you have the right to marry all of those rich people if they consent. You have the right to marry rich people of the same sex, if you live in Massachusetts. You could even marry someone just because of love who is of the same sex there. No I can't marry them becasue some of them are married. Also none have intent to li ve within Mass.
And a lot of things taken in context mean exaclty what the anti-homosexual party want them to. This isn't the point, why should someone's religious text be froced on anyone if they don't agree if it is purely a religious issue. Perhaps it would be better if the US had something closer to France's 'freedom from religion' rather than its 'freedom of religion', but that is the topic for another thread.  Are there any official recognised (by their peers and the rest of the scientific community) organisations that do beleive that homosexuality is a disorder? There is a central board that decides what is and what is not a legally recognised disorder is there not?  As for quoting Polls for current opinions, what do the anti-homosexuals think about this one?  First off it isn't anti-homosexuals, it's anti-homosexualtiy. The behavior is not the person. It's not religon being forced upon you it's what society or the legislature considers moral and public policy.
 Once again, no it isn't. It still has to be harmful to be a disorder, otherwise its just a less common phenotype.  Define harm. For many homosexualiuty is harmful    What you are putting in as laws of nature are not really what they actually mean, you can not break physical laws, they are fundamental discriptions of the universe- not common trends or an idealised behaviour like our human laws are. Not sure what you mean by enabling more?  Enabling means to help the behavior. Also humans laws are all subjective.    And that is all, not a disorder.  It is a disorder. It isn't considered the norm. Loo up disorder.   Getting dangerously close to eugeneics here, in what way is someones genes anything to do with us or that their beleifs are being allowed to continue to the next generation. If that kind of stuff was legislated against then that would be far more damamging to soiceity than allowing gay marriage. Would you prefer a less pious more tolerant society, or a return of the nazi gas chambers?  I don't follow at what you're getting at wiht this.
 I know there are people in the UK who agree with you, but they are in a much greater minority then in the US and are far more isolated to the extremes (generally the older population and those who already have extreme fringe groups). So you like gays, but just don't think they should be treated equally and be allowed to choose the lifestyle you want- some friend you are. You oppose gay rights and consider it a mental disorder, that fits quite well into the common defintion of homophobic. If you beleive what you do you have no problem being homophobic as there is a definite reason for it, howwever don't try to pretend you are a friend in anyway to them. I like people not homosexuality. Everyone has equal rights this is already done until you can show how they don't. Also why do I care about the UK? Go to China, Tonga, Phillipines, Peru, India, Jordan, and see how much support gay marriage has there.  I'm a friend to everyone. If I don't accept pedophilia does that mean I'm a pedophobic ( or however you call it)?    Likewise, if it is not genetic there would no real reason not to accomodate it is there? Also there isn't a great deal of higher organisms studied other than mice and even then there isn't a great deal of pressure looking for them. Just isn't the most common kind of genentic research. Humans have the msot studies done about them. There are hundreds of medical school worldwide dedicated to studying human anatomy.    Are these civil unions divorcing at the same rate as non relgioius marriages? Do we mean civil union as purely gay marriage as well, the term changes from place to place? Not sure if you looked at the stats compared to marriages between non religious people it would be very different. And how does someone else divorcing reduce the chance you will stay with your partner? The argument is that gays will help the isntituion because they won't divorce and that isn't true.  Also LDS marriages divorce at around 15%. That is the only religious marriage statistic I could find.    meh, everyone else gets too, felt it was my turn.  The religion analogy is fine, the individual descrimation is religious rather than sexual. We just have laws banning one and not the other at the moment  Shinto beleiver- can go to temple, but not chuch Christian beleiver - can go to temple, but not church Straight man - can marry woman Gay man - can marry woman Same? Yes.   The majority doesn't decide what is acceptable behaviour, nor should it. The majority is controlled by minorities which really decide what is good and what is not and then tell the majority what to beleive. It is the only way a society can operate if you don't want massive persecution of minorities   Exactly the inidiviual rights are the samea teh religous rights are not. So what is your point? Not all behavior has equal rights because we legislate against some and not others.  The majority always decides in a democracy. The minority is protected by a constitution. How is it fair to let a minority dictate policy making? Should we let muslims or whtie supremacist rule the majority?
Originally Posted by Waxy Here's the thing - up until now, you've claimed that your beliefs were based on logic, turns out they were actually religiously based. Not much logic in the Bible.  I've never seen anyone object to gay marriage that was not doing so based on Christian religious dogma, that's why I was so intrigued by your stance. Turns out, you're just one like all the rest. Too bad.  That's not true. I argued against gay marriages from an economics point of view, not a solely religious one. How soon you forget, my friend. IMO, it is both, but I'm perfectly satisfied leaving out the religious reasons and just focus on the fact that it's a new tax on the rest of America and American businesses. (I know, you're in Canada, so the same argument doesn't apply there.) :)
But the economic points didn't make sense. It isn't a new tax, its just the same tax benefits  that they could get anyway should they chose to. No one is paying more, but some more people are paying less. If you are worrying about having to pay more taxs then shouldn't you take inot account them being able to pay less up to the normal levels for a married couple?  I can tell that you're not an economist. :) Here's an example. I own a company employing 10 people. Half of these people are married. As their employer, I pay $500/month for the family healthcare and $200/month for singles, so my total costs are $2500 + $1000 = $3500. Two of my single employees are gay and get "married to same-sex partners. If they're legally married, my healthcare costs go up by $600/month, so I'm now paying $4100/month in healthcare benefits. So, you see, businesses will be forced to subsidize these gay marriages whether or not they agree with the practice or they'll get hauled into court by gays screaming "discrimination".  Now, let's look at Social Security. Right now, if a single employee paying into the system dies before his/her retirement age, the money remains in the SS system coffers. If 10,000 gays legally marry, they immediately create another 10,000 dependents in the SS system. Let's assume that the gays are reasonably successful and pay in at the maximum rate (based on $87.9K/year). If the "spouse" dies today, leaving a family, they would receive up to $3352.00/month in benefits that wouldn't have existed prior to the legalization of gay marriages. If one of those 10,000 gays died at age 40, leaving a "husband/wife/whatever" and a young child, this could amount to an extra 3352 x 12months x 18years = ~$724,000. Add to that the survivor's benefits after the spouse turns 65 and you're up to a $Million PLUS. So, you see, it IS an economics issue.
 Okay, you've only proved that homosexuality is maladaptive in males just now, and only then if they mate. Also, there is a lot of harmful behavior that is worse than that that is not considered a disorder, like playing football. You can be injured doing that, but as it doesn't fit under the other two catagories, it is not considered a disorder. Homosexual intercourse is justifiable, it would be unjustifiable to expect two people in love to never have a physical relationship. No I've referred to both genders. If they dobn't act on it then are they gay? Am I a professional football player becasue I think about hjow great it would be or do I ahve to actually do before I'm considered a pro football player? Football has many benefits that outweight the risks. Homosexuality does not. Also how is it justifiable? Yes the law prohibits many people taht are in love to never act on their feelings, such as if school/teacher, adult/minor, two married, relatives, and many others.    Yes, but you can not prove that they are no longer homosexual, just that they no longer act on what they desire. Define a homosexual? If someone tries weed once and tehy always wnt it again but never do it are tehy addicted?    Yes, but a loving parent does not make rules for no reason. There has to be some way that it is harmful to someone for it to be unacceptable. Also, they wouldn't make a rule against some slightly harmful behavior without making rules against more harmful behavior, like spending all your time watching sports or playing football, which can cause injuries. Or going to a Catholic Church, did you know that all that kneel sit stand stuff can cause damage to your kneecaps? I've given you many reasons on why ti shouldn't be done. It is harmful to them and society. Tehy do make rules to more harmful behavior but spending your time watching or palying sports has many beneficial aspects as opposed to other behavior.    Polygamy is between more than two consenting adults, because everyone in the marriage is married to more than one person. Relatives may end up getting married, but they are just as likely to if gays can or can not get married. After all, if two relatives fall in love they can fight for it just as well with or without gay marriage. Personally, I don't think gay marriage has any effect on it, because if it gets enough support we will end up with it, gay marriage being legal or not.  Polygamy is between two people. It jsut happens that one makes various contracts. The contracts are independent of each other so it only invovles two. It's liek if you're a buyer or seller. One contract with one buyer/seller is independent other buyers and sellers. How do you determine that gay nmarriage deserves recognition adn other marriages do not?
 Thank you so much for these misrepresented statistics from the board of directors of this not so prestigious, 2 year old, right-wing political organization. What was I thinking posting from the American Academy of Pediatrics?  I just love the part where they state that homosexual partnerships are more prone to breaking up, compared to heterosexual marriage. Do all heterosexuals marry the first person they have a partnership with?  Oh, and what a surprise, heterosexual marriages last longer than the average gay relationship! Just like in my previous example, this is an apples and oranges comparison. Not all heterosexuals who are in relationships are married.   They also cited the Bell and Weinberg study from the 1970's. Gay men in sex clubs and gay singles bars and gay book stores were interviewed, and found to be promiscuous. The heterosexuals surveyed were from residential areas, some included married couples. In order for the samples to be comparable they would have to survey heterosexuals from hetero singles bars, hetero sex clubs, and hetero book stores. For all we know their findings could have indicated what life was like for the average single person in San Fran in the 1970's.   Also, some other studies were misrepresented.  For example, the claims of more domestic violence in gay relationships cites the Island and Letellier study. It's authors have shown how they were quoted completely out of context by right-wing anti-gay groups...  http://www.afaexposed.com/a_letellier.html  Also the authors of the original study on gay life expectancy have had their study misrepresented by anti-gay groups, as the authors show in this article in the International Journal of Epidemiology...  http://ije.oupjournals.org/cgi/content/full/30/6/1499  Jake so what I can go to other websites that have an agenda like you websites do and pull up articles to refute and then we'll eb going back and forth. My argument if that there is nothing defintive and each side is going to believe in their studies. Also since neither side can show that it is definitively better or genetic then it should be assumed that it isn't because until their is defintive evidence to suggest otherwise original decision should stand.     Obsessed with the idea that he is going to hell if he doesn't follow all the rules, wanting to die because he sees it as the only "cure"? Attacks anyone who questions his beliefs. That indicates a problem with religion.  Why do you keep using the word obsessed? People can be concerned and not obsessed. If i had a problem that i thought was so bad I would wnat to die regardless what the reason was even if it was religious. If I had a terminal illnesses I would rather die quickly than be a burden and suffer the idignities of the disease. Does that make my culture or the medical communtiy wrong for giving me that perspective?( I do not believe in euthanasia)    He has a wide diversity of opinions presented to him. I did not attack religion as I wrote previously. I told him he had to consider that he was using religion in a destructive way. I can't understand how you cna provide with a variety of non-religous views without condemning his religous views.    Yes, it really is. It shows the dark side of the ex-gay "program". You are the last person he needs to talk to. What would you tell him, to keep going on the path he's going on? To keep trying something that has not worked. Stay miserable so that you want to die, because God wants you in that situation, or God can magically make you feel better or heterosexual if you simply have a little more faith and pray just a little more? What would you tell this person? How would you defend the ex-gay "program"? I'm thinking maybe nothing could make things worse for him, but I still hesitate to give you his email.  Ex-gay programs are like any intervention program. Many poeple that fail rehab or anyt other rehab programs feel depressed and upset becasue tehy feel there is no cure.  I would simply ask him what he is feelinig. I feel that indirect communication loses alot in the translation. I feel that you're presenting a very bias opinion of his probloems and that doesn't allow me to see what he's feeling.
This is all well and good JP, but greed is not reason enough to deny someone equality under the law. I fail to see how determining what tax benefits you are entitled to based on your sexual orientation is a less blatant a form of descrimination than basing it on skin colour or religion.   I don't have kids or a wife (for another 52days :p), so why have I had to pay up until now to support you and yours? I sure as heck didn't want to.   Waxy, you're sounding more like a bleeding heart American liberal instead of a Canadian Socialist every post. :)  Why should anyone be forced to give money to a newly-created group that the majority don't think should even exist? Why should businesses be forced to support social experiments that they disagree with?  And you failed to make a significant distinction. The tax benefits that you "are entitled to" aren't based on your sexual orientation, they're based on your marital status. You get NO benefits from being a heterosexual nor do you lose any by being a homosexual. What you gain through marriage are benefits that the government has deemed worthy of reinforcing/rewarding financially. It is no different from giving home owners a tax break on their mortgage interest because the government promotes property ownership of its citizens. And these benefits were given to the individuals through legislation written by Congress and signed into law by the President. Gays don't want to go that route because it would be the kiss of death to their cause. Instead, they search out sympathetic minor governmental officials and judges who attempt to institute fiat laws that attempt to force policy AND COSTS on the citizens without their input.  If gay marriages are allowed without Congressional involvement, a saavy lawyer could easily argue that it would represent an example of taxation without representation. emoticon_xagree
_________________________________________________________________  THE FOLLOWING ANALOGY IS PURELY HYPOTHETICAL, AND DOES NOT REPRESENT MY ACTUAL THOUGHTS ON CHRISTIANITY IN ANY WAY.   I think Christianity is unnatural. I think belief in God is a disorder and sign of a mental defect, and the things they do behind closed doors, drinking "blood" and "eating flesh", ICK. It's a negative behaviour pattern that requires overcoming.   That being said, I don't really have a problem with Christians, as long as I don't have to pay for their health benefits and pensions, not to mention all of their tax free enterprises. This whole dependent class of Christians is a huge drain on the atheist working population of the country and we should not be forced to pay for their benefits, let alone to recognize them as being equal. It's clear to me that they should be denied these benefits due to these "facts".   _________________________________________________________________ Nice try. Now, tell me how atheists are paying for "Christian benefits"? Do Canadians give money to people based on their religion? They surely don't here in the States. I can only collect SS if I pay into the system. My employer AND I pay for my family's healthcare. As for their tax-free status, I would have no problem removing it...just as I'd love to see the ACLU and other crackpot liberal organizations lose their tax-exempt status. emoticon_xgood   There's been a lot of REAL STRETCHES in this thread, but IMHO, this analogy is pretty darn fair, and I'd say it sums up the argument of denying gay marriage based on "money", even if somewhat imperfectly.  IMHO, money is a losing argument. In fact, it would seem to me that money is the BEST argument for the pro gay marriage side.   That being said, on the topic of gay marriage as a financial drain -  If you provide couples with the ability to marry, in addition to the benefits they will receive, they are now capable of using all of the tax benefits and loopholes designed to reduce dependence on the gov't. In the case of retirement - marriage allows for the sharing of RRSPs. (Registered Retirement Savings Plans) By permitting couples to maximize their retirement savings as a team, the burden on OAS (Old Age Security) and the CPP (Canada Pension Plan) are greatly reduced.  A couple other quick points -   1 - At the company I work at, single or family makes no difference, you pay in the same and the money is pooled. Complain as I have, there's no getting out of it, and like it or not, in MANY cases, single people are paying for their fellow employees children's benefits. Same goes for gov't programs re: child care, child tax credits, even school taxes, etc...  2 - SS - Your first sentence sums it up     That's not your money, that's not the gov'ts money, it's HIS/HER money. HE/SHE should have the right to designate a benefactor for the proceeds of a lifetime's work and payments.  Waxy  Since Canada is way beyond the US in its march towards socialism, I can see how gay marriage wouldn't have the same financial impact in Canada. In the US, WE pay for our healthcare directly, not Uncle Sam. If I was single, I would pay ~$150/month, but since I'm married with dependents AND an HCI, I pay more than twice that amount, as does my employer. And WRT our Social Security System, current recipients are receiving far more in benefits than they ever imagined or could have contributed. IIRC, the factor was something like 17X as much, so I could argue that it really isn't THEIR money in the first place. Add to that a "new prescription plan" that will be paid for by current and future employees and it becomes even more of a stretch to call it THEIR money.
Let's pretend here for a moment that Christians made up a rather large minority.  Now, continuing with the analogy -  I'm not saying "Christian benefits", (I'm not sure how you got that?), just the benefits that married Christian couples receive. I think we should strip all married Christian couples of the benefits they currently receive due to their marital status, and furthermore, ban any Christians from getting married from now on. Like I said, it's a disorder, and married Christian couples are detrimental to sociey.  Clear as mud now? Clear as pea soup. :)   HCI? "Highly compensated individual". It's a term that big companies use in order to extract more money from an employee for their healthcare benefits compared to the average Joe. In otherwords, corporate Marxism "from each according to his means....." ;)  How would your scenario differ for a gay couple? Would they not then be paying proportionately, employer included? How is that "unfair"?   It's unfair because it is the creation of another dependent class for which a "spouse's" employer will be forced to subsidize. While the employee may willingly want to pay a portion of his new dependent's benefit, why should the employer?  The follies of the SS system (a whole new thread) don't change the fact that you've paid into it, and are entitled to be paid out, at whatever rate.  Let me ask you this though, whose money is it?  Yes, the folly of SS. It sarted out as a saving's plan using the employee's AND employer's money. Then the politicians found it was an infinite source of votes for them, so they gave away other people's money as well. emoticon_angry
Originally posted by Tastyfish: Indeed I am not an economist but I defintely agree with the equality issue, you are not creating a entirely new dependant class (and they as have been pointed out are not really dependant on the government...hmm, wonder if married couples are generally less dependant as one partner can support the other either indefinitely or at least between jobs) but enlarging the group to cover people who would fit all the right qualifications for it. Meh, I'll just stick to proteins.  By reclassifying gays as "married" , you are, indeed, creating a new class of dependent. You are expanding the number of people who have claim to others' money and resources. I gave the example of the impact on businesses, but there are many others. You're creating a new "legal entity" who will have new legal status, leading to increased court costs. While I've discussed private medical insurance, there will also be increased public costs as taxpayers are forced to cover medical expenses of Federal, State and Municipal workers' new dependents....and the list goes on.....
JP,  You can't mix and match responses. :( That post was made in reference to a couple of very specific posts by mana'ia in which his true colors came shining through.  I certainly wouldn't accuse you of the same, despite the fact I know you are devotedly Christian, and that it does undoubtedly form part of your resistance to the issue. I realize that you have argued it from a non-religious standpoint......  Waxy  My bad.  ;)
Is this one gonna get to 1,000?   Whistler :p Pig Pen mentality...again? emoticon_cool
Not really sure this is just cause for denying it though, doesn't seem that different from argueing against freeing slaves as they would start owning property and cause all manner of new court costs as well as the government now being required to support them if they have a problem.  From a lot of the stats it doesn't seem like it will create that many new 'dependants' compared to the overall population. One of the other threads estiamtes that it is probably about 3% of the population gays and no way near all of them will get married. Does being married cause you to gain all this 'other peoples money' or is it just when a married couple encounters difficulties?  I'm done debating gay marriage. This has proven to be as productive as trying to paddle up Niagara Falls and I don't have the desire to continue, so pardon me as I make my exit from this debate. We will just have to agree to disagree. emoticon_xhoho
Here is more about Spitzer's unpublished study, and its sample, including what Spitzer himself has to say about it...  He was disappointed, however, that many reports overlooked his statements explaining that his sample was limited and that he was not maintaining that a substantial number of gays and lesbians could become straight if they sought reparative therapy. "For the vast majority it is not possible for them to change their sexual orientation," he said.   Spitzer also acknowledged that "a lot of people will misuse" his findings, which could cause pain for many individuals. "It may help 5,000 people, but harm 500,000," he said. He is concerned, he added, that "the Christian right," with its intolerance of and opposition to homosexuality, will use his findings in its campaign to prevent gays and lesbians from gaining civil rights protections.   http://pn.psychiatryonline.org/cgi/content/full/36/13/20  Spitzer learned from Stalstrom that his study was being misused-an outcome about which he has been concerned since his study was publicized last spring. He then wrote to Karkkainen, the lawmaker leading the charge against the bill, saying that he was "disturbed" that his study results were being "misused by those who are against antidiscrimination laws and civil unions for gays and lesbians."   Spitzer explained that while his study results run counter "to the current view of most mental health professionals," who maintain that homosexuals cannot change their sexual orientation, his report was "based on a very unique sample." Such results "are probably quite rare, even for highly motivated homosexuals," he said.   He added in his letter to the parliament member that "it would be a serious mistake to conclude" from his research that homosexuality is a "choice."   He emphasized that he is concerned with "scientific issues" related to sexual orientation, and that he "personally favor[s] antidiscrimination laws and civil unions for homosexuals."   In an interview with Psychiatric News, Spitzer also rejected the argument made by Finnish opponents of civil unions, as well as some people who hailed his study results earlier this year, that the decision to remove homosexuality as a DSM-III diagnosis was a political decision in which APA succumbed to pressure from gay groups and their allies in the profession. That argument is "nonsense," he emphasized. "Both sides of the controversy were convinced that science was on their side" when they made their decision.   http://pn.psychiatryonline.org/cgi/content/full/36/24/11  It had taken Spitzer more than 18 months to find just 200 or so people willing to describe themselves as successfully converted. He found his interviewees by advertising through ex-gay organisations. Almost half were recruited through ex-gay ministries, and nearly a quarter by Narth. Religion was "extremely" or "very" important to 93% of them. One in five was a mental health professional (Cohen, for example, is a high-profile reparative therapist) or director of an ex-gay ministry, and more than three-quarters had previously lobbied for sexual reorientation. These are people who get paid to say that therapy works.   For many critics, this alone was enough to discredit the exercise. An article in the APA's Psychiatric News likened it to testing a drug on people recruited by the pharmaceutical company. But in addition, many of the participants appeared to have been not so much altered from gay to straight, as bisexual all along. Ten per cent of the men had never had gay sex before therapy, whereas half had already slept with a woman. Only a third of the women and half the men said that before therapy they were "extremely" bothered by homosexual feelings. How gay were they?   As with most statistics, everything depends on how they are read. The percentage who were "extremely bothered" by homosexual feelings after undergoing therapy fell to zero. You could say zero was a sensational turnaround; or you might say they weren't so gay in the first place. Two New York psychologists carried out another study of reparative therapy at the same time as Spitzer, and reached the opposite conclusion. "We interviewed 182 people who tried very hard to change," Dr Ariel Shidlo told Newsweek. "The stakes were really high for them. Some really thought that if they didn't change, they would literally find themselves in hell... And they still failed."   http://www.guardian.co.uk/weekend/story/0,3605,1183596,00.html  Drescher is concerned about the harm that patients can suffer after going through some of the conversion therapies, an issue not addressed in Spitzer's selective patient sample.   "Religious reparative therapies, like the faith healing from which they are derived, are a treatment modality that purports to provide definitive answers regarding human nature and sexuality. They always define homosexuality as wrong and require that individuals trying to change their sexual orientation submit to the therapist's authority as a condition of treatment," he said in his annual meeting presentation.   In the type of interventions Spitzer assessed, "it is the client's compliance with the therapist's authority, rather than the therapist's interpretations, that will determine the outcome of treatment," Drescher suggested. "This is a clinical stance with troubling ethical implications."  http://pn.psychiatryonline.org/cgi/content/full/36/13/20  It all comes down to the fact thta it isn't definitive. ALso any program for rehabilitaiton works better if the poerson is religious and has family support. All Psitzer p[roves is that homosexuality isn't genetic. If it were genetic then it would be definitve. If it genetic they show where it is genetic and then that is it. You cant' deny the evidence if it existed.
 The onus is on you to do that. I already have given you a definition to ban homosexualtiy. ANy behavior that is deemed unbeneficial, deviant, or a disorder and is not helpful to the public interest shall not receive and recognition.   They sit around with you, gossiping about confidential matters with patients?  No talking about general practice is not considered confidential. If it were then people couldn't ask if a surgeon has done so many surgeries of certian types of people.   There are problems with acts between heterosexuals. The fact is that there isn't a high rate and that there is a benefit to heterosexuality as in homosexualktiy there is none.    Yes, well there are parts of the U.S. south, where inter-racial relationships are not accepted to be on display. I don't see the connection between nudity and homosexuality. Nudists, will be nudists, regardless of what is happening with gay people. That is different. RAce and behavior are not the same. We can regulate behavior but not race. Nudity and homosexualkiuyt are both behavior. Why does one deserve recognition and the other doesn't?   It won't just be imposed without good reason, either. Good thing there are good reasons such as decency, morality, health, etc.    Especially when your sample is of therapists themselves, and of paid activists and lobbyists, given to him by conversion businesses, like Spitzer's sample which he described as "very unique". Also, he didn't do a follow-up study. Taht is your only argument. How many psychologist are have a gay agenda too? You're only argument is taht the sample taht is relgious and has family support is the most successful jsut like any other treatment. Religious and family supported poeple have the highest rates of success for any rehab. What's your point? Does that mean AA, drug rehab, gambling anonymous are phoney too?   They certainly did.That is relative.    This is an argument to not allow any sexual relationship. Other things are different from homosexuality, and will have their unique standards, regardless of whether or not we accept gay people. If these others want to fight to have their relationships equally recognized, they will do so regardless of whether or not we accept gay relationships. This was essentially the point of Nature's Cry I believe, and it's a good one. No there is discrimination if we allow this behavior and others that fit the criteria in allowing homosexuality. Heterosexuality has a benefit. Heterosexuality is the foundation for civilization. HOmosexuality has no benefit.   If the polling is flawed, as you say, how can we trust the numbers it produces? The numbers really have not remained steady over time.   The change in polling is always relted to the margin of error. I don't beleive there really ahs been a big change opinion.
The standards of most in society, is that they don't want busybodies nosing into their sex lives, when they aren't affecting anyone else. So we should allow bestiality, polygamy, bigamy, incest, sex with minors, teacher/student, sodism, and all other forms of sex?  Anyways you can be gay you just can't ask for special rights.
Nudity in public is illegal, that's the difference. Many may not feel heterosexual acts in public are acceptable either. Many don't feel people walking downtown, or going door-to-door and handing out religious pamphlets, and trying to convert others to their religion is appropriate either. However they are mor willing to accept and tolerate those than others. ALso the majority don't feel that way either. You're really grapsing for straws here. tEh harm due to homoseuxality is far greater with little benefit compared to the others.
Yes, yes, yes, we all know how promiscuous and unstable the poor gays are, but my question to you is, why do you want to prevent them from abandoning that harmful, promiscuous lifestyle? It completely confounds me as to why you are so tenacious in your efforts to keep them from settling down and leaving behind that harmful image. What is your reasoning? How do you explain this, and don't even think of quoting scripture to me. We're in the United States; there is something called seperation of Church and State here.  Marriage just doesn't change people. The relationbships won't be affected much by marriage. If two people wanted to eb amrried but couldn't then they would act properly. Marriage wouldn't change their lifestyle. TEHre is no evidence that marriage or civil unions has helped gay lifestyle at all.
After you and Big Orn jinxed it I didn't think so. :p  Waxy emoticon_xgood Ah, those old memories! ;)   I guess I sort of got that mentality at FTE a few moments ago when a "person" called gayford (male/female?) called Lance Armstrong a jerk.  But, I toned it down a little. emoticon_cool
Marriage is a specially protected institution in most societies for a reason. If the definition of marriage is expanded to include other subgroups, it will lose some of it's status, and will be weakened. This is not a good thing, and will hurt us as a nation, and as a culture, in a very broad sense. Also, it doesn't help to take a wonderful and well respected institution like marriage and redefine it as something supportive of sexual perversion. It's a loss of respect that is quite injurious. Turning marriage into a haven for deviant behavior is a very bad idea.  Within ten years of legalizing homosexual marriage, the words, husband and wife, will become politically incorrect. The homosexuals will then complain that those words offend their status as married couples and that everybody should be referred to as partners.
I believe someone brought up the Australian situation, conserning a gay marriage ban. Here is an update...   ABC Online ......"The National Party will be out campaigning on this issue because we believe the conservative people of Australia want marriage defined as between a man and a woman," he said.  Senator Boswell has accused the Democrats and other senators of trying to desecrate the institution of marriage.  2004 Australian Broadcasting Corporation Copyright information: http://abc.net.au/common/copyrigh.htm Privacy information: http://abc.net.au/privacy.htm  Good for the National Party. The Democrats want to postpone a vote until after the election because they fear that they'll lose their jobs if they come out in favor of gay marriage rght before an election. It appears that OZ has a lot in common with the US; we both have a majority of voting citizens that oppose gay marriage. The only difference is that in the US, gays lack the guts to put the issue to a national vote. They prefer to target Liberal judges who will create fiat laws in their favor without an act of Congress. emoticon_angry
I'm not sure that's it. Australia is pretty well evenly divided...  http://www9.sbs.com.au/theworldnews/region.php?id=86834&region=7  The majority of those aged 18-34, who are the future, support same-sex marriage, which makes Australia like many countries. If this is a popularity contest, it's just a matter of time, anyway.  I wouldn't be so sure. Kids have a way of becoming more conservative as they get older.
I know that's from a quote, do you have it?  Thanks,  Waxy  It was a personal observation. I'm not aware of any quote to that effect, sorry...but feel free to use it.  emoticon_xgood
Give us a break, the bibe saying 'in the future there will be Wars...and Earthquakes!' is hardly proof, that is beyond coincidence predicting that 'things will stay much the same as they are and natural events will occur as usual'. Abortions an unwed couples seems to have pretty much nothing to do with the last line. The number of earthquales that have happened outside of Israel in the last 100 yrs is exponentially increased. Believe what you will. If you have a better understanding of love waxing cold I'd like to hear it.   As for minorities and the constitution, the majority can change the constitution or just ignore it. It is in the majorities interest to support and accept minorities because pretty much everyone falls within one of them and minorites still have a significant number of people, maybe not the most important but enough to swing power between forces competting over the majority.  Obviously we don't have the smae understanding of the US government. Teh majority rules unless it violates the constitution. If you can point out how that isn't true then I'd be interested in being enlightened.
 This is not equality. You are using the letter of the law to twist the purpose of the law, and even then doing it using very shaky logic. Equality is about general concepts, not specifics. It is equality to say 'everyone is has the same right to worship who they want', it is not equality to say 'everyone has the same right to worship who we tell them to'. That is equality within an unequal system, which cannot be counted.  Equality is treating every person the same. However it does not mean treating every person's behavior the same. It does not mean treat every organization the same either. Everyone has the same rights. NOt every religous practice, ideology, or behavior get the same treatment. Teh people determine what is in the public's interest to protect and ban.   Can you re-phrase, I don't follow. It basically only the Christian practices that are completely legal. Islamic polgamy and other religons don't have their practices recognized as often as christianity.   No. As I said, those have strong links to criminal activity irrespective of the act itself being a crime. For example drug use has noted links to theft, the same just cannot be said for homosexuality. Homosexuality has strong links to sodomy. Also prostitution is legal in Nevada so shoudl all states be forced to allow taht behavior? Insome states adults cann have sex wiht 14-16yr olds in some cases. Should other states recognize that too?   No it isn't. And even if it was, that has nothing to do with homosexuality anyway. Most serial killers of men and young boys were homosexuals. Sodomy is a crime do you wnat me to post it?   Physical or psychological injury or damage. Homosexuality is therefore in no way harmful. And I have serous doubts about the 'many' who say it is gynocologist, Gi specialists, and colon specialist have all stated the effects homosexual related activites. Also there is a higher risk of disease transmission among homosexual men so much so they are not allowed to donate blood for 5 yrs from their last activity.
Just to stir the pot a little.  We all have things that we feel are just plain "wrong". Federal funding of social programs, Islam, religion in general, eating meat, etc, etc...  We tolerate these things because they are beneficial to, or the free choice of some, while not coming at the expense of others (except maybe the social programs JP. :p ).  What makes gay marriage different that we would deny it?  Becasue tehre is no merit to the behavior that would need special recognition. SHould people with attachment disorders be allowed to be polygamists? What is so special about homosexuality that it deserves to be treated different than other behaviors? Remember there is no definitve evidence that it is genetic.
 What do you mean define harm? Means 'damage or hurt', and those who see homosexuality itself being harmful have to be careful not to include traits commonly assocaiated with it (like depression due to lack of acceptance, greater instance of unsafe sex etc).  Homosexuality among men and women there is harm as I've stated above. There are many things that are harmful that are not illegal. Tobacco, beer, abortion, pornography, gambling, and many tohers should tehy be illegal? Stock manipulation in itself is not harmful should that be legal? What about polygamy it isn't harmful? Prostitution?   As for the enabling (which means nothing like what you said), still don't get what you are trying to say and the human laws being subjective seems odd here too as we were not talking about them- you were calling thing laws of nature whihc weren't.   Main Entry: enable  Pronunciation: i-'nA-b&l Function: transitive verb Inflected Form(s): enabled; enabling /-b(&-)li[ng]/ 1 a : to provide with the means or opportunity  <training that enables people to earn a living< b : to make possible, practical, or easy  c : to cause to operate <software that enables the keyboard< 2 : to give legal power, capacity, or sanction to <a law enabling admission of a state<    it's subjective to what people think are good and bad for the country. TAht is the differences of polictical parties very subjective.   Disorder doesn't mean simply outside the norm but a harmful disturbance of the body/organ. You can get unusual traits that are not disorders but you can not have a beneficial disorder.  I agree for teh most part but it does not need to affect an organ.    Look up eugenics, if we are going to talk slipperly slope arguments you have a good one here. If you decide that one of the reasons gays shouldn't adopt children is that they will more likely turn out gay then this is the kind of thing you are trying to do.  I'm saying children need both a father figure and mother figure for the best development. Studies show taht it the best scenario for children.
You only wish the clock could be turned back, don't bet on it.  I have three kids, 21, 19 and 17 and interact with them and their peers daily. YOU would be surprised. emoticon_xgood
LOL. :p   OK, if you say so.   Waxy looked at the lists of "World's Most Dangerous Earthquakes and Selected Earthquakes in the United States" from The Citizen's Guide to Geologic Hazards. I thought it best to look just at the larger earthquakes to reduce the dependence on instruments and observers. There has been about 20 large earthquakes globally in the latter half of this century (so far) compared to about 15 for the first half of this century. There were only 7 large earthquakes recorded for the entire 19th century. Based on this quick look at one source of information, it does appear that the frequency of earthquakes is increasing.
 So which group would you rather be in? Europe and Canada or China and the Middle East? Honestly if not the US then Tonga or Japan over Europe   Damn you foot hater you! ;) I wouldn't mind considering myself being strongly opposed to paedophilia and would admit to being paedophilophobe (if only because the word sounds cool). The same is rarely true for the homosexual case and people against it. never mind though, was a fairly pointless argument anyway. How do you know it's rarely true? Most people just assume anyone opposed of the behavior has a fear.    But given the choice between Cancer and AIDs prevention or whether hmosexuality is innate, far fewer choose the latter. Research resources are rare and priorities are made. There are very few unbiased studies done due to the lack in funding other than lobbies they will get. still there has been research done and still nothing. does homosexuality have to be first in research to be considred research? there are other disorders that have been found to be genetic that wren't even discovered until the last 20 yrs.    No one ever suggested this, the point was really why does it matter if John and Dave get divorced, will that make you love your wife less (well, maybe if you fancied Dave...but then who doesn't ;))?  Then don't make the argument gay marriages are better for marriage. the fact is gays may even divorce more frequently.     Are those official divorces? Could be be remarried in an LDS church? Will have a hunt around for some other stats and will see where to put them. Po9st them when you get them   But do you not beleive that people should be allowed to practice their religion? Would you not oppose a law banning religions? No I believe people shoul be allowed to practice certain practices. I'm opposed to satanic human sacrifices, that's a religion.   Or blacks and women, why should they get a vote if they don't have it. The mjority doesn't rule, minorites (though not always the normally viewed issue based ones) decide what the majority should believe and the masses go along unless servely pushed. It's called democracy. Unless they have some constitutional right the masses win.
Look being gay is not a right. It is a decision, you are free to pursue, and others are free to chastise you for doing it. Marriage began as a way for a MAN and WOMAN to be together and raise a child. If a two members of the same sex wish to commit to each other they can call it something else, but not marriage. It says nowhere in the constitution that we have to accept people for who they are, or what they believe in. All it says is that all men are created equal, which is true, however, that changes once you start growing up, making choices, gaining prestige, getting convicted of felonies. So yes everyone starts as equals, however we do not end up that way.
You keep bringing up the disorder thing but you are using your own scientifically wrong defition of disorder to back up other point of views. You have deemed it "behavior that is deemed unbeneficial, deviant, or a disorder and is not helpful to the public interest shall not receive and recognition" but officially and medically it is not a disorder, deviant is a loaded word (again maybe true to your defintion but not the general understanding of it in this context.) or irrelevant and what is helpful to the public intrest is dubious as well (doesn't mean what the majority wants, but what is decided to be best for society overall). There is no official definition homosexuality being a non-disorder. There is only the APA DSM-IV decision which isn't the "official" declaratory use of homosexuality. Just as the American Bar Association doesn't determine what is legal for Attorneys or what should be the APA only represents most of its members views however they are not the worlwide decision makers on if it is a disorder or not.  Also here is a definition of disorder.  What is Abnormal? Before we can write about specific behavioral disorders, we must define 'abnormal'. And what is normal behavior? The following criteria are used to determine wheter a persons behavior is abnormal or not:  Deviation from statistical norms;the word abnormal means 'away from the norm'. Many population facts are measured such as height, weight and intelligence. Most of the people fall within the middle range of intelligence, but a few are abnormally stupid. But according to this definition, a person who is extremely intelligent would be classified as abnormal. Thus in defining abnormal behavior we must consider more.  Deviation from social norms; every vulture has certain standards for acceptable behavior; behavior that deviates from that standard is considered to be abnormal behavior. But those standards can change with time and vary from one society to another.  Maladaptiveness of behavior; this third criterium is how the behavior affects the well-being of the individual and/or social group. Examples are a man who attempts suicide, an alcoholic who drinks so heavily that he or she cannot keep a job or a paranoid individual who tries to assasinate national leaders.  Personal distress; the fourth criterium considers abnormality in terms of the individual's subjective feelings, personal distress, rather than his behavior. Most people diagnosed as 'mentally ill' feel miserable, anxious, depressed and may suffer from insomnia. In the type of abnormality called neurosis, personal distress may be the only symptom, because the individual's behavior seems normal.  None of these definitions provides a complete description of abnormal behavior. The legal definition of abnormality declares a person insane when he is not able to judge between right and wrong, but this criterium is not used by psychologists.   http://library.thinkquest.org/26618/en-4.1.1=defining%20abnormal%20behavior.htm  Under this definition homosexuality falls under it.   Clearly there is a benefit to homosexuality for homsexuals, you may not see the appeal but surely you can understand the benefit of loving someone you are attracted to? Might not even have as many possible benefits as heterosexuality as it won't result in kids, but with adoption or IVF this is not an issue either.  This is an issue of self gratification. Polygamy, stock manipulation, voyerism, prostituion all have their benefits to the individual participants but not to society in general. How is homosexuality better than those?   Heterosexuality is not the basis of civilisation, mutual self interest is. I think you will find that there are many heterosexual organisms in nature and they don't have civilisations. Cooperation and living together are the basis of civilisation, to me it seems that accepting and recognising homosexuality is more in line with the foundations of civilisation than not doing so.  Do you know civilization means?  Main Entry: civilization  Pronunciation: "si-v&-l&-'zA-sh&n Function: noun 1 a : a relatively high level of cultural and technological development; specifically : the stage of cultural development at which writing and the keeping of written records is attained  b : the culture characteristic of a particular time or place 2 : the process of becoming civilized 3 a : refinement of thought, manners, or taste b : a situation of urban comfort  You better not resond to this because you obviously have proven that you are talking about things you know nothing about.
JP,  You can't mix and match responses. :( That post was made in reference to a couple of very specific posts by mana\'ia in which his true colors came shining through.  I certainly wouldn\'t accuse you of the same, despite the fact I know you are devotedly Christian, and that it does undoubtedly form part of your resistance to the issue. I realize that you have argued it from a non-religious standpoint.  As for the "new tax", that\'s why I challenged you to all or nothing. If you want to base this purley on money and taxes, then it\'s a simple matter of equality. Either there are benefits for married couples or there aren\'t. Pretty simple.  Waxy Have I ever used religion to bolster my aruments? Waxy you are insinusting something that I have never done. I\'ve only argued a non-religious stand point.
..... Not a great deal of research has been done and even less by institutions that are neutral to the whole debate. It is a very complex issue involving a vast number of genes and interactions in the brain and there isn't a great deal of point in trying to find a 'cure' as someone with it will lead as happy a life as someone without (excluding the social problems dealing with acceptance) Really, so why do homosexuals have a lifespan 20 years shorter than straights? We have research to find a cure for diseases that decrease the average lifespan far less than that. Why don't they look at it as a disease and try to improve the lifespan of more people? The reason is because nobody wants to be politically incorrect and think of being gay as an affliction, so they'd rather live with the consequences. What a bunch of hypocrites. They'll spend $billions railing against tobacco, which is less deadly in the long run than homosexuality, but little on trying to stop homosexuality which kills at a much higher percentage of those engaged in it.  The masses always win, you just need a certain sized mass, that is democracy and the constitution is just a way of limiting it and determining what size of mass you need.  Hence, the greatest argument in favor of the Second Amendment.
This is a straw man argument JP. Homosexuality DOES NOT kill.  The life span of homosexuals, men in particular, has been seriously affected by any number of factors, from AIDS to suicide that makes the stat pretty much irrelevent for comparison as you've used it.  You want to increase the homosexual's life span? Let them come out of the closet, give them some benefits and education, and let them take care of themselves the way everyone else does.  Waxy  You mean there are STILL gays in the closet? emoticon_confused  I thought all of them marched in every Gay Pride Parade acrossed the country. emoticon_rolleyes  The best way to keep them alive is to teach them that homosexual sex kills. And NOT just from AIDS. There are many who die from an assortment of STDs unrelated to AIDS.
This is completely false JP, and I know that you know that. Frankly, I can't believe you posted this, it's a completely irrational post from a normally very rational person.  Homosexual sex itself doesn't kill anymore than heterosexual sex.   Unsafe sex kills.  Waxy  You're arguing semantics. And you're wrong. Homosexual sex is much riskier than heterosexual sex.The fact is that gays DON'T practice safe sex as a group and therefore, have a shortened lifespan as a group. Spin the facts any way you like, but those are the facts, <20 years less. http://www.qrd.org/qrd/religion/anti/cameron/homosexual.lifespan.abstract http://theroadtoemmaus.org/RdLb/22Sx/PnSx/HSx/hosx_lifspn.htm http://www.setfreerichmond.org/vp_greatmyths_3.htm http://www.no-apathy.org/conflict/homosexualityqf.htm http://qrd.tcp.com/qrd/religion/anti/cameron/medical.consequences.of.what.homosexuals.do.txt http://www.jrcm.faithweb.com/truth/i_Stealth.html http://www.inoohr.org/homosexualdiseases.htm http://www.glbtq.com/social-sciences/aids_activism.html And a good, brief summary on "homosexual diseases": http://www.wfcr.com/diseases.html
Obviously biased sources. We've already been through the Paul Cameron obituary study in particular, and why that study is a joke among those who deal with statistics. There's a reason why Paul Cameron has been censured by several sociological and pyschological professional groups, as well as by a federal judge....   Cameron's method had the virtue of simplicity, at least. He and two co-authors read through back numbers of various urban gay community papers, mostly of the giveaway sort that are laden with bar ads and personals. They counted up obituaries and news stories about deaths, noted the ages of the deceased, computed the average, and published the resulting numbers as estimates of gay life expectancy.  I understand how he performed his study. Do you think that "straight" papers would list the cause of death for gays in an easily documentable form? From a statistical standpoint, I agree that the study wasn't statistically rigorous, but I don't know how it could have been, as well.........  Some of the diseases listed are also diseases heterosexuals can get.  I agree, they CAN, but they aren't in the percentages that gays are and the assertion was that homosexuality DIDN'T shorten the average lifespan. An assertion that is just plain false, even when AIDS is excluded.  Gay people do not live 20 years less. You haven't proven this. <20 years less, and that was excluding AIDS. Include AIDS into the picture and the figure is even more supportable.  Also, promiscuity and unsafe sex are not relevent to a discussion on gay marriage, as those who are promiscuous and unsafe don't want to marry.  Again, my point was that homosexuality, as practiced today, decreases a person's lifespan and, therefore, there should be programs, like anti-smoking campaigns, aimed at reducing the practice. Whether a monogomous gay relationship is more or less risky wasn't my point.  Waxy stated:" Homosexual sex itself doesn't kill anymore than heterosexual sex." My comments were to show that his assertion was false. The homosexual act itself is far more harmful than heterosexual sex and I have backed that up with medical exidence on the diseases that are found predominantly amongst gays. http://www.wfcr.com/diseases.html
But should that mean you just invent some interpretation because there is no real easily obtainable evidence. To do it properly you would first have to look at all deaths in a year (preferabley more, all deaths in a decade or so) and then see what percentage was homosexual. To correct this you would then have to find out what percentage of each population was probably gay but not openly so and do so at different age ranges. Working out how to do it is easy, the actual process is less so but that is no excuse for the outright bizarre method he chose.  In all these stats you have to take a lot into account that the studies do not. The twenty year figure is so large as to be completely wrong is looked from a biological point of view. There is no way that could happen unless there was an obvious link between homsexual sex and something like lung cancer, instead there is a slight increase in chance of getting diseases that are commonly suffered by heterosexuals. However if you ignore a lot of factors and severly limit your sample group as far as finding homosexuals go then you are going to come out with an extreme and completely inaccurate result like the 20 years seems to be. You can't start something as big as your anti smoking without reliable evidence, and evidence collectedly in a way as bad as the magazine study isn't just slightly inaccurate but just plain wrong when it comes down to the interpretation The fact is that trying to do an exhaustive study that would hold up to rigorous experimental standards is impossible. We can't even get a good handle on the % of the population that is gay to start.  As for your list, I question the reliablilty of a website that starts with "The following is explicit material unsuitable for innocent minds, especially children." and includes S&M and bondage as homosexual, as well as syphilis and tuberculousis. Also a lot of the information is just plain inaccurate, they have been looking at diseases trasmitted due to fecal contamination - this won't be an issue in this case as this is a problem due to organisms living outside the body being able to feed and reproduce before being digested again. Direct transfer as in the case of the various anal sex methods wouldn't cuase this to happen (unless one of the partners is already ill).  Here's the intro statement: "The following is taken from "Sexually Transmitted Diseases in Homosexual Men: Diagnosis, Treatment, and Research," ed by Ostrow, Sandholzer, and Felman, (New York: Plenum, 1983). A medical book to help physicians deal with the many and sometimes confusing illnesses associated with homosexual practices. , an authoritative book to aid doctors in the treatment of conditions arising from typical homosexual practices.)"  Ostraw: http://depts.washington.edu/cfar/STD3rd/ http://bmj.bmjjournals.com/cgi/content/full/328/7450/1251 http://bmj.bmjjournals.com/cgi/reprint/328/7450/1251.pdf http://www.rethinking.org/aids/cite/topic_120.html I certainly don't think that I have more knowledge on the topic than they do, so I'll accept their professional experience until someone disproves it. OK?  And there are even gay websites dedicated to identifying STDs in gays. http://www.gmhp.demon.co.uk/guides/std/index.html
"The following is taken from "Sexually Transmitted Diseases in Homosexual Men: Diagnosis, Treatment, and Research," ed by Ostrow, Sandholzer, and Felman, (New York: Plenum, 1983). A medical book to help physicians deal with the many and sometimes confusing illnesses associated with homosexual practices. , an authoritative book to aid doctors in the treatment of conditions arising from typical homosexual practices.)"   I saw this and don't beleive it, it may be a 'medical book' but it is clearly not a standard text (doesn't even claim to be) as it is too old and pointlessly specific (most of the diseases it mentions are clearly not only suffered from by homosexuals and would be covered in a normal book). You are assuming that this book is valued by way more people that it actually will be, which appears to be the intent of the webpages creators. It might have been created to aid docters, but I strongly doubt that it is actually used by any of them. It doesn't take much of an effort to find medical sites which talk about gay STDs, so I'll leave that to the reader to decide if they find any of the numerous sites credible.  As for the exhaustive study, fine. But you can't broad sweeping measues unless you actually know what you are talking about, or at least have made a serious effort to do the best you can and still take the limitations of your study into account.  If for no other reason than to stop AIDS transmission, which we know is spread greatly throughout the gay community, don't you think that we should attack the problem with as much vigor as we do cigarettes? If not, then why bother using governmental money to fund AIDS research at all? We all know that the best way to prevent an epidemic is to isolate and stop the spread of a disease in its tracks. Flus have been dealt with more effectively than AIDS prevention and their consequences are far less life-threatening to the population.
JPSartre: There are no such things as gay diseases. These are sexually transmitted diseases, the only sure thing we can say about them, is that they are spread through sexual contact, and to be able to gurantee their 100% elimination, we would have to eliminate sexual contact. Using some simple strategies to be safe while having sex, goes a very long way in stopping them, however.  Like Waxy, you're arguing semantics, not facts. If a high percentage of people getting a rare disease do so through an abnormal sex act, it's normal to link the two.   More than 70% of AIDS cases around the world are from heterosexual contact, so it obviously can affect many heterosexuals. In Sub-Saharan Africa, where AIDS has hit by far the hardest, it is mostly spread by heterosexual contact... http://www.areyouhivprejudiced.org/facts/index.cfm?page=globalstats  Would you say in the regions where the outbreak mainly affects heterosexuals, that people should either practice homosexuality, or be celibate? I suggest that you do a little more research on AIDS in the US. African statistics skew any study that includes their numbers. They had contaminated blood supplies and superstitious beliefs that you could cure yourself of AIDS by having sex with a virgin. As a consequence, the XXXXXX infected many little kids all over Africa trying to cure themselves.  By the way, there is no "gay bowel syndrome",(from one of the links). That is an outdated term used to describe a parasite anyone may get, regardless of the sex of the partners, from oral-anal contact. The fact that "anyone can get it" doesn't mean that it isn't a predominantly gay disease. Anyone can shoot himself in the head, but those playing Russian Roulette are more likely to.  Also, sicle-cell anemia is seen mostly in African Americans, but that doesn't make it and African American disease. No, sickel cell anemia isn't predominantly an African American disease. It originated in India, Africa and the Lower Med. thousands of years ago. And Sickle Cell Anemia is 100% preventable if two carriers don't have sex. emoticon_xgood
Rare and abnormal are relative terms, I would expect that if you had the stats for the numbers of cases of disease, they would be very low compared to the number of cases of anal sex (both hetero and homosexual).   The US mainly has a higher rate in homosexuals because the first ones to get it were homosexuals and it stayed within the group because except for a few bis, there are very few other ways a heterosexual would have it. Overall globally it is not a homosexual disease, and in the US it has nothing to do specifically with homosexuality other than a historical element.  Not true. In the absence of a comtaminated blood supply and superstition, AIDS could have been easily eradicated in the US were it not for homosexual transmission.  Doesn't make it a gay disease other than being shot is due to playing russian roulette. Banning russian roulette is hardly going to decrease gun deaths. It would if the ban was enforced. emoticon_xgood  Well at least your consistant, when you look at it most of the world's problems can be put down to sex. If no one did then within a few generations we would have eradicated murder and theft entirely ;)  With "Bug chasing" and other idiotic behavior, maybe we're beginning to see social Darwinism playing out.  emoticon_confused
The purpose of his argument is to remind people that homosexuality is wrong. It is not based on fear. Society used to consider it to be wrong but has since changed its mind. Now it is often not just tolerated but lauded. This is an argument against homosexuality (or the actions of homosexuals), not the homosexuals themselves. Please note the difference. Homosexuality is not a particularly worse type of immorality but people seem to have forgotten that homosexuality is even wrong at all.   What if criminals adapted the model that the homosexual community used in "coming out" in society? Homosexuality has long been illegal in most, if not all, of the United States of America. Despite that, homosexuals announced their presence and avoided prosecution by claiming invasion of privacy and "consenting adults" arguments.   Here is the example I'm trying to make: Get a group of the same type of criminals together, have them announce their crime at a large public gathering, call their crime a "lifestyle choice" or something similar, and make a lot of noise about fair treatment of all people (by fair treatment of all people they would mean special treatment for their group, but that would not be known to the public until the law was passed that gives the criminals special favors).  Sound familiar?
Yes, lesbian sex is safter than heterosexual sex. Therefore, heterosexual marriage should be banned, as well as gay male marriage. Only lesbian marriages should be allowed, because sex between two women is the safest.    (Not using my own logic and reasoning, of course)  I'm not sure that I buy the premise. There are many diseases transmitted via oral sex, but that's getting way off-topic. If we only engaged in 100% safe acts, we'd never get into our cars. By the same token, we don't all drive 100mph without seatbelts either.
JP,  AIDS is NOT a homosexual disease. The situation in Africa was pointed out to you, and it clearly proves that. It's a disease that spreads by unprotected sexual contact of ANY kind. Plain and simple. Yes, the disease (in the US and Canada anyway) took root in the gay community due to a lack or awareness, education, and action, but the simple fact is, AIDS is an equal opportunity killer. Your assertion that no gays = no aids is totally absurd. It's unfounded and completely irrational fear mongering. Placing the blame for the creation and spread of AIDS solely, or even predominantly, on homosexuals is just ridiculous and shows a real lack of critical thought on the issue. Again with the semantics. I NEVER claimed that AIDS was ONLY a homosexual disease. What I said was that its introduction and spread in the US was predominantly through the gay community. The blood supply has been tested and is kept frre from HIV now. Junkies have minimal blood-blood contact with fellow junkies, BUT gays having unprotected sex with multiple partners is still are the major route for the perpetuation of AIDS in NA.  And AIDS isn't an "equal opportunity killer". It is much more difficult to get AIDS from heterosexual activities. There are numerous cases in which one partner in a hetero relationship has AIDS but the other doesn't. I've seen some statistics on the liklihood of spreading AIDS through normal sexual contact (I'll look when I get home later) and it's much lower..unless, of course, you're raping young virgins in order to act on superstition, as in Africa.   Just because a majority of AIDS deaths are homosexuals, does not make aids a homosexual disease. The same goes for 99% of STDs. To claim otherwise flies in the face of all logic. Waxy  You just made my point for me. The majority of AIDS deaths are homosexuals...in North America. Tell me, if the majority of sickle cell anemia sufferers in NA are blacks, would you say it was a predominantly black disease? Mad Cow disease also affects sheep and people but it isn't called Mad Sheeple's Disease. emoticon_rolleyes  AIDS is a gay disease in NA because the majority of sufferers are gay, not because they hold an exclusivity on it. If you want to argue the facts, argue the facts, not the semantics.
You think you proved your point JP, but there's 3 or 4 people here, myself included, that are saying otherwise. In fact, I'm not sure you have a point at all as it relates to banning gay marriage if as you say "Whether a monogomous gay relationship is more or less risky wasn't my point."  My "point" had nothing to do with the banning of gay marriage. It was to correct a misstatement that you made in response to my statement Originally Posted by JPSartre12 The best way to keep them alive is to teach them that homosexual sex kills. And NOT just from AIDS. There are many who die from an assortment of STDs unrelated to AIDS. ...to which you replied: "This is completely false JP, and I know that you know that. Frankly, I can't believe you posted this, it's a completely irrational post from a normally very rational person. Homosexual sex itself doesn't kill anymore than heterosexual sex.  Unsafe sex kills. You attempted to make a semantic argument out of a factual assertion.   What you have proven, albeit somewhat tenuously, is that there is a higher disease rate among homosexuals that translates into shorter life spans.  Oh, so you do agree that homosexuality, as currently practiced, is hazardous to your health. That was my only point. I further speculated that if the US wasn't so PC, they would treat homosexuality as they treat smoking and attempt to modify personal behaviors accordingly. But, we're too PC to condemn another known hazardous lifestyle.  This in no way invalidates their right to marry, and even more significantly, the claim that it does would have massive ripple affects on the ability to marry based on health/fitness that could lead to sci-fi type results.  I never used gay diseases as an argument against gay marriage. I used the fiscal argument, remember? I only got into the disease thing to correct your misstatement.  Quite simply, higher disease rates among homosexuals is irrelevent to this debate IMHO, but if you want to start a new debate on whether or not we should allow people to marry based on their health, or potential risk of health problems, go right ahead. It should be interesting.  Waxy  I agree that higher disease rates are irrelevent to THIS debate. I never claimed they were. emoticon_confused
 As far as gay marriage goes, that will continue as well...with or without a government issued marriage license. A lot of religious congregations allow gay marriage and will continue to do so. The government has the Defense of Marriage Act and many states have laws that prohibit same sex marriage.     I wouldn't count on that. And what would be the point anyway, if the government does not recognize the marriage they would not get the tax breaks they are so eagerly seeking.
I don't think it's tax break anyone's after. From what I understand, you pay MORE taxes when you're married.   I think what they are after are the other "rights" married couples have, mainly property rights and things like visiting your dying spouse in the hospital. If two gay people are "married" but the union is not recognised by the state, then certain beneficiary rights are not there that would otherwise be there in a hetero (state sanctioned) marriage.  You're "dying spouse in the hospital" argument is totally false. It is possible for ANYBODY to be given control over and access to another person in the hospital and decisions regarding their treatment. It's done all of the time between Seniors and their children. In some states it's called a medical power of attorney, IIRC. And property rights can also be given to another party, ANY PARTY, through a power of attorney. The rest of the "rights" are just attempts to get something for nothing, pure economic blackmail. Free healthcare, unjustified survivor benefits, to get around inhetitance taxes, etc.,
No I simply pointed out the fallacy of your statement that homosexual sex kills. It was a clear response to your blanket statement that is not supportable. The fact that you've backed away from that statement and claim it wasn't your intent and that I'm only dealing in semantics should make that clear to all involved.  It was indeed my intent to state that homosexual sex was deadly. It was YOU who took that as a universal belief and not a practical one, so I humored you and qualified it by saying "as currently practiced" to remove your semantical assertion of universality.  NO. I DON'T, and please refrain from putting words in my mouth.  I believe that there is a higher disease rate among the gay community, this increases the risk of contracting an STD through unsafe sex. However, homosexuality, and homosexual sex in and of itself, are not hazardous. That's not semantics, that's reality and logic, not blanket statements and generalities.  But, the facts don't support your assertion that homosexual sex is as safe as heterosexual sex. It isn't, nor can it be made to be.  As for the rest, that's your opinion, and you're welcome to it. I think there's been enough debate on this board surrounding the basis of your opinion to more than call it into question. I'll leave it at that. Fair enough. I've presented medical references for my statements, where are yours in opposition?   I sure do remember, and if I recall correctly, you didn't get too far with your fiscal argument. I notice you haven't gone back to it.  IIRC, you haven't been able to dispute my fiscal argument as it pertains to the US. I conceded that in Canada, with your socialized medicine, etc., it was different. But, I also don't recall a great clamor in Canada for gay marriages, so maybe that supports my fiscal reason, eh? :)   Then again, you also said you were done with this thread.   It wasn't a misstatement at all, and I stand by it.  Waxy  You're right. I checked back a couple of hundred posts and this was the thread that I "quit". Thanks for the reminder. emoticon_xagree
No, don't BAN gay marriage. Force gay marriage. Make it ridiculous. Make it as obvious as possible that it is a road to hell, so to say (I am not talking about real hell because every person has a chance to make it right with God).  Ban normal marriage and then also ban child-bearing, only clone best of the gays.
 Which would only leave room for Ozzie and Harriott. No it would leave room for the majority.    This is very general hearsay. I have my own anectodotal evidence of the many gay people I know, myself included, who have never had health problems. I won't even say what any of us do, specifically, in our sexual activities, because that's no one's business. This isn't hearsay this is statistical facts. Do you want me post them up? Here is just one fact. FDA Committee Votes Against Relaxing Donor Ban  By Becky Orfinger, Staff Writer   For the past 15 years, any man who has had sex with another man since 1977 - even once - has been permanently banned from donating blood because of the high prevalence of AIDS in the gay male population. At a meeting yesterday of an advisory committee to the Food and Drug Administration, government scientists voted to uphold this policy, cited as discriminatory by many gay rights activists.   FDA medical officer Andrew Dayton asked the Blood Products Advisory Committee (BPAC) whether it was prudent to change the donor deferral policy to ban only men who disclosed having sex with another man within the last five years. Dayton and his colleagues analyzed the projected risk that relaxing the donor deferral rule would have on the nation's blood supply and presented the committee with this data. After much deliberation, the BPAC members voted 7 to 6 to maintain the current deferral policy.   Dr. Rebecca Haley, interim chief medical officer for the American Red Cross, told the committee that the Red Cross did not support changing the current ban on blood donation by from men who have engaged in homosexual behavior during the past 24 years because of the risk of introducing HIV-positive blood into the national blood supply. Although Dayton's risk analysis found that "introduction of a five year floating deferral for male-to-male sexual behavior, even using conservative estimates, would result in minimal increased morbidity in the blood supply by HIV," the Red Cross urged caution in changing a policy that so far has kept the blood supply virtually free of tainted blood.  http://www.redcross.org/news/archives/2000/9-15-00b.html     Heterosexuality in itself is not beneficial. Good families can be beneficial. Heterosexuality and heterosexual reproduction in and of itself, does not necessarily provide good families, free from abuse, abandonment, etc. Gay and lesbian people have ways of reproducing or adopting too, as Tastyfish mentioned.  Heterosexuality is goog in itself. It healthy for people to engage in sex when it's done appropriately.  In one of the most credible studies correlating overall health with sexual frequency, Queens University in Belfast tracked the mortality of about 1,000 middle-aged men over the course of a decade. The study was designed to compare persons of comparable circumstances, age and health. Its findings, published in 1997 in the British Medical Journal, were that men who reported the highest frequency of orgasm enjoyed a death rate half that of the laggards. Other studies (some rigorous, some less so) purport to show that having sex even a few times a week has an associative or causal relationship with the following:  http://www.forbes.com/2003/10/08/cz_af_1008health.html    Heterosexuality is behaviour too. Nudists can be married. They can't be nude in public. Perhaps we should just outlaw all sexual behaviour. Replace it with clean, safe, artificial inseminatin. Otherwise, people risk liking sex for the sex itself, or as a means to be social, and end up doing things which may not have what some believe is the most noticable benefit, namely reproduction. We could also evaluate people under law, to ensure only those who can provide a good family environment may reproduce. There is benefit risk analysis. Heterosexuality provides many benefits and few risks. Homosexuality provides many risks and few benefits. You still haven't given me an argument why homosexuality merits recogition and other behaviors like prostitution, stock manipulation, cannibalism, attachment disorders, etc do not?    These are all good reasons to fight prejudice.  yeah and good reasons to set standards.   So was your original comment I responded to. It was true though   Opinion polling numbers seem to change quite a bit.  not as much as you hope  Poll shows backlash on gay issues By Susan Page, USA TODAY WASHINGTON - Americans have become significantly less accepting of homosexuality since a Supreme Court decision that was hailed as clearing the way for new gay civil rights, a USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup Poll has found. After several years of growing tolerance, the survey shows a return to a level of more traditional attitudes last seen in the mid-1990s.  Asked whether same-sex relations between consenting adults should be legal, 48% said yes; 46% said no. Before this month, support hadn't been that low since 1996. (Related item: See poll numbers)  In early May, support for legal relations reached a high of 60%-35%.  The shift in attitudes occurs as gay issues have been in the news. In recent weeks, the Supreme Court struck down a Texas anti-sodomy law, a Canadian court decision allowed gay couples to marry in Ontario, and Wal-Mart expanded anti-discrimination protection to gay workers.  Conservative social activists see a backlash to those developments and the growing visibility of gay characters in entertainment, including such TV shows as Will & Grace. "The more that the movement demands the endorsement of the law and the culture, the more resistance there will be," says Gary Bauer, president of American Values.  Bauer says that sentiment will make it harder for elected officials to avoid taking positions on such questions as a proposed constitutional amendment that would bar marriage of gay couples.  Advocates for gay men and lesbians called the poll disappointing. "Clearly, the debate (over recent developments) has had an effect," says David Smith of the Human Rights Campaign. But over time, he says, "The country always ends up on the side of fairness, and I think they will here, too."  Those making the biggest shifts included African-Americans. On whether homosexual relations should be legal, their support fell from 58% in May to 36% in July. Among people who attend church almost every week, support fell from 61% to 49%.  The survey also found rising opposition to civil unions that would give gay couples some of the rights of married heterosexuals. They were opposed 57%-40%, the most opposition since the question was first asked in 2000.  By 49%-46%, those polled said homosexuality should not be considered "an acceptable alternative lifestyle." It was the first time since 1997 that more people expressed opposition than support.   http://www.usatoday.com/news/washington/2003-07-28-poll_x.htm
I'm wondering, exactly what harm as befallen you personally as a result of homosexuality. Or more generally, what harm could befall you as a result of another person's homosexuality?    It hurts me personally by erasing the line of moeral decency. It will change the definition of an instituion that has already been trivialized and degraded and considered an ammoral institution that I hope to enter soon. It forces me to consider behavior equal to civil rights.
After you and Big Orn jinxed it I didn't think so. :p  Good thing we have mana'ia's unwavering righteousness to keep the fire stoked now and then.   Why do you say it' my righteousness?
Bestiality, incest, pedophilia, etc.? What about heterosexuality and homosexuality? You are not considering orientation or attraction, you are only considering that all these things are sex. Therefore, the cause of your alleged slippery slope is not orientation or attraction, the cause is sex.  I do have equal rights, I wouldn't call them special rights, as I live in Ontario.  I responded to  Originally Posted by JakeCJB The standards of most in society, is that they don't want busybodies nosing into their sex lives, when they aren't affecting anyone else.    You resond with that?  Orientation is irtrelevant. If behavior is wrong for some it wrong for all regardless of anything else. There can be exentuating circumstances that excuse the [unishment but it doesn't condone the behavior.v   They are special when you asked for different than what anyone else has been granted.
Nonsense. If you are secure with your own heterosexual identity, it doesn't affect you in the slightest and there is no threat to you personally. .   It sure is, I sure as hell dont want too see that garbage, let alone have my son see it.
mana'ia: Spare us the garbage you picked up from some right wing site about gay serial killers, which leaves out men who kill women. Men who kill women due to sexuality purposes usually are addicted to pornography which should be banned as well. Heterosexuality is genetic and beneficial to society. Homosexuality provides only personal gratification such as masterbation. Masterbation however is much safer.    Your slippery slope argument as usual, doesn't look at different orientations or attractions, it only connects things because they are sex. Therefore, to stop the alleged slippery slope, we would have to get rid of the cause, the cause being, sex. Laws regulate behavior. It doesn't matter if you were born addicted to heroine you still can't posses it. Behavior is regulated regardless of mentality.    There may indeed be some health issues which affect a larger percentage of gay men, as a group, in North America. There are health issues that affect more African Americans as a group. Sickle cell anemia is primarily seen in African Americans.  sickle cell is genetic and hereditary. Homosexuality is behavior and the put themselves at risk engaging in it.   Using your logic, one should cease being a young heterosexual woman in South Africa.... http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/4684371/  If one wanted to be the lowest risk group for HIV, anywhere, one should be a lesbian. That is due to enviroment and behavior not genetics. Good try to distort the argument. Lesbians do not benefit society with their behavior and are at risk for other vaginal problems due to their lifestyle.    If more natural disasters signal end times, it's interesting how jurisdictions full of God-fearing, Bible-thumpting, hillbilly rednecks, are always being hit by horrible tornadoes.  Sutrprising how mny times San Francisco has been hit by earthquakes.
I have to walk past a preacher every day to get to work as he yells on his megaphone about how I need to accept 'the laaawd or burn in heeelll!'. I 'sure as hell' don't want to see that garbage, let alone listen to it. But I don't deny he has a right to do it.  Why don't you want your son to see it? Are you afraid he'll 'go gay' because he sees other gay people?  I understand. I sure hated seeing people committ rape, larceny, murder, shootings, theft, assault and many other things that non-religious people engage in my neighborhood.  Other people that aren't religious oppose homosexuality.
 ummm OK What is your point? If its consensual so what.. Oral sex is against the law too. You going to give that up? Oral sex is done by both homosexuals and heterosexuals.    Somehow I doubt that.. they are just sick in general and honestly it probably would'nt matter who they stuck it to... 5. Thus, generally, heterosexual male serial killers kill women, and homosexual male serial killers kill men, and usually homosexual men. (Homosexual serial killers sometimes deny that they are homosexual, or even say that they don't like homosexuals. It is uncommon though, for heterosexual male serial killers to prey upon homosexual males, or males in general.) Again, usually, serial killings are sex acts.   http://www.indianaobserver.com/2001/09/gratuitous.html      One of my best friends is gay and gives blood on a regular basis. He is HIV negative and leads a normal life with his partner.. Imagine that   For the past 15 years, any man who has had sex with another man since 1977 - even once - has been permanently banned from donating blood because of the high prevalence of AIDS in the gay male population.  http://www.redcross.org/news/archives/2000/9-15-00b.html
Okay, kids, time to get back on track. When you start comparing countries in their cultures, you're not giving any logical input to this debate.  See, the way I look at it, marriage is an agreement between two people to be devoted to each other and to remain faithful. Then, if it's a legal marriage, you have a piece of paper saying you are married, and blah blah blah. The main point here is, that regardless of our christian foundation in our culture, two people should be able to create a legal binding together if both people are willing to do so.   No one can stop two people from swearing their love and devotion to each other, so to try and pretend we have any say so over it is pointless. People all over consider themselves married, even if they are not legally so. Has the foundation of our culture collapsed? I don't think so. And any problems in our society can be traced back alot further than lame excuses like "tv violence", or "alternate lifestyles".. so therefore those things cannot possibly be the cause.   Sorry. so, long story short.. I thing gays should be allowed to marry. even if they had the same rights under a different name, I think that'd be okay.. but at the same time, I want people to understand that right now, "civil unions" do NOT entitle all the same rights and priviledges as marriage does.. so it's not equal yet. (for instance, there is no divorce process. ick, hu?)  I just love how passionate people will get in denying rights to gays, when we could be worrying about real problems. I mean, Jesus H. Christ.. talk about messed up priorities.  By the way, it WOULD be denying a group rights, since, there is no reason they cannot have them except legalities.. (i.e. no naturally occuring thing prevents it) that is, if the amendment passes. Right now, the technical wording would be something like "omitting" which is not the same as outright saying "NO." I can understand why we have nothing in the constitution saying gays can marry.. we didn't think about it much back when it was first drafted. But hey, times change, Blacks and women can vote. I think this is a natural and inevitable part of changing history.   Uhhhmmm.... about 30 people have made those same arguments on this thread already. Thanks for showing up though
 Oh, sure, believe what you want. No, actually, anyone with any common sense knows that the best environment for child-raising involves positive adult figures, regardless of gender, and the more positive figures, the better. Why is it though that it is theoretically good to have a female and male both? Well, exposure to different kinds of behaviors I suppose, so that they can pick and choose what ones they want to emulate. But really, any more, kids learn early on which gender parent they're supposed to become like (according to gender stereotypes they are exposed to almost constantly). Thusly, you get gender-rigid people who are unbalanced fundamentally. I mean, come on, like a y chromosome makes you inherently inconsiderate (a trait often blamed on merely being male).  That's a sounds theoretically possible but not probable. There is no evidence to support thst.  "Research shows the best environment for a child is one where both a mother and a father are present and committed to each other and the development of the child. Research also reveals that the presence of a father in the home determines a child's cognitive and verbal skills, academic performance and curbs high-risk behavior- not to mention the impact on a child's emotional and psychological health," Bydalek said.  http://www.familyfirst.org/news_releases/gay_adoption.shtml   The ideal family environment for a child is to be raised by their married mother and father. Thirty years of social science research has shown the consequences for both children and adults when mother-father marriage is not present (crime, poverty, drug abuse, teen pregnancy, school failure, and mental, emotional and physical problems).   Women and men bring together the different and complimentary gifts needed to most effectively raise children.   By legally redefining marriage, we would be making a decision that marriage no longer has anything to do with making babies and that children no longer need either a mother or father in their lives.  http://www.familiesnorthwest.org/dynpage.cfm?DPID=612     In fact, many MODERN studies (say, after 1990 or so) show that gender-rigid family environments (which make up most traditional families) are quite UNhealthy.. as they raise kids who learn to feel shame if they are not stereotypically male or female. To hear some horror stories of that degree, read Gender Shock by Phyllis Burke. She has case files of children admitted to "gender correction clinics" for things like girls not wanting to wear dresses.. the results were devistating. Kids given shock therapy.. being told to hate who they were.. it's sick. but anyways.. I just hate it when people say that kids do best with a mother and a father. How about just having good human beings raising them for a change? Who cares what gender their parents are, so long as they love and care for them? I for one think that people value the wrong things alot. People are lucky to get caring parents anymore, so why care if there is only one, or two of the same sex, as long as they do a good job?  Yes people are lucky if they have two parents. It does not change the fact that the best environment is two paren t household. That book is one study about a small percentage of the population suffering from disorders and you're making an inference about the meaning.   People..    May I also add, that your posts are generally not linear.. I can't follow them well at all. I might recommend learning better grammar.  I don't alwas have time to resond until later especially now that my hand is broke. I'm not meticulous and usually respondd in order unless I feel a need to otherwise.
This whole concept of "same sex marriage" is preposterous - an idea so silly it would have been laughed out of a courtroom or a legislature five years ago, 10 years ago, 20 years ago.   Why is it preposterous? Why is it silly?   Let's just talk about the same-sex marriage idea from a practical perspective.   If it is, as proponents suggest, discrimination to deny same-sex couples the privilege of marriage, then it is also discrimination to deny the privilege to anyone else who wants to get married. Right?   "Well," you say, "who else wants to get married but is denied by the state?"   Many people. And as soon as this taboo is broken, watch them line up.   How long do you suppose it will be, once same-sex marriage is a reality, before brothers want to marry sisters? How long do you suppose it will be before sisters want to marry sisters? How long do you suppose it will be before brothers want to marry brothers?   How many same-sex marriage advocates want to go down that road?   Are you still with me?   If incestuous marriages don't scare you off, how about marriages involving more than two people? What possible reason could we find for "discriminating" against threesomes, foursomes, fivesomes, etc.?    The truth is that most of us do believe in discrimination. In fact, we discriminate every day when we make choices. I'm not sure you can live without discriminating - between good food and bad, between safe conduct and unsafe conduct, etc.   Discrimination can be a good thing - a necessary component of life. It's a bad thing only when we use it prejudicially against people because of immutable circumstances - like the color of their skin.   People who are homosexuals, transsexuals, transgendered people, intersexuals, lesbians and metrosexuals are characterized in those ways because of their conduct, their behavior, their choices.   Those folks have exactly the same rights as heterosexuals. They can marry one member of the opposite sex. No one forces them to do so. But they have that right.   This system has worked pretty well for the last 6,000 years. We tamper with it at great peril to our society.
 Polygamy would be unworkable under the current definition of marriage, the entire system would need an overhaul for multiple partners to be workable. This is obviously not going to happen.     Same thing with same sex marriages emoticon_idea
 Unless you are a beleiver in a religion, then the whole Earthquake thing is irrelevant and if you are then this isn't the debate for you. I haven't been argued that homosexuality is right according to religious beleifs, but more often that your religious beleifs should have nothing to do with my life. Acceptance of homosexuality effecting plate tectonics? Time to come back to the real world, even if it is true, why should you worship a being that is quite happy to destroy homes and kill people for becoming more tolerant but is quite happy with the famine and AIDS situation and doesn't get involved with politics?  First opff Jake started this rel;igious topic. Reread the posts I'm only refuting his assertions.  I did not say homosexuality is the cause of anything religious only citing support against Jake's comments.  Don't ever try to assume you know God's mentality. Most parents love their children but they raise them according to how they feel is best. According tro what they know. Why are some parents motivator and others discipliners?     The constitution is not magic, it has been changed because enough people wanted it done, if the majority wants to ignore or change a part of the consititution it will do.  That's my popint if the majority want it they will do it.
 Xenophobes are not scared of foreigners (or at least not in the same way as someone is of spiders) it is the same thing with homophobia. breaking the word down to its latin components is pointless as this is not what the word means.  It still doesn't show that people that oppose homosexuality are homophobic.    Not a great deal of research has been done and even less by institutions that are neutral to the whole debate. It is a very complex issue involving a vast number of genes and interactions in the brain and there isn't a great deal of point in trying to find a 'cure' as someone with it will lead as happy a life as someone without (excluding the social problems dealing with acceptance)  Yeah but the way science has progressed if it was genetic they would have found it by now. They have found it to be more socialized than anything. Also the fact that people have changed is pretty concrete proof that it isn't genetic.     No one has, they just dispute that it worse for marriage. Their are aspects where they may be better, and those where it may not be.  There have been divorces from vermont's civil unions. everything indicates that homosexual relatinships are less stable. What aspect might be better?    But you are not denying those because of the religion, but because it is harmful to others and more importantly, potentially to you. Homosexuality is not.  Not exclusively. Every law has a morality underlying it. Things such as prostitution, pornography, bigamy, alcohol, all have moral reasoning behind their lawfulness and illegality.  Homosexuality is harmful. I'll post the fact if you want me to.     The masses always win, you just need a certain sized mass, that is democracy and the constitution is just a way of limiting it and determining what size of mass you need.  exactly
   It isn't harmful. Even if it were, why do you care if you are not personally gay? Homosexuality is harmful and we personally care since this behavior is directly associated with higher rates of promiscuity, physical disease, mental illness, substance abuse, child sexual abuse, and domestic violence. There is no reason to reward such behavior by granting it society's ultimate affirmation--the status of civil marriage--or any of the benefits of marriage.
Mana'ia,  I can only shake my at you sometimes. :(   Did the idea of how they detect and record earthquakes taking exponential leaps forward ever occur to you?   Of course not, you saw a stat that you liked, from one source, and without any critical thought at all, you immediately accepted it as being solid truth/evidence and based an entire argument on it.  It is rather typical of your posts though.   ACtually I did take taht fact inot consideration. The new methoods detect min or earthquakes and mostly do it in remote places. I'm talking ab out teh major earthquakes taht could be detected wihtout a seizmograph in the major countries in the civilized world.  The evidence of teh earthquakes that could be measured in the 1800s in teh countries documented compared to thiose same earthquakes now are expontially increasing.   We doin;t need to count the minor ones in remote places. Go to ANY and ALL sources and count them.   I did my research but you obviously didn't. Still remember that you also are only specualting thqat it the reason for more.
 Why would anything be considered a non-disorder? There original inclusion of it within mental disorders would have been a religious one (or at least a religious opinion back up with your 'not normal' defintion). It shouldn't have to be classified as a non-disorder.  What are you talking about? You're basing you're whoile argument on DSM-IV. Did it ever occur to you it is there fourth edition? That means taht 4 times they were wrong. How could tehy be wrong DSM I, II, III, and now right the 4th? They have already reversed themselves in their conclusions in DSM-IV about other disorders. They always use science to back up their decisions in their reversals but in /dsm-IV they gave no scientific reason just political ones.     You define abnormal behaviour but state that you are defining a mental disorder, lets not mix terms here. First two points are irrelevant and are only included to attempt to put a preemptive link in. The first is too vague (as it states, not really sure why it bothers seeing as it is defining a mental disorder rather than abnormal really) and the second has nothing to do with the topic. Women exposing anything other than fingers and eyes is against social values in islamic theocracies, is this anything physiological? maladaptive behaviour isn't relevant as the majority of problems are caused by the intolerance and lack of acceptance from others (intolerance fits this definition far better, seeing as it is also against the norm and against the social values, should this be a mentla disorder). There is no compulsive or self destructive behaviour that results from homosexuality, there may be a correlation with some harmful behaviours but these are correlations and not consquences (but even then the studies listed here were a little dubious). Finally while a large number of people who feel anxious miserable and depressed may suffer from insomnia, but equally a lot may feel it because some event is making them feel miserable and anxious. Under that definition homosexuality may fit, but not very well. isn;t really a definition   Mental Disorder: Clinically significant behavioral or psychological syndrome or pattern that occurs in an individual and is associated with present distress or disability or with significantly increased risk of suffering death, pain, disability or an important loss of freedom.   http://www.med.uottawa.ca/homeless/tools/glossary_e.html#m   Mental Disorder  A dysfunctional manifestation in the individual that may be physical, psychological or behavioral, and for which treatment is generally provided by under the direction of a mental health professional such as a psychiatrist, a psychologist or a psychiatric social worker.   http://www.aetna.com/help/glossary.html#m  The Relationship between Suicide Risk and Sexual Orientation: Results of a Population-Based Study   Gary Remafedi, MD, MPH, Simone French, PhD, Mary Story, PhD, Michael D. Resnick, PhD, and Robert Blum, MD, PhD   Objectives. This study examined the relationship between sexual orientation and suicide risk in a population-based sample of adolescents.   Methods. Participants were selected from a cross-sectional, statewide survey of junior and senior public high school students. All males (n = 212) and females (n = 182) who described themselves as bisexual/homosexual were compared with 336 gender-matched heterosexual respondents on three outcome measures: suicidal ideation, intent, and self-reported attempts. Logistic regression analyses were used to examine the association between sexual orientation and outcome measures with adjustment for demographic characteristics.   Results. Suicide attempts were reported by 28.1% of bisexual/homosexual males, 20.5% of bisexual/homosexual females, 14.5% of heterosexual females, and 4.2% of heterosexual males. For males, but not females, bisexual/homosexual orientation was associated with suicidal intent (odds ratio [OR] = 3.61; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.40, 9.36) and attempts (OR = 7.10; 95% CI = 3.05, 16.53).   Conclusions. There is evidence of a strong association between suicide risk and bisexuality or homosexuality in males. (Am J Public Health. 1998;88:57*60)   http://www.apha.org/journal/abstracts/remaf.htm  Men who have sex with men may identify themselves as homosexual, bisexual, or even heterosexual. No matter what label is used, the fact is that these men are at increased risk for sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) such as human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection, anal cancer, and psychologic and behavioral disorders.1  The rate of men who had sex with men in the previous year was thought to be 1.7 to 2 percent. However, surveys from 1996 to 2000 indicate that the rate is at least 3.1 to 3.7 percent.2 This discrepancy indicates that male-male sexual behavior often is underreported, and that previous estimates of the number of men who have sex with men may be too low. Therefore, a typical family physician can expect 3 percent or more of his or her male patients to be men who have had sex with men in the previous year.  Recent trends indicate a resurgence in risky behaviors that expose men who have sex with men to HIV infection and other STDs. The reported prevalence of men engaging in un-protected anal intercourse increased from 37 percent in 1993-1994 to 50 percent in 1996-1997.3 Disease risk frequently is not assessed, especially in younger men, in part because of numerous impediments to adequate care under the current health care system.4  http://www.aafp.org/afp/20040501/2149.html   4.3.1 Recent studies have reported Bisexual people to have worse mental health than their homosexual or heterosexual counterparts due to more adverse life events and less positive support from family and friends15. Bisexual people may also be at greater risk of STIs due to a lack of targeted health promotion activities.16  http://www.ama.com.au/web.nsf/doc/WEEN-5GA2YX   Psychiatric disorders were more prevalent among homosexually active people compared with heterosexually active people. Homosexual men had a higher 12-month prevalence of mood disorders (odds ratio [OR] = 2.93; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.54-5.57) and anxiety disorders (OR = 2.61; 95% CI = 1.44-4.74) than heterosexual men. Homosexual women had a higher 12-month prevalence of substance use disorders (OR = 4.05; 95% CI = 1.56-10.47) than heterosexual women. Lifetime prevalence rates reflect identical differences, except for mood disorders, which were more frequently observed in homosexual than in heterosexual women (OR = 2.41; 95% CI = 1.26-4.63). The proportion of persons with 1 or more diagnoses differed only between homosexual and heterosexual women (lifetime OR = 2.61; 95% CI = 1.31-5.19). More homosexual than heterosexual persons had 2 or more disorders during their lifetimes (homosexual men: OR = 2.70; 95% CI = 1.66-4.41; homosexual women: OR = 2.09; 95% CI = 1.07-4.09).   These studies were done in the Netherlands where it's more almost completely accxeptable.   Same-Sex Sexual Behavior and Psychiatric Disorders  Findings From the Netherlands Mental Health Survey and Incidence Study (NEMESIS)   Theo G. M. Sandfort, PhD; Ron de Graaf, PhD; Rob V. Bijl, PhD; Paul Schnabel, PhD    Arch Gen Psychiatry. 2001;58:85-91.          Going to the cinema, keeping fit, decorating your room and listening to music all have benefits to an individual but not to society in general. How is homosexuality worse than those? It doesn't actively harm someone like stock manipulation, is done with consent unlike voyerism and doesn't have the links to crime prostitution does. In fact it is unlike those at all, which is why it is better.  Going to the cinema, keeping fit, decorating rooms, etc all benefit society in improving the health, safety, and public welfare.  Stock maniupulatrioon doesnt harm anyone.  Homosexuality is illegal in much of teh world. /so is ti wrong in thsoe countries?   I have no idea what I am talking about, you're the one saying tolerance has caused earthquakes, homosexuality is the same kind of thing as stock manipulation, giving defintions of disorder that actually include 'and some other stuff' as part of them. I think you are the one not entirely grounded in reality here. Exactly how is marriage the foundation of civilisation from those three compared to the actual basis of civilisation MAKING LIVING TOGETHER MORE BENEFICIAL THAN LIVING ALONE. Without the foundation of a society you have no advancement of the standard of living or any civilisation. Exactly how did marraige lead to the formation of writing, or could it possibly be that writing emerged as a way to pass information to people you live with and their descendants? Single parents clearly have no part in civilisation and are at the same level of development as cats and dogs, orgnaisms that have no marriage and thus no civlisation. Really, at least pretend to understand the points people are making before you rubbish them  I never said homosexuality caused earthquakes.  Marrigae is teh foudnation of families. Famil;ies is what society is based upon. It is proven that people from stable two aprent homes generally are better prpared and do better in society.  Before I answer your line of single parent learn what civilzation is before I answer them. Single clearly ahve not contributed to society as homes with two parents. The evidence is clearly there.
Originally Posted by Tastyfish  You define abnormal behaviour but state that you are defining a mental disorder, lets not mix terms here. First two points are irrelevant and are only included to attempt to put a preemptive link in. The first is too vague (as it states, not really sure why it bothers seeing as it is defining a mental disorder rather than abnormal really) and the second has nothing to do with the topic. Women exposing anything other than fingers and eyes is against social values in islamic theocracies, is this anything physiological? maladaptive behaviour isn't relevant as the majority of problems are caused by the intolerance and lack of acceptance from others (intolerance fits this definition far better, seeing as it is also against the norm and against the social values, should this be a mentla disorder). There is no compulsive or self destructive behaviour that results from homosexuality, there may be a correlation with some harmful behaviours but these are correlations and not consquences (but even then the studies listed here were a little dubious). Finally while a large number of people who feel anxious miserable and depressed may suffer from insomnia, but equally a lot may feel it because some event is making them feel miserable and anxious. Under that definition homosexuality may fit, but not very well. isn;t really a definition The American Psychiatric Association Coup  Homosexuals commonly point to the fact that the 'medical community' and, more specifically, psychiatrists agree with them that homosexuality is a "normal human sexual response."  It is certainly true that the American Psychiatric Association (APA) removed homosexuality from its list of "mental disorders" twenty years ago, in 1973. This is a fact that almost always comes up in debates with sodomites.  What the homosexuals do not mention, of course, is that this sudden change in attitude was not based on any new scientific evidence. As described in the following paragraphs, it was a purely political move, induced by a relentless saturation campaign of deception, intimidation, and unethical collusion between the APA committee and activist sodomite groups.  Preparing the Ground:  In 1968, representatives of activist homosexual groups approached leading psychiatrists and the officers of psychiatric organizations and began to lay the groundwork for the reclassification of their perversions as normal manifestations of human sexuality.   These activists correctly recognized that such a move was absolutely mandatory if they were to win public acceptance. After all, society in general would not look very kindly upon the subsequent lobbying done by a group whose members were officially recognized as "mentally disordered."   In the three years during which the APA's Homosexuality Task Force was deliberating, it collaborated actively with several sodomite groups, including the Gay Activist's Alliance, the Mattachine Society, and the Daughters of Bilitis, while completely ignoring organizations with views that contrasted with the homosexuals.   Abram Kardiner, former Professor of Psychiatry at Columbia University, revealed that "A powerful lobby of "gay" organizations has brought pressure on the American Psychiatric Association to remove homosexuality from the category of aberrancy. This is only one facet of the tidal wave of egalitarianism and divisiveness that is sweeping the country...."  During this unethical collusion, Kinsey colleague Paul Gebhard said that anyone who was known to harbor the view that homosexuality was a disorder was systematically excluded from being a member of the Task Force or from even being able to present his views or evidence to it.  In other words, the sodomites packed this committee in the same manner that pro-abortionist and fetal tissue harvesters do: Only those people with the "correct" viewpoint were allowed to voice an opinion.  But the homosexuals did not focus on the APA alone; they intimidated psychiatrists all over the nation. While the APA Task Force ws preparing its report, any psychiatrist or psychoanalyst who dared present documentation that homosexuality was a psychological disorder (anywhere in the country) was shouted down and even physically attacked at public forums or at local and national meetings of mental health professionals.  The APA Caves In:  The years of hard work put in by the sodomites began to pay off in 1972. The "National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) Task Force on Homosexuality Final Report" parroted Alfred Kinsey's proclamation that "exclusive heterosexuality" and exclusive homosexuality" were "sexual extremes," and that most people were basically bisexual.  This report in turn exerted a great deal of influence on the APA. In order to make its final report appear to be scientific, the APA's Homosexuality Task Force sent a letter to all APA member psychiatritst. This letter did not ask whether or not homosexuality should or should not be declared "normal." It was signed by all candidates for the upcoming elections for the APA presidency and urged all members to "vote" that homosexuality was thereafter declared to be on a level with normal sexuality.  This view was so voted by a very slim margin. The letter did not, of course, reveal the fact that it was written and funded by the National Gay Task Force. One of the letter's signers, in fact, later confessed that he knew that such knowledge would have been the "kiss of death" for a pro homosexual vote.   Subsequently, the APA eliminated homosexuality as a mental disorder from the 1973 edition of its "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual."  APA member Dr. Henry W. Reicken cut to the heart of the APA's motivation as he wrote a scathing dissent in the appendix to the above mentioned NIMH report entitled "Detailed Reservations Regarding the Task Force Recommendations on Social Policy:" "It is as if they 'the Task Force' said, "Here is a phenomenon about which we know almost nothing and about which there is a great deal of anxiety and concern; therefore, let us suggest a major revision in public policy for dealing with this phenomenon." I cannot escape the belief that this is an utterly unreasonable conclusion to draw from the sea of ignorance and misinformation in which we find ourselves."  The Essential Point:  The essential point to be made about this chicanery is that the sudden complete reversal in the APA position on homosexuality was not brought about as a result of a careful regime of scholarly research and study; it was a blatantly political move, a 'vote', of all things, on the status of a mental illness. Furthermore, this vote was undertaken in a climate of deception and intimidation.  At no time before or since has the APA or any other psychological or psychiatric professional group 'ever' addressed a mental health question in this manner.  Behind the Scenes:  It is fascinating indeed to see what psychiatrists 'really' think about homosexuality when they are free of the restraints of intimidation and political pressure.  Almost simultaneously with the 1972 National Institute of Mental Health report, the New York County District Branch of the APA's Task Force on Homosexuality produced a second report. According to APA member Charles Socarides, M.D., the document concluded that "....exclusive homosexuality was a disorder of psychosexual development, and simultaneously asked for civil rights for those suffering from the disorder."   It is even more revealing to examine the results of polls of psychiatrists taken since 1973 regarding the issue of homosexual orientation.   The original "voting" letter distributed by the APA Homosexuality Task Force in 1973 was answered by only about one-quarter of the recipients, leading one to speculate that the "volunteer bias" ignored by Kinsey in his original studies led to pro-homosexual results. It is quite certain that, if 'all' of the APA members had returned their "ballots," homosexuality would have remained a mental disorder in the view of the organization.  A later series of private surveys which could be answered confidentially and without fear of retaliation showed that two-thirds of APA members psychiatrists regarded homosexuality as abnormal despite the parent organization's switch  More specifically, in 1977, four years after the APA 'switch,' the journal "Medical Aspects of Human Sexuality" revealed that it had polled 2,500 psychiatrists on their view of what "current thinking on homosexuality" was, and, by a lopsided margin of 69% to 18% (nearly four to one, with 13%undecided). the respondents answered that "Homosexuality was usually a pathological adaptation as opposed to a normal variation."  This is certainly a more accurate poll than the original APA letter because the letter was subject to all of the "volunteer bias" that self selected populations exhibit. However, by comparison, the 1977 survey was truly random, and so its results should certainly be given more weight.     courtesy of: EWTN.com
But what does it matter?   Even if you are right (and I don't for an instant believe you are). Even if homosexuals are all suffering from a 'disorder', that is a product of society that is the single cause of aids and promiscuity and the high divorce rate and whatever other bollocks gets attributed to homosexuality. Even with all these things how is it still justifiable to deny them the right to marry? Heterosexuals who exhibit all of the above have that right, so where is the difference? I am convinced homosexuals who, constantly through torts and legislation, purse institutions and societal standards to recognize their "sexuality" are in great pain. It's this driving need to justify what they know deep down is wrong and it gnaws at them like a festering wound on their soul.
There is far more to the homosexual agenda than just wanting to "normalize" same-sex unions --to understand fully what they are after, one must understand that the underlying motive of the homosexual lifestyle is a bizarre combination of rebellion and woundedness. The typical source of the "wound" that the male homosexual suffers from is usually some sort of deviant relationship with their father. It ranges from a father who is abnormally critical of their son, to a father who was simply not there for their son, either to do divorce, death, or just emotional distance. (Not to mention fathers who have forced sexual relations with their sons...)  Because of the emotional wounds received at the hands of their father, they do what they can to find acceptance and love from other males. Sadly, the line between acceptance and sex often gets blurred, and the homosexual lifestyle takes root. But due to the tremendous cultural condemnation for homosexuality, they often find themselves not only desiring male acceptance, but become "rebels without a cause" knowing that society looks down it's nose at their lifestyle. Hence, they choose to rebel against society rather than the more painful and difficult task of changing their lifestyles. In sex with other males, they find the acceptance and the love that was denied to them from their fathers; as bizarre as that sounds. Giving up that lifestyle without first healing the wound that caused it, only results in emotional pain and suffering.  If anything, this speaks to the non-negotiable need for fathers (and strong fathers at that) to be actively and positively involved in the lifes of their sons. This simple remedy, more so than anything else, does more to "prevent" homosexuality than anything else.  The attack on men, and fatherhood in particular, in our Western society, is doing more to undermine the mental and emotional health of humanity as a whole than anything else. The rebels attack that which is really the thing that will do them (and us) most good.
I do not believe that engaging in behavior that is unnatural, immoral, and dangerous both to public health and to their own health is the best thing for people with same-sex attractions.
 It seems that some people *coughmana'iacough* think that because many people from a give group have an unsavory lifestyle, that the group in question should be judged all the same. If you were going for logical reasons as to why gays shouldn't have equal rights, then you totally missed.. I mean, do I think that just because some african americans join gangs and commit crimes that none of them should be able to vote per say? Of course not. (although I wish many types of people wouldn't vote, I'd never try and enforce that) That's called discrimination. Didn't your parents teach you that's bad? Oh, that's right, although you're arguing about the gays who have promiscuous lifestyles and spread disease, you actually think any one of them is immoral. So why argue anything but why you think it's bad? Possibly.. because you know that reason means nill with most people here? The argument is that marriage does not need to be changed. it is considered an insitution for building families. We don't want to change that. Anything you want done that marriage grants you can do without marriage. There are very few exceptions. the fact is taht gays want marriage rights as a form of saying taht their behavior is acceptable and should be recognized by the government. We do nto accept that and don;t have to accept that.  Discrimination only occurs if we treat them as less which we don't. They in fac thave more rights because tehya re covered under hate crime laws.      And that earthquake stuff.. you're just an overzealous fundamentalist who, like almost all of that vareity, is always looking for signs of the end of the world. Apocalypse is like a party to you, and it disturbs me. The earthquake was not an attempt to say this si the end. It was refuting Jake's arguments so chekc the thread before you start making comments.
Unfortunately for your argument, this article has nothing to do with hetero- or homosexuality. It IS all about the benefits of frequent orgasm. Nowhere does it say that sex with a female is required to achieve these benefits. It even recommends masturbation as a means to keep your prostate healthy.    Uhhh last time I checked when the general population refers to sex its implied that it's between a man and woman. We don;lt specify my biological parents it's just implied even though there are other parents.  Also teh article was about sex including orgasms. You're making an inference but the article clearly stated it was sex.
 Nonsense. If you are secure with your own heterosexual identity, it doesn't affect you in the slightest and there is no threat to you personally. If you want to talk about things that don;t affect me directly. Stock manipulation, polygamy, prostitution, underage sex, cannibalism. I'm secure with my dietary habits so how would cannibalism affect me? I'm secure in my relationships so how would prostitution affect me? I don't make decision on trading so how ouwld stock manipuation affect me?    Again, unless you secretly long for a gay marriage, there is no threat to you. You can enter your own hetero marriage, and not have to consider being gay.  Maybe not directly but it directl;y it does as manhy lawsw preclude behavior that affect society in general. Think about how many laws affect behavior taht does nto affect us regulary or directly.
mana'ia: Your poll was one poll that is a year old. Are we going to get into another battle of poll numbers? All polls show strong acceptance of gay rights and gay marriage among those aged 34 and under, which is the future, so I am not wrong that things are changing.  Many things fall into the category of behaviour, from heterosexuality to homosexuality to cannibalism to singing a song.  It's your assertion that any hetero behaviour, simply because it is hetero behaviour, is better than any gay behaviour. That just isn't true.  The fact is taht people tend to grow mroe conservative as they grow older. As people grow older they decrease drug use, they tend to spend less time on entertainment, and generally tend to have more stable relationships. The article was tol help you understand the direction of public opinion.  Heterosexual behavior is what propels our country and society. True there are other forms of conception but they are very few and would not be practical or possible to sustain civilization.
What!?!?!?  Are you suggesting that oral sex should be banned?  Oral sex is neither homosexual or heterosexual activity. It's jsut a form of sex. Lesbians engage in many other forms besides oral.
This is the bottom line:  Marriage was a religious sacrament. It was very popular and was adopted by the government. The constitution is silent on marriage, there is no "right." If the gov't decided tomorrow to do away with marriage completly, there's nothing anyone could do about it.  The law in the US right now says that in order to recieve a marriage license, there must be one man and one woman. Some activist judges decided to interpret the word "woman" and "man" as meaning the same thing - being interchangable... which is completely false. That's the purpose two different words were used - to distuinguish a difference - to say that they are not the same, but two different things! There never was a "right" for homosexuals to marry one another. The reason that marriage is in the gov't is because it was popular and became a pilar of society. That's how the people wanted it. The argument now is this:  Gays are trying to FORCE themselves into marriage. I don't disagree with them actually being married, as long as its legal and done the right way - NOT forcing their way into the pilar of society. I am morally opposed to gay marriage, but that doesn't mean I can stop them.  If society decides that gay marriage is OK and they allow it, so be it. But right now, the majority of society opposes it. Homosexuals are trying to force their way in - and that's not the way to make friends.  Remember, they never had the right in the first place.  Let the people vote on the heterosexual marriage amendment. Some day, if society decides, it will be repealed.
 Sexual orientation is a very personal thing between adults, however.. Then don;t ask for recognition if it's so personal no one else can distinguish it.    Bull, it does, unless you aren't secure with your own heterosexual orientation. No they don't. Specify how if you can.
 How do you define beneficial here? Is there ironclad proof of a heterosexual gene? Beneficial is defined as anything that is good for the health, safetly, or moral welfare. Everything is gene specific. However heteresoexuality is inherited. Everyones that was conceived naturally had parents that engaged in heterosexual sex.      Yes, it does provide gratification. Is there something wrong with that? Masturbation is the safest form of sex there is, whether a gay person or a straight person does it.  My point is personal gratification in and of itself isn't enough to merit special recognition. Polygamist like multiple relationships, Prostitutes like to have sex for money. Gun owners would like to carry guns everywhere. However their personal gratification doesn;t benefit society and even presents dangers taht society doesn;t want to be exposed to or endangered.     No one is arguing that. There is no law against homosexual behaviour. What is your point? There was before last summer.    No one is arguing being gay isn't behaviour when put into action. Everyone who does not practice abstinance put themselves at risk.  However heterosexuality is beneficial and necessary.    I wasn't trying to distort the argument. How do you mean it's due to genetics? They must genetically practice unprotected and risky sex?  You were inferring that genetics was the cause of the problem when ti was enviroment and behavior not genes.     Lesbians do benefit society by raising families, and by having stable long-term relationships. Specific vaginal lesbian problems?  That's families not lesbian activity. Damage to vagina or genitals are genital problems.    And homophobic Iran, and many homophobic third-world countries.  You keep making assertions taht everyone that disagree with homosexuality is homophobic. Do you beleive that anyone can disagree with someone;s behavior and not have a phobia of it?
Originally Posted by mana'ia You keep making assertions taht everyone that disagree with homosexuality is homophobic. Do you beleive that anyone can disagree with someone;s behavior and not have a phobia of it?    It depends on the specific behaviour, and the reasons for the disagreement.   In otherwords, mana'ia, the answer is yes.
Well obviously you don't. I wasn't saying anything about religious people and homosexuality. My point was I find it offensive to have to listen to a tirade of how I'm damned and going to hell unless I repent every day, just as you find it offensive to see a homosexual. But just because I find it offensive does not give me the right to censer these peoples actions, in the end I just have to get over it.  Your examples are irrelevant, they are all crimes. Homosexuality isn't. End of story.  And somehow I doubt that crimes were only committed by the 'non-religious'. I hate to listen to a tirade of what I'm missing out in life (especially when studies show church goers are often healthier and happier) and how we're all facists, homophobic, haters.   My examples were crimes becasue we probably all agree that most crimes are morally wrong. I'm using it to illustrate the extreme behavior of non-religious people as you illustrated the extreme religious behavior.  Non-religious committ overwhelmiongly the majority.
You started off by saying that if it were proven genetic God would have to not be against being gay, and you would have to change your views. No that isn't how it started off. it started off by you quoting scriptures about family values. Besides you all asked me about my views about God.
The people who "make the effort" to be straight. It should not require a great deal of effort, if being heterosexual is your true sexual identity. We also may be just talking about changing behaviour, not authentic desires, not orientation. So that wouldn't be proof it is not genetic. What about poeple who struggle wiht otehr disorders? Does that mean that is their true identity and that they shouldn't try to overcome those? I mean should nudist or voyeurist give in to their true identity? Should we give legal recognition of their needs?    Not that many, and these only apply to Vermont and are not marriages. But it's steadily rising. They expect divorce rates to rise.    When comparing all gay relationships to only heterosexual marriages perhaps, as you tried to do previously? Apples and oranges. How many heterosexuals marry the first person they have a relationship with? However gays have more parteners. This is very alarming considering the pool of applicants. Even if they are different the levels of abuse can be measured equally.    You are not telling anyone anything they don't already know here. This only to prove morality is an intricate part of the law and America.    It isn't harmful. Even if it were, why do you care if you are not personally gay?  Why do I care about prositution? Why do I care about child abuse? Alcohol sales to minors? Why do I care about polygamy? Why do I care about cannibalism? It all affects society.
Joe turns on sarcasm....  "Sorry, I can't make it into work today, I am feeling a little gay. I could be in tomorrow if I feel better. It is a tough disorder, I might even have to go on disability"  Joe turns off Sarcasm....   I am sure you get the point of how silly it sounds when people call it a "disorder"!   Sorry, I can't make it into work today, I am feeling a little ADHD, seperation disorder, attachment disorder, dyslexia, etc. I could be in tomorrow if I feel better. It is a tough disorder, I might even have to go on disability"  Are those not disorders?
Actually, if you live in the state of MA, it's a full legal marriage.  Banning it would be difficult. It's a little like trying to close the barn door after some of the horses have gotten loose.  The rest of the states have to decide for themselves if they want to ban gay marriage because there wasn't enough votes on the floor of the senate to approve even considering the FMA...not by a long shot.   Why we stop the sale of cocaine, steroids, and asbestos? We also stopped the practice of slavery.
And I refute your refutations.  No you refute your inferences  You implied that the Earthquakes were not a natural thing and dinviinly caused No I didn't   Even if there is a god, any 'loving parent' that kills some of its children to make a point, when they are fully capable of just changing the issue anyway is hardly deserving of worship. Who said God killed them? For someoen that claims there is no God it's amazing how you're the expert now on the nature of God.   As for people changing, not only is that dubious anyway but not really proof of anything, there are alcoholics who recover and don't drink and that is definitely genetically influenced. You clearly have no real idea about the state of genetic research or how it works, we are nowhere near finding the purpose of everything. There doesn't appear to be one gene, but there is probably a combination that lead to a greater chance of being gay. i agree there is a disposition but that doesn't mean that they are genetically confined as the alcoholic isn't.    @Rev, Power of Attorney would be fine, but giving that there is already favouritism shown to some people, why should that favouritism be arteficailly restricted. In the interest of fairness it seems a lot easy to recognise a few more people in an existing group that abolishing it. Also not everyone shares your view on the purpose and role of a government  So why draw the line at homosexuals? Why not polygamists? Why do homosexuals deserve the right and polygamists don't? What merits do homosexuality bring that polygamy doesn't?
Err I think you meant count Yeah you know what I mean.
But what does it matter?   Even if you are right (and I don't for an instant believe you are). Even if homosexuals are all suffering from a 'disorder', that is a product of society that is the single cause of aids and promiscuity and the high divorce rate and whatever other bollocks gets attributed to homosexuality. Even with all these things how is it still justifiable to deny them the right to marry? Heterosexuals who exhibit all of the above have that right, so where is the difference? Again they have the right to marry so tehy are treated fairly. You don't agree with the argument but it is true. Just because they don't have a right they wnat doesn't mean they are denied a right. Why are prositutes denied the right to work how they want? They are being denied a right to work a field they want.
Mana'ia,  See my first response to your earthquake nonsense.  Research hey  Waxy That is the only argument you have but it isn't supported by the facts. Show me if you can that it isn't. Also you're only specualting especially after you claimed it wasn't true.
LMAO!   Waxy How old are you?
They don't grow more homophobic. Such bigoted attitudes are learned behaviour, and homophobia is a lesson being taught less and less. First off you don't know if they have homophobia you are just assuming. Second of all it's n ot a phobia it's a disagreement.     Yawn.   That's your best argument?
It was changed when legal divorce was allowed. I don't recall any requirement to have children to keep your marriage. Divorce ends someone's participation in the institution. It doesn't change the institution.
Sorry i skipped this I ddin't realize I did it  mana'ia, the studies you've posted don't take into account the many which show that the rejection and the lack of support they receive is a factor in suicide among gay and lesbian people...  Of the 10 studies, 6 explored risks for suicide by comparing attemptors and nonattemptors. They found that suicide attempts were neither universal nor attributable to homosexuality per se, but they were significantly associated with gender nonconformity,3 early awareness of homosexuality,3, 8, 11, 14 stress,12 violence,14 lack of support,8, 11, 14 school drop-out,12 family problems,8 acquaintances' suicide attempts,12 homelessness,12 and substance abuse3 or other psychiatric symptoms.6, 11, 14   Surveys large enough to examine sex differences among Minnesota15 and Massachusetts students19 found a significant association between homosexuality and suicidality in males only. Suicide risk factors such as gender nonconformity may be particularly detrimental to boys.15, 19   http://jama.ama-assn.org/cgi/content/full/282/13/1291 Remeber these are only factors. Even in the netherlands they still have higher rates even if they are more accepted.     Results. Homosexual and bisexual individuals more frequently than heterosexual persons reported both lifetime and day-to-day experiences with discrimination. Approximately 42% attributed this to their sexual orientation, in whole or part. Perceived discrimination was positively associated with both harmful effects on quality of life and indicators of psychiatric morbidity in the total sample. Controlling for differences in discrimination experiences attenuated observed associations between psychiatric morbidity and sexual orientation.   Conclusions. Higher levels of discrimination may underlie recent observations of greater psychiatric morbidity risk among lesbian, gay, and bisexual individuals.  http://www.ajph.org/cgi/content/abstract/91/11/1869  The studies showing more prevelence for mental health issues among some gays and lebians are nowhere near levels of pathology which would indicate that homosexuality itself is inherently pathological.   Suicide down, acceptance of gays and lesbians may be a factor...  http://www.advocate.com/new_news.asp?id=12745&sd=06/12/04-06/14/04 Considering you and others see non-acceptance of lifestyle as discrimination it wold make me feel paranoid too. Other disorders such as ADHD, dyslexia, and pyromania face discrimination as well. They don't ask us to make laws to enable their disorder.   Also this paranoia of homophobia cold be a considerable factor.
Tell that to someone that just got screwed out of their 401k.   Look up stock manipulation and tell me how someone got screwed out of their 401k.
My partner and I are monogamous and are committed to each other for life. We are both disease-free. How exactly are we a danger to public health or our own? Genital damage and Anal damage. Also it affects the mroal welfare.
Isn't that what they said about women voting? I can see the women now walking down the street with sign saying let us vote. The men said your trying to push your way into voting. Women can't vote.........    Isn't that what they said about inter-racial marriage? I see the mixed couples now protesting in Washington DC. The people on the sidelines saying they are trying to force this inter-racial marriage thing on us......    How is this new one different?  You're a woman or a minority no matter what you do. If you're 7 ft tall and really would liek to play basketball are you a basketball player? No not unless you actually play basketball. Homosexuality is behavior.
So is straight orientation. Many don't consider being normal personal. It's a rebuttal assumption.   I'm saying it doesn't personally affect you. Your responses are it will in some intangible way lead us down the slippery slope that destroys civilization, causes earthquakes, leads to cannibalism and barbequing cute innocent newborn orphan babies. I'm not saying slippery slop argument. I'm saying there are a lot of things that don't affect me personally such as those things. I never said killing babies but what harm would there be to me personally if someone barbequed their still born?
That is bull.... http://holysmoke.org/icr-pri.htm  And it's like those Nazi hate propaganda tactics I discussed on another thread..  That is a misleading statistic. Identifying a religon and being religious are two different things. I know for a fact that those statistics aren't true. I worked in several correctional facilities and have visited realtives in others. Those studies only point out identifying a religion not being religious which is my point. Most criminals find religion in prison or begin investigating more their religions of their family or heritage.    Parasitical Jews 1% of population, responsible for most of crime "This parasitical Jewish race is responsible for most international crime. In 1932, Jews, only 1 per cent of the world's population, accounted for ... 47 per cent of crooked games of chance - 82 percent of international crime organizations - 98 percent of prostitution." - Nazi propaganda film, "The Eternal Jew," http://www.holocaust-history.org/der-ewige-jude/stills.shtml[/QUOTE]  We all know that is propaganda like your post above.
We all know that logic is flawed, but even if it is true the question is still valid. Why shouldn't they be given the right to marry, people with disorders that will prevent them having children can marry, people with disorders that would seriously harm any child they have can marry. If a homosexual couple were free of any disease and in sounds state of mind (other than baing gay if we are using your defintion of it being a disorder) why shouldn't they marry?  People wiht disorders aren't given different tests they must till take the same exams as everyone else. Gays are asking for a different exam. You're allowed to take the same exam as us.
Young enough to enjoy a little off colored spelling mistake, and not so old as to be a boring prude with no sense of humour.   It's one thing to enjoy humor it's another to be excited by someone saying "butt" or somethingl liek that. Anyways I'm glad you ahve a sense of humor.
Really mana'ia.  You need me to look that up and explain it to you?  Do you live under a rock?  Are you that short on common sense?  Ahhhhhh, law school.    If you understand basic stock manipualtion it is the selling and buying of stock to give teh impression that there is a demand on the stock and causing peoplpe to buy and firther inflate the market and then people that buy it because of the trading are inflating the price higher and then the original manipulators sell the stocks.  The question is if you don't want to be manipualted don't base your information on the trading. Corporate scandals are not stock manipuation unless they intentionally release false information for the "intent" of manipulating prices.
 That's very broad and can be subjective. I can see how gay people in stable comitted relationships, able to look after one another, financially, emotionally, would be beneficial. That is not the case for all though. Unless we are going to qualify people's relationship then it would be basically endorsing behavior that is more detrimental than beneficial. Heterosexuality is not more detrimenatal than beneficial.   Obviously not everyone inherits heterosexuality. True many poeple do inherit heterosexuality but are socialized into homosexuality.   Heterosexuality involves personal gratification. Not always but usually. it is also for the process of procreation. It is also very healthy according to studies.    Right. Well there are no dangers to homosexuality. I can see how there would be benefits, as stated above. I don't see how religion benefits society. Should we take away religious rights? I've already shown that homosexuality is risky behavior. Those benefits are outweighed by the risks. Religion does benefit society. It has been proven prayer is healthy and religious people are more productive and less absent from work.   Yes, well there were laws on the books that were rarely enforced. In many of the states the laws could also be used against heterosexuals who had oral sex. It banned oral sex not sex.   Not necessarily in and of itself. Again, "beneficial" is a broad, subjective measure. Yes in and of itself studies have shown it is healthy for men and women to have sex. Beneficial is a broad term including many things. Self gratification if low on beneficial while health and safety are much higher.   I meant to show that heterosexuals can have problems too, depending on what they do and how they do it. I agree certain behavior is harmful like homosexuality. Heterosexuality in itself is not highly risky behavior. Promiscuity is risky behavior that is seperate from heterosexuality.   As it is with families with heterosexual parents. Their heterosexual activity in itself, does not create a good family environment. Not but families with traditional roles are much healthier with everything else equal.   Couldn't heterosexuals who do essentially the same activties also have these problems? Yes but most do not engage in that. ALso those that do engage in it rarely.   It depends on the specific behaviour, and the reasons for the disagreement. Alright. Waht behaviors and on what grounds can someone disgree and not have a fear?
So on average, you assert, heterosexuals are just better. A fantasticly simple, bigoted argument!   No I'm not asserting heterosexuals are better. I'm asserting certain behaviors are better than others.   I had no idea. Thanks for the good news. Do you think Matt Damon could be socialized into being gay? Seriously though, no one can be made gay, unless they had those desires within themselves to begin with. You know this because? How is someone that is gay going to tell people that are not theat they only can be gay if they ahve the desires within. Mnay men in prison perform homosexuality when in prison for the first time but never do it agian after they leave prison. Socialization is so complicated as are people and so no one can say for certain whos is susceptible and who is not.    Heterosexuality isn't always for personal gratification? What is it then, a duty? Perhaps for closet cases who really want to be gay, not for truely straight people.   People do it to create families. Don't you ever hear stories of people that plan out to have sex to have kids?   Very rarely. How od you know? How many times does a couple have sex before they get pregnant? I know couples that tried years before they conceived.   Healthy relationships can be healthy. Even good sex itself can be healthy. My point is then that religion is beneficial and there are less disadvantages than advantages.   No, it is not. Like anything, it depends on what you do, and how you do it.  Ask a potential sex partner about high-risk behaviors that might increase his or her risk for a blood disease (such as hepatitis B, hepatitis C, or HIV) that is transmitted by sexual contact. High-risk behaviors include intravenous (IV) drug use, anal or homosexual sex, sex with a prostitute, sex with a partner who has high-risk behaviors, or exchange of sex for money or drugs.  http://www.pamf.org/teen/healthinfo/index.cfm?page=article&sgml_id=hw195680  Most sexual activities carry a risk of transmission of sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) from gonorrhoea and herpes, to hepatitis B and HIV. There is evidence that anal intercourse carries a higher transmission risk than almost any other sexual activity. Information about these risks is given below.  http://www.netdoctor.co.uk/menshealth/facts/analsex.htm  The AIDS virus can be transmitted via any of these fluids, but only the first two -- semen and blood -- are likely to be involved. Anal sex is the most commonly perceived method of transfer, but vaginal sex has been repeatedly shown to transmit HIV. Men are less likely than women to be infected through vaginal sex, but there are recorded cases of men having been infected this way. Cunnilingus and fellatio have also been established as capable of transmitting the virus. Sexual activities, not sexual orientation, transmit the virus. http://www.stacken.kth.se/~virgin/sex/artiklar/std.html  Sexual activity transmit it. So don't act gay and you won't have the problem.    Based on your subjective measure, and on your bigotry.    There have been studies showing gay people are healthy and productive too.  The benefits are outweighed by the harm.     Oral sex is a form of sex. Yes but it is not sex. Sex is considered intercourse of man and woman.   Certain types of sex, sure. There are also studies that show it is healthy for gay people to have sex.   Yes but there are also studies that show having it harms them as well.   Give me a break. Any heterosexuals here willing to say they don't have sex primarily for self-gratification? I doubt it, if they are being honest and not hypocritical. Primarily and only are two different things.   There are many, many ways to have healthy, safe, gay sex.THey are completely safe. They might not cause harm all the time but it will still happen. Poeple having completely safe gay sex wihtout any problmes are the exceptions not the norm.    Right. However, when gays are promiscuous this is not separate from their homosexuality, right? I'm supposed to just take your biased word for it? No promiscuity is promiscuity. People don't act on their urges for moral purposes. If you wait until you're married to have sex then it is for a religious purpose. Waht religion accpets gay marraige and waiting until gay marraige? Also what gays believe in this religous practice? How many gays you know wait until they are married to live together?   They are the same. THat it make a conclusory statement without any evidence or any general knowledge existing about that.    Oral and/or anal sex? So what, they do. Lesbians generally engage in the least risky of all sexual activities, in most cases. So should they only be allowed to be married? Lesbians engage in vaginal fisting as well.  Homophobia is actually generally understood as the politically correct term to describe a plain old bigot or hatemonger. So when we call you "homophobic", we are being kind and generous to you, even if you do not deserve it. Nno homophobia is generally know as afraid of homosexuals. Bigot is known as someone that generally has a hate towards a group because of a characteristic. I don't deserve either term. You need to use correct terms when referring to poeple.
On the issue of same sex marriage, a few things need clarified. Marriage is a legal contract, the lack of which does NOT render any sexual union illegal. Homosexuality is not prohibited under current law. What is being discussed is whether benefits and protections for married couples should be extended to include same sex couples by allowing them to marry.  Another point that has been discussed before is the notion that if you grant same sex couples the "right" to marry then such a "right" in principle has to be granted to incestuous couples as well. If this is troubling to gay marriage advocates then they will come up with some rationalization as to why gays have such a right while other "non-traditional" couples don't. I can't see getting around this one.  Perhaps an analogy will suffice to make a point. Suppose I choose to drive on the left side of the road and a cop tickets me for a traffic violation. Am I entitled to equal protection under the law for my driving preference? Don't left side drivers have the same rights as right side drivers?
Homosexuals have the same rights as I do. They cannot marry a person of the same sex. I cannot marry a person of the same sex. The laws apply the same to all people hetro or homo.
The difference is that you actually get to marry someone you love and are attracted to.   That still does'nt change the why laws apply to either of us. If I loved or was attracted to a man, I still could not marry him. Hence the laws apply the same to Hetro and Homos.
Apparently you are serious.  I think I'll leave this one alone based on your tone.  Waxy Tone? I wasn't aware of any tone. Just trying to state the facts.
Great, so we all live under the same laws. You've made a very minor point. Just because a homosexual may marry someone of the opposite sex does not suddenly justify keeping them from marrying a person of the opposite sex.  The question has no semblance to "Can we do something they can't?" Rather, it is a question that questions the justness and liberty in a part of our particular laws. Can we really keep a man from marrying a man, or a woman from marrying a woman? Disregarding the arguments from religion, should these laws on same-sex marriage remain?  'Rouge According to the polls I've seen the majority of Americans are happy with the laws as they are. I tend to agree.
Now I know why NASA is exprorling Mars. :xcensored
I seem to remember at one point when a majority of Americans did not mind the laws of seperate-but-equal, and before that the pro-slavery laws. Did that make them just? Did that make it ok? If a majority of Americans suddenly decided it'd be an OK to have a law allowing parents to kill their angsty teenage children would that suddenly make the law an OK law? I don't think so, and I don't think too many will disagree with me.  'Rouge Here in America if the majority wants it, the majority gets it. You don't have to agree or like it, but you do have to deal with it.
Oh, I see. So America does not care for the rights of the people? America cares only for the opinion of the majority? Hrm, that's funny. I fail to remember learning that part in all my US history classes. When did the founding fathers say that? Where in the Constitution, the Declaration of Independence, or the Bill of Rights might I find such a notion?  'Rouge Americans elect representatives that go to DC and introduce bills that later either do or don't get made into laws. They do if all the reps vote for them. They don't if all the reps vote against them. Currently all the reps that wse put there are voting against gay marrige. The reason they are doing so is because they like their jobs. We, the people that put them there, would vote them out if they vote into law a bill that the majority dislikes. Hence the majority rules.
Look, the simple fact is that the country is going to hell in a handbasket. (Can I say that on this site?) The reason we can't allow gay marriage, IMHO, is simple: Moral decay. This week it is gay marriage. Next week it will be marrying your sister. The following week it will be marrying your goat. Don't tell me it won't happen, it will. You say that only a reasonable adult with normal thinking capacities can legally get a marriage certificate. The people who want to allow gay marriage are the same people who will push their agenda onto the rest of us every chance they get! Take for example the guy that wants "Under God" removed from the pledge. He is forcing the rest of us to comply with HIS views. It is going to erase every ideal from our value system.  Will gay marriage hurt me? Probably not. It is what's coming after we allow it that scares me!  STU
I don't begrudge two people loving each other, especially in a committed relationship. My point is that if we allow this to happen (gay marriage), that the next step will be to allow other types of relationships that are obviously   wrong- incestuous, bestiality, polygamy, etc. I'm just saying that moral lines begin to fade when we let everyone have their own way...
First of all, homosexuality and bestiality are in no way similar, and therefore are not comparable to each other. The thought that homosexuals marrying will "degrade the institution of marriage" to me, is largely baseless and founded on ignorance. When you say that homosexuals cannot marry, think, "Who am I to tell these people who they can and cannot marry?" Some people who I have talked to have said that homosexuality is a destructive lifestyle and they are pushing their agenda upon the normal, hard-working, god-fearing heterosexuals in our country. What a load! The part of homosexuality that they refer to is the side that we most commonly see; the gay bars, the promiscuity, etc... Why, if this is so harmful, would you ever want to keep these people from settling down, and abandoning this lifestyle? Why would you ever want to keep that harmful stereotype alive? It completely and utterly fails me.  Okay, I agree that everyone should be able to settle down with someone they love and want to spend the rest of their lives with. I am trying to say that if gay marriage is allowed, it will be viewed as a 'concession' and the logical consequences are people that want something more. Suppose gay marriage is just not quite enough for you. You want more. You have gotten a concession from society, now you have alot more ammunition to push WHATEVER agenda onto the public you choose to. I never said bestiality or incest were related in any way to homosexuality. I don't believe that they are. I believe that certain deviates will fight for their right to do those things based on the consessions of our government.  To make an example of my views- not trying to hijack this thread- I use the NRA's fight. Consider- whether you are pro or against gun ownership is irrelevent here, I only make an example- the NRA has been fighting gun control since its inception, right? Well it took me a long time to realize why they are so fervently fighting bans on assault weapons. Then it hit me: If they make any concession at all, they are going to lose the fight- one small concession at a time- until there are not only no assualt weapons allowed, but no hand-guns, and then, since they caved on that issue, there would be no more rifles for hunting, then, guess what! No more BB guns or pellet guns used for target shooting. And then, as long as we're here, we might as well take away your right to own a sling shot, or a bow and arrow... or a knife!!  Now, let's look again at the gay marriage issue... So you are allowed to marry someone of the same sex. That fight is over, now we have ammunition to use when we say "I don't like the saying 'In God We Trust' on my money, and I want the government to change it." Well, that was an easy fight, now I want absolutely every mention of God or religion of any kind removed from tv and radio. Wow, these fights are getting easier every day! Let's try legalizing pot, because it only hurts the one smoking it! (I don't really believe that). Let's make not only partial birth abortion legal, let's make abortion legal no matter how young you are or how far along you are! let's kill newborn babies- what's the difference, 30 seconds?  Extreme? I don't think so.   STU (sorry about the rant)
"I see much more logic in that chain of events than your hypothetical one. Do you understand what I'm saying?"  Apparantly, you don't understand what I am saying. Please go back and read my posts. At NO TIME  did I ever say that any of those other acts was in ANY WAY  related to homosexual behavior. I simply said that those people who wish to commit those acts would have ammunition in their fight to make the acts legal.   STU
What ammunition would they have? How would our marriage give them ammunition?  Some people will jump on their soapbox at the drop of a hat. They are extremists. All I am trying to say is that changing the marriage laws would weaken the views of what is acceptible behavior. All I'm saying is that somebody, somewhere is going to ask the question, "If they can be married, why can't I have.... (Fill in the blank)?" I guess I'm just saying that it could open up flood gates, that's all.
I have to ask the question of what's in a name? Do you need the term "married" to express your love? Can what love truly is be expressed in any words, or are we arrogant in that we think we can take such a beautiful emotion and put it into a box word? How foolish. Marriage is nothing more than a word. If there were no such thing as marriage, then love would still exist. My parents would still be man and wife in front of God even if there was no flimsy piece of paper that said so. Do they want marriage in front of man, or marriage in front of God, because you can have marriage before man, because as the world is proving more and more every day, that is nothing more than saying "I do until the latest thing comes along". So if gays were given the same union, but with a different name, why is that so horrible? Why is the word "married" so important? What is in a name?
In the US it has to do with money, property, and other material things. That is why the "marriage" part is so important - not the "love" thing. If it wasn't I bet it wouldn't get a second glance.  Sad, but true.  But why can't they be content in another term besides marriage that has all the same benefits as marriage? That's my point.
If marriage is just a word, why would heterosexuals care if homosexuals can marry or not? Its quite apparant that homsexuals wants to have the same choice in the matter of marriage as heterosexuals so if heterosexuals doesn`t care, why just don`t let them have that choice?  Well, there are a couple of reasons. In the Christian sense of the word, homosexuals are not included. Period. Unless you're a Methodist. Second, heterosexuals don't want to be compared to homosexuals (think of the snooty socialites who go to snooty socialite events. Do you think they want their gay neighbor showing off their new gay spouse?). Maybe they think it will devalue the institution of marriage- or the neighborhood.   I'm sure there are arguments that health care costs will go up as a result, too, but I don't know what those arguments might be.  STU
I have to ask the question of what's in a name? Do you need the term "married" to express your love? Can what love truly is be expressed in any words, or are we arrogant in that we think we can take such a beautiful emotion and put it into a box word? How foolish. Marriage is nothing more than a word. If there were no such thing as marriage, then love would still exist. My parents would still be man and wife in front of God even if there was no flimsy piece of paper that said so. Do they want marriage in front of man, or marriage in front of God, because you can have marriage before man, because as the world is proving more and more every day, that is nothing more than saying "I do until the latest thing comes along". So if gays were given the same union, but with a different name, why is that so horrible? Why is the word "married" so important? What is in a name?  Some people, myself included, believe that marrige is more than just a word or flimsy piece of paper. Some of us see it as a commitment. A promise that we have pleged to keep thru thick or thin.  Lets not forget that half of the marriges DO NOT end in divorce. Half of todays society can not be trusted to keep their word, true. That does not mean that all hope for future marrige is lost.
Some people, myself included, believe that marrige is more than just a word or flimsy piece of paper. Some of us see it as a commitment. A promise that we have pleged to keep thru thick or thin.  Lets not forget that half of the marriges DO NOT end in divorce. Half of todays society can not be trusted to keep their word, true. That does not mean that all hope for future marrige is lost.   It is only a word, and only has meaning from the emotion put in behind it. If for some reason, marriage did not have that underlying context to you, it would be as meaningful as any other word pulled out of the dictionary. Love is love, and I, (as a heterosexual, belief based man) do not need the word marriage to give myself that feeling of commitment and dedication, nor my unwavering love to my significant other.   You can't really look at this from just a political view, because the idea of marriage is one that goes beyond political and into something spiritual. For many, it is a moral debate, one that is rooted too deeply for it to be overcome with the simple question "why not?".
It is only a word, and only has meaning from the emotion put in behind it. If for some reason, marriage did not have that underlying context to you, it would be as meaningful as any other word pulled out of the dictionary. Love is love, and I, (as a heterosexual, belief based man) do not need the word marriage to give myself that feeling of commitment and dedication, nor my unwavering love to my significant other.   You can't really look at this from just a political view, because the idea of marriage is one that goes beyond political and into something spiritual. For many, it is a moral debate, one that is rooted too deeply for it to be overcome with the simple question "why not?".  I disagree wholeheartedly. I am not a religous man nor do I think marrige has anything to do with politics. My marrige was neither of the former. It was however a commitment made in front of our families and friends to stand by one another regardless. That commitment holds a much higher level than a commitment made in passing over diner or in front of the television with no one else around.  You can write it off all you want. There is nothing that you can say to diminish the sugnificants of my marrige. Before meeting my wife I lived with three different women. The relationships I had with those women in no way compares to the one I have with my wife.   I believe the half of the population that lives thru and with divorce is made up of people like yourself. If you don't believe in marrige then don't get married, but don't dismiss all marriges as a farse. There are people that still believe in keeping their word, people that enjoy commitment in their lives, people that appreciate the union of marrige.
Yep, and some of them are 'homos'.  Waxy  Were you affended by my abriviation?
I disagree wholeheartedly. I am not a religous man nor do I think marrige has anything to do with politics. My marrige was neither of the former. It was however a commitment made in front of our families and friends to stand by one another regardless. That commitment holds a much higher level than a commitment made in passing over diner or in front of the television with no one else around.  You can write it off all you want. There is nothing that you can say to diminish the sugnificants of my marrige. Before meeting my wife I lived with three different women. The relationships I had with those women in no way compares to the one I have with my wife.   I believe the half of the population that lives thru and with divorce is made up of people like yourself. If you don't believe in marrige then don't get married, but don't dismiss all marriges as a farse. There are people that still believe in keeping their word, people that enjoy commitment in their lives, people that appreciate the union of marrige.  Hahahaha!! Sorry, but you seem to be missing the point of my argument. I DO BELIEVE IN MARRIAGE. That pretty much sums it up. And because of my beliefs and why I believe what I do, I DO OPPOSE GAY MARRIAGE. I'll stand by that, and I'll back it up. In the context of what you're saying though, I do believe in commitment, I do believe in devotion and I do believe that the idea of marriage would still be the same if it wasn't called marriage but, let's say, hatred. If hate meant love, I hate my girlfriend. If hatred means marriage, then I want to be bound to her through hatred one day. Just because I change the word doesn't change the underlying principles and values of the emotion. And do me a favor, ok, and don't assume that you think you know what I support and don't, especially when it comes to divorce and implying that it's people like me who are the reason for divorce. On the contrary, it's people like me who abhor the idea of divorce, thank you. So please don't label me until you understand what I am saying.
Hahahaha!! Sorry, but you seem to be missing the point of my argument. I DO BELIEVE IN MARRIAGE. That pretty much sums it up. And because of my beliefs and why I believe what I do, I DO OPPOSE GAY MARRIAGE. I'll stand by that, and I'll back it up. In the context of what you're saying though, I do believe in commitment, I do believe in devotion and I do believe that the idea of marriage would still be the same if it wasn't called marriage but, let's say, hatred. If hate meant love, I hate my girlfriend. If hatred means marriage, then I want to be bound to her through hatred one day. Just because I change the word doesn't change the underlying principles and values of the emotion. And do me a favor, ok, and don't assume that you think you know what I support and don't, especially when it comes to divorce and implying that it's people like me who are the reason for divorce. On the contrary, it's people like me who abhor the idea of divorce, thank you. So please don't label me until you understand what I am saying.  I'm missing how this has anything to do with gay marrige.  The point you've made can apply to anything. Doritos could be called Cheetos, but they would still be a corn chip. So how does that apply to our conversation? I appoligize for affending you. I thought you were dismissing the validity of marrige when you called it a flimsy piece of paper.
In my opinion, they are different. I still stand by my theory (based on hypothalmus variations) that it's still a genetic disorder.  Check this out. http://www-2.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs.cmu.edu/user/scotts/bulgarians/nature-nurture/levay.html
If a heterosexual wanted to marry a person of the same sex, would they not then be considered a homosexual, and then be devoid of the right to marry that person? Last I knew, heterosexuals do not want to marry members of the same sex. Thus, your entire point is moot. If a heterosexual ever want to let see here a hommo of the same sex. Yes that would make that person a hommo. And I would not hope a heterosexual would want to marry a hommo. emoticon_xhoho
Nope. If someone finds out you are gay and in the military, you will be dishonorably discharged. Here are some other things that hetrosexuals can do that homosexuals can't under federal law:  file joint tax returns with their life partner Assumption of Spouse&#8217;s Pension  Bereavement Leave Immigration  Insurance Breaks  Medical Decisions on Behalf of Partner  Sick Leave to Care for Partner  Social Security Survivor Benefits  Sick Leave to Care for Partner  Tax Breaks  Veteran&#8217;s Discounts  Visitation of Partner in Hospital or Prison  Now, now...there was recently a male who got an honorable discharge after "coming out".  ...and what would be wrong with "partnered for life" instead of "married" as a term to define a legal union between two homosexuals? Such a union could be given the same rights as married couples, but wouldn't have to be called "married". What's wrong with that?
The Massachusetts Supreme Court considered that. Their decision was that "seperate but equal" has been historicaly shown to not work. If you create a special class for one group of citizens, they become second class citizens, regardless of what their nominal rights are.  Could not the same argument be applied to women's rights? Men and women are not equal, but should have equal rights. We have separate but nearly equal public toilet facilities.  We have separate laws the apply to selected areas.  We have civil rights laws that apply to selected races.  We have headstart laws that apply to selected income levels.  Why can't we have a law the affords same sex partners the same benefits that married couples have?
JT,  Which civil rights laws apply to selected races?  The "Quota" rules for admission to colleges.
The "Quota" rules for admission to colleges.  Don't forget the programs that the military has to promote more non-white officers. One was called BOOST (Brodened Opportunity for Officer Selection and Training) and was geared toward Blacks. And weren't Affirmative Actions laws put in place for this reason, too?  As far as being Dishonorably Discharged from the military, it isn't the norm. It may be an administrative discharge, or it may be Honorable. It depends on the circumstances. (If you get caught engaging in a homosexual act, for instance)
Hello all. I am new here.  I've been lurking a bit and wondered why homosexuality is even an issue for heteros? Is it because it's been hated or "taboo" for so long (a learned reaction perhaps)? As a heterosexual, how has homosexuality hurt or affected your life in any way? As a heterosexual, what gives you the right to dictate how homosexual people live?  What if you have a non-christian living here in America (that would be me)...do you require them to live their lives the Christian way? Please explain.  Thanks, Ladywolf  PS: To my fellow homos, is this board really as hostile as I've seen here? There is an awful lot of hate from heterosexuals than I've ever been exposed to before.  First off worldwide Christians are the most tolerant.  In other Islamic, Jewish, Hindu, Shinto, Buddist, and every other religous country homosexualtiy is not tolerated. You only see homosexuality mainly in Christian majority countries.  Also it affects us becaue we need to draw a line between what we find acceptable in society. We as a scoiety determine if pornography, public nudity, drug use, and all other activity is acceptable to us as a society.   How does pornography use affect me if I never use it? How does bigamy or polygamy affect me? How does stock manipulation affect me? How does prayer in school affect me if I choose not to participate? There is no behavior that doesn't affect us in some way. Society is affected by all behavior either in good ways or bad.
The more we seek to redefine marriage, and chip away at God's original design for the home, the more we put our families and our nation at risk. This debate about gay marriage is really just the latest outgrowth of a culture that for decades has been drifting from biblical standards of truth and morality. The sexual revolution, for example, sought to bring legitimacy to sex outside of marriage. The women's liberation movement worked to revolutionize the roles of men and women in marriage and in our society. Throw in a rising emphasis on materialism and personal happiness, and you end up with a dramatically new way of looking at marriage. When millions of Americans view marriage from the mindset of "What's in it for me?" concepts like responsibility, self-sacrifice, and lifelong commitment become secondary. Is it any wonder that our divorce rate is so high? Or that the number of children born outside of marriage continues to rise? Or that an increasing number of couples are opting to live together instead of marrying? And now the push for gay marriage seeks to redefine marriage even further. From the moment God created marriage, it was designed with a man and woman in mind. God designed two sexes male and female-He did not create four sexes. Homosexual marriage cannot fulfill God's purposes for marriage.I realize we are not all Christians here. However, this issue of gay marriage transends all of society and it will have a negative effect on all of us. JMHO.
I support gay rights but sorry I don't agree. I think the majority here support gay rights (not necessarily marriage). This board tends to be more liberal than conservative.  I thought in poll after poll we found this board to be more conservative than liberal.  Even conservatives don't wish to oppress gay people. Sure they are not in favor of gay marriage and wish to keep in with the more traditional definition of marriage but that is not to say that they are going to take away their fundamental rights.
Like the "pursuit of happiness"? Many other criminals beleive they ahve a right to pursue their happiness. We however decide what behavior is right and what is wrong despite what makes you happy.
Like the "pursuit of happiness"?  And we are preventing this how?
Hi Ladywolf,  I am also new here. I am normal (straight), and I am a christian. I don't hate homos because I have pity for them. Let me explain.  I see how there are 3 groups of homos, and it also relates to other people as well, like drug addicts, etc.  1st group - they are homos, and live with their partners and are faithful to their partners (like you are), but they don't show off and often times you don't even realize that these 2 persons are gays.  2d group - a person is gay and he realizes that it is not normal, that it is a perversion, and he's trying to deal with it.  3d group - a person is a gay and he's proud of it, he's showing it off, goes to gay parades, leads TV shows, organizes gay websites and is actively promoting gay lifestyle.  Okay, in all 3 cases a person is gay. In cases 1 and 2, his own lifestyle more or less is not affecting me. Right, these people can be very good and have virtues, and be otherwise morally good people, but they are gay, that's their problem, and they know they are different so they try to deal with it or at least not show it off.  Now, 3d case is what we see everywhere, and we see more and more of it each year. This is becoming a problem. This is sick. I don't see parades for hetero families. I wish they were, though. But the fact that there are gay parades prove to me that this group of people active and want to challenge the society. Nobody would be that antagonistic to them if they didn't show off like that and actively display their sexual orientation. That's what causing the counteraction.   So what's the problem with you, gays? Why do you want to propagade your lifestyle and why do you impose your thinking on everyone? If you just lived your life and didn't make it a big deal, like heteros don't make it a big deal, maybe you'd have less resistance.  As for christian tolerance -- maybe you have a misconception of what it is for christians. There's no tolerance to sin. But there's love for the person. I say that I agree to talk with gays and be around with them, and if they asked me for help (other then help directly related to they gay actions), I'd render help as to any other person, but no, I would never agree with the concept of homosexuality, and I judge it, because I have this right. I don't condemn you, but I am telling you -- return to the human nature.
You gave the explanation in your own post. You, and bigots like you, can "deal" with gays as long as they stay in the closet and you don't even have to acknowledge they exist. But if they should slip up and, say, hold hands in public, then out comes the outrage, the firings, the baseball bats. I don't know how old you are, but not too long ago in some parts of America, being seen holding hands with another man was as good as a death sentence. Clearly this had to change, and wishful thinking from inside the closet wasn't going to do it. Thus, Gay Pride Parades. If you don't like them, you have only yourself to blame. If you showed as much tolerance for gays as you do for hets, the parades woudln't be neccesary. As long as people like you get on your soapboxes and rant about the evils of sodomy, the parades will continue. The choice is yours. America has better things to be proud of then gay parades. And so with your life. There are things you can be proud of and some you shouldn't be proud of. I know there is a lot of rage. I don't excuse it and don't say that it's right, but one reason, is that it is a reaction to morals decay.
If you loved a person of a different race but were prevented from marrying by law, would you think that denied your right to the "pursuit of happiness"? Same thing IMO. Sir, that is different. There is nothing wrong with loving or marrying a person of a different race. Don't mux flies with the soup, so to say.
"Other" criminals? Being gay isn't illegal. And since it isn't illegal then yes, people do have a right to pursue it, even though it doesn't make you happy. That's why we have to have gay rights gauarenteed, to keep people like you from saying "This makes me uncomfortable, so you have to stop doing it." Well having sex with minors in some states is illegal in all cases and some states its not. So in the states it's criminal they shouldn't pursue it and the states where it's legal they should pursue it for happiness reasons. Also prostituition is legal in a state and all others it's illegal shoudl I be denied the right to happiness in my state becasue it's illegal?
If you loved a person of a different race but were prevented from marrying by law, would you think that denied your right to the "pursuit of happiness"? Same thing IMO. It isn't an issue of pursuit of happines it was an issue of equality.  Black man right to marry black woman  White man right to marry white woman  Same right no  Straight man right ot marry woman  Gay man right to marry woman  Same right yes  This is not an issue of pursuit of happines. If something makes us happy that isn't legal it shoudl be given to us? WHat about prostituion that is leal in Nevada? Shouldn't all men have that right?
Hello all. I am new here.  I've been lurking a bit and wondered why homosexuality is even an issue for heteros? Is it because it's been hated or "taboo" for so long (a learned reaction perhaps)? As a heterosexual, how has homosexuality hurt or affected your life in any way? As a heterosexual, what gives you the right to dictate how homosexual people live?  What if you have a non-christian living here in America (that would be me)...do you require them to live their lives the Christian way? Please explain.  Thanks, Ladywolf  Well Ladywolf, that is really more of an argument than it is an honest question. If marriage was truly a private affair that impacted nobody outside the couple themselves, then, yes, that question would be valid. But that is a very shallow understanding and a very uninformed understanding of the nature of marriage, because marriage is just as much - if not more so - about the community as it is about the couple themselves.   But it's not the community that gets married.  No, it's not the community that gets married, but it's the community that enforces marriage and develops marriage. We need to understand that marriage is just as much a social norm - a social ideal - of the kind of behavior that we expect and need for a healthy vibrant society; as much as it is about the emotional commitment of two people.  One of the biggest issues is the social role of marriage. Marriage domesticates men. Men who are not attached permanently to a woman are men that will practice and engage in socially unhealthy behaviors at a much higher level.   How will same-sex marriage effect the concept of "marriage"? Marriage becomes reduced down to nothing, because the moral argument for same-sex marriage is the same moral argument for group marriage, for polygamy, and it is going to be impossible to deny polygamous groups - and group marriage people - who come forth in all sincerity and say, "If you can't restrict marriage to only couples of opposite sex, then you can't restrict marriage to only two people." They are all very much interwoven.  The three things that you lose are: 1) the domesticating influence of marriage on men; 2) the protective influence of marriage upon women from being victimized and objectified by men; and 3) it provides mothers and fathers for children.   When monogamy is lost as an ideal, the idea that a man should commit himself and forego all other sexual relationships but (the one with) his wife, then women become commodities to be used and collected by men. When committing yourself to a woman and subjugating your sexual desires for the sake of that woman - when that becomes just one lifestyle choice among many, it is devastating to a culture.  Same-sex "marriage" also denies every child it touches access to either a mother or father. It is never compassionate to intentionally deny a child either a mother or father.
Maybe the ones that are against it so much have no one in their lives that have come out of the closet... It would be interesting to see what would happen to their reasoning then. I think those of us who support gay marriage, either know someone, really believe in the pursuit of happiness, or just realize it is none of anyone's business what anyone does. "Don't you interfere with my family and I won't interfere with yours." I'm sorry, but what gay activists really want is a new national policy saying that no longer is a mom and a dad any better than two moms or two dads. That policy would turn some very important principles upside down:  Marriage would become merely an emotional relationship that is flexible enough to include any grouping of loving adults. If it is fair for two men or two women to marry, why not three, or five, or 17? The terms "husband" and "wife" would become merely words with no meaning.  Parenthood would consist of any number of emotionally attached people who care for kids. "Mother" and "father" would become only words.  Gender would become nothing. The same-sex proposition cannot tolerate the idea that any real, deep and necessary differences exist between the sexes. It must rest on a "Mister Potato Head theory" of gender difference (same core, just interchangeable body parts). If real differences did exist, then men would need women and women would need men. Our children would learn that sexual differences are like mere personality types. Wait until your kids start bringing those papers home from school.
.....And...also, look at the fact that..despite people's beliefs, America is not the most liberal of countries.   Who has ever stated that the US is the most liberal of countries? It surely isn't...thank God. We still have a ways to go before we are fully-Socialized.  Other places are doing a far better job of making things more free for their citizens. Quite a few parts of the European world have had Gay marriage for a long time, without ill results. Heck, Look at Denmark. A magazine ( I believe Time) rated Denmark as one of the least corrupt countries in the world. They have lower crime, and are more likely to slam companies for dishonesty, and work to keep their people equal. They also have gay marriage and protect their rights. If America truly wants to tout itself as land of the free, it best start comparing itself to the countries doing a better job of it before bragging.  A Cynical American.  Tell me, are you and your Danish husband living in the US or Denmark? Do they still have mandatory military conscription in Denmark? Why is their GDP growth amongst the world's worst at 0.3%? Why don't the citizens have any say in two of the three branches of government? The Executive Branch is a monarchy and the Judicial Branch is composed of life-long judges appointed by the monarch. I think that you should look for a better example of the "land of the free". emoticon_rolleyes
Why do you care so much if gay people are proud of being theirselves? If they want to have a parade it's their right! Its the same thing when people have a march for the right to use weed. Many people don't like it but its their right! There's nothing wrong for being proud for being yourself! Blue Yearly efforts to find pride in the gay lifestyle portray a lack of inner peace. The constant demand for acceptance also illustrates this. The public cannot be forced to accept homosexuality.  Gay activists are like a freight train out of control, running over everyone and anyone in their paths, desperately seeking and desiring one thing: acceptance of their sin. Gay activists feel they can wipe out "homophobia" in one generation - by deceiving and desensitizing this generation now. "Gay Day" events are one way they are doing this very thing.
I guess Santa has no inner peace either, he has a parade every damn year. The public cannot be forced to accept Santa.  :xbanghead The "public" has a right not to have a gay's "sexuality" to be flaunted in front of them (like a gay day events). There are also activities that go far beyond "expression of love" at these gay day events. Open mouth kissing, groping and fondling one another just to name a few. Families and children should not have to view this kind of repulsive activity. If they want to make the choice to do these things in private, fine. Gay day events are not necessary.
First of all how do you know it's a sin? Because the bible says so? Well I'm sorry but I don't believe everything I read. And I don't believe everything in the bible mainly because it was written by like 50 different people. It wasn't written by God himself. And no you can't make people accept homosexuality and their will be people that will never accept it. I see nothing wrong with 2 people being in love and wanting to share that. It's a beautiful thing when 2 people are in love. And I think everyone should butt out and let people live their lifes! Life is to short for all this non sense. Blue Homosexual marriage will always be an abomination to God. When God calls something unholy, man cannot make it holy or bless it. Granting same-sex couples a license to marry will not create true marriage. Neither two men nor two women can become one flesh. Licensing the unnatural does not make it natural. It would be a state-sanctioned counterfeit, a sham and a fraud. Homosexual sex is dangerous and destructive to the human body and powerless for human reproduction.
Are you stating this based on personal experience?  Have you done any actual research on the subject to prove that someone should take your statement as anything but an unfounded personal opinion?  In other words, can you back this up with some facts?  Waxy Homosexual intercourse is clearly forced. Unlike the vagina, the anus is not self-lubricating, so an artificial lubricant must be used. The vagina is self-cleansing, while the anus is a filthy wasteland of bacteria. The anus exists to excrete fecal matter from the body; it should be apparent to any reasonable thinker that the anus ought not be used as a receptacle for a penis. Is it any wonder that the rate of sexually-transmitted diseases among those who engage in homosexual sex is many times greater than among those who engage in natural sex.
Excuse me, but to who's God? Your god? that's great. I'm positively thrilled that your god hates homosexuals, but that has nothing, and I repeat, NOTHING to do with the rest of us. Your god says its "unholy." So what! Maybe my god thinks its the best thing since sliced bread! We have seperation of church and state for a reason, people! emoticon_xkill Homosexuality is immoral.   My morals have no more validity than those of the relativist, because we are both human, both fallible and of a limited perspective. Nor do the shared beliefs of a majority of people dictate morality. If nine of ten people find murder an acceptable practice, that does not make it so. The source of moral judgment must lie outside of humanity, it must be changeless, and of an infinite perspective.   For the Christian, that authority is the God whose will is expressed through the Bible and the traditions of the Church - both of which expressly condemn homosexuality. None of the world's major religions approve of homosexuality. For the nonreligious, the highest source of authority is the natural law. Homosexuality transgresses natural law by subverting the propagation of the species. The consequences of transgressing natural law are often obvious; if you touch fire, you will be burned. Surely, the long list of diseases associated with homosexuality is evidence of causation.   America must never allow this unnatural, unhealthy and immoral life style to become normalized.
Unnatural? 450 species willfully practice homosexulity, many of them our close relatives. Unhealthy? Unforuntely I must give you this one. And Immoral? because you say so? ;) The homosexual community seizes upon scanty evidence to justify something because they want it justified, not because they've examined the evidence carefully. They'll say animals practice homosexuality. How do they know that? Because they have seen male animals mounting other males, smelling each others rectums, or licking each others genital area. They will exclaim, "See? It's obvious: homosexuality is natural." First, one must remember animals such as dogs also mount sofas, trees, and even your the leg. This is not homosexual behavior but this is auto-eroticism. Second, the only way one could show this behavior was homosexual is if one could demonstrate that the animal was desiring the male gender of the animal he was mounting. One can't conclude from the observed activity alone that any animal has homosexual desires. This is just another example of a hasty judgment. Third, animals either in playful antics, stressful conditions such as captivity, or in dominance behavior to assert hierarchy engage in perceived homosexual behavior. Male animals mount other males in a a very powerful way to communicate a higher position in the "pecking order". Fourth, every time you bring a female which is in heat into a situation, suddenly the male-male behavior is abandoned in favor of the female.Edited to add: Animals sometimes kill their young, roll in or eat excrement, have intercourse with numerous partners, and some engage in cannibalism. Man knows right from wrong and is not on the same level with the animal kingdom. If there were genuinely homosexual lions prowling the Serengheti or homosexual mountain gorillas gorging on bamboo, you can be sure we would have seen them in action on public television. 
If this is the future for this country, I do not want to be part of it. emoticon_ic
Obviously you wouldn't like it. Heaven forbid equal rights. Heaven forbid tolerance. Heaven forbid actually treating people you don't like as HUMAN.   Where do we cut the line off at? Do we just let all groups of people do what they want to and appease them? Are we going to allow people to marry more than 1 person? Are we going to allow relatives to get married?
Well, as Jaaman see it, Heaven does forbid it!  I myself am getting worried, look at Virgina. They have enacted law that stops even relationship contracts and healthcare for gays and lesbians. If that were to happen in my state, my parter would loose his healthcare because it is from my work. (He is self-employed). I read where people will just move to states where they feel accpeted, then others will move to states with laws that agree with their beliefs. Soon we will be a divided country.   If he believes heaven forbids it, that's his belief. I live in Virginia and am happy about what they are doing. They don't stop healthcare for gays/lesbians. They stop it for gay/lesbian "spouses". Why should they offer healthcare to someone who isn't legally married to them? That's like me expecting to get healthcare from my nextdoor neighbor, who is a guy. "Parterns" generally don't get healthcare benefits, unless the partner is a spouse.
That is the point. They are not neighbors, there are in a relationship and would get married if they could. I know my partner and I would! But despite your fancy wording they did stop Gay Partner Benefits. Hundreds lost there healthcare, now those people will take their tax money and leave Va. most likely to go to Mass. where they can have healthcare. And those in Mass who disagree with gay marriage may move to Va. Again, soon we will be a divided nation.   Healthcare usually applies to spouses. Therefore, if it is illegal for gays to marry in VA, he gets no healthcare. It's a fairly simple law to understand. It works the same way with a straight guy who has a girlfriend...she doesn't get healthcare provided by his job. I hope the gays who are upset with VA leave. It will cause less havoc in the state.
Where do we cut the line off at? Do we just let all groups of people do what they want to and appease them? Are we going to allow people to marry more than 1 person? Are we going to allow relatives to get married?  You forgot marry their dogs.
Healthcare usually applies to spouses. Therefore, if it is illegal for gays to marry in VA, he gets no healthcare. It's a fairly simple law to understand. It works the same way with a straight guy who has a girlfriend...she doesn't get healthcare provided by his job. I hope the gays who are upset with VA leave. It will cause less havoc in the state.  Which part about not allowing them to become spouses don't you get? The straight guy can marry his girlfriend so she gets the benefits.
Which part about not allowing them to become spouses don't you get? The straight guy can marry his girlfriend so she gets the benefits.   And the point is, in VA gays can't get married, therefore they can't share their gay lover's healthcare. Simple as that. Hopefully gay marriages will be outlawed everywhere so we don't have to continue to hear them bitch and moan about healthcare.   If a man has a girlfriend, do you believe she is entitled to get healthcare from his job?
And the point is, in VA gays can't get married, therefore they can't share their gay lover's healthcare. Simple as that. Hopefully gay marriages will be outlawed everywhere so we don't have to continue to hear them bitch and moan about healthcare.   If a man has a girlfriend, do you believe she is entitled to get healthcare from his job? Actually if they cohabitate for a prescribed period of time or have children together I would say yes. Commonlaw as it were.
You don't see protesters walking around going "I wanna marry my dog" or "beastiality rocks" do you?!   Most gay people seem to not appreciate what they have been given, and continue to beg for more. They first wanted to be able to marry, and some states allowed that. Then they wanted more and demanded the federal government to allow it. Then they wanted more and demanded healthcare for gays. Where is this going to end? Are they going to ask for a new Lamborghini when they get married?
No, simply because they are not a family. If they marry, they are a family. I   But the law in VA says that gays can't get married. So stop arguing for them to have healthcare because it is simply against the law in VA. If you don't like it, move somewhere else.
No, simply because they are not a family. If they marry, they are a family. I   So, then 2 gays people living together in VA shouldn't expect healthcare, since a couple who isn't married doesn't get it.
"thats just the way it is" isn't much of an argument!   So, basically you don't care that some people can have rights, while others who should have them don't get them. So, I take it you liked segregation, prohabition and prefer women barefoot in the kitchen rather than at the polls voting for anything. Wow! all I an say is wow.  I'm guessing you mean "prohibition". Gays don't have the right to shared healthcare because they're not married! Gays have rights...they can marry members of the opposite sex. Nobody can marry members of the opposite sex, it's not just gays. Gays have all the rights that straight people do. Straights can't marry people of the same sex, and neither can gays. If straigh people want heatlcare, they can marry someone of the opposite sex...so can gays!
"thats just the way it is" isn't much of an argument!   So, basically you don't care that some people can have rights, while others who should have them don't get them. So, I take it you liked segregation, prohabition and prefer women barefoot in the kitchen rather than at the polls voting for anything. Wow! all I an say is wow.   I'm quite surprised that you didn't tell me to take my weird views elsewhere. But I did expect you to come up with some BS comment like "Wow! All I can say is wow". That's what you do...you don't look at any side of an argument unless it benefits gays.
We don't have the right to marry who we love and if ya didn't notice it isn't someone of the same sex. What a ridculous posts! We are fighting to the right to marry, we will win, we will have healthcare and we are in your neighborhood too! Trust me, we are nor backing down to the xtian right wing. We shall overcome!   Haha!! It seems like "you all" are going in the wrong direction then. Thousands of gays in San Francisco recently had their marriages enulled. A judge in Seattle was also told he can't allow gays to get married. Missouri just voted to outlaw gay marriage (70% of the people voted to ban it...pretty alarming if you ask me). How do you figure you are in the process to "overcome"? It looks quite the opposite if you ask me. The only luck you have is moving to another country or moving to Massachusetts. Mark my word, there will never be a federal law allowing gay marriages in the US.
We don't have the right to marry who we love and if ya didn't notice it isn't someone of the same sex.  I meant to say "Nobody can marry members of the same sex, not just gays." If you want to nit pick, I will continue to point out all of your errors, much like "prohibition".
I meant to say "Nobody can marry members of the same sex, not just gays." If you want to nit pick, I will continue to point out all of your errors, much like "prohibition".  ...or "enulled".  annul ( P ) Pronunciation Key (-nl) tr.v. annulled, annulling, annuls
That's just what they said about slavery, women voting, interacial marriage. It is what they said about people flying, looking for a cure to polio, It is always darkest before the dawn!   Looking at slavery is incorrect. Slavery was wrong because certain individuals who couldn't change their color were targeted and often tortured. They were treated as property and had no rights. HOWEVER, gays have the exact same rights as heterosexuals and are not property, nor can they be targeted by color, etc.  Women voting is also a terrible example. That has to do with free speech, which is an unalienable right (last time I checked, gays being allowed to marry wasn't an unalienable right). That was also when women couldn't hold jobs and had to work in the home. Gays don't have to do that.  Interracial marriage goes along with slavery and is an absolutely terrible example. It was looked down upon, not illegal. Thomas Jefferson had children by a black woman.
Actually if they cohabitate for a prescribed period of time or have children together I would say yes. Commonlaw  as it were.   Common law is 2 words buddy.
That's just what they said about slavery, women voting, interacial marriage. It is what they said about people flying, looking for a cure to polio, It is always darkest before the dawn!   Women voting also effected nearly 50% of the population. Gay marriage directly effects less than 1%. The government looks out for the majority, therefore they are not going to take away the sanctity of marriage to please less than 1% of the population and **** of the other 99%.
You also stated in another forum that:  some gay men have been exceedingly promiscous   It is actually spelled, "promiscuous".
No, simply because they are not a family. If they marry, they are a family. I It is clear (by posts like this and others on here), that the whole idea of same-sex "marriage" is absurd. It can be nothing but a grotesque travesty of marriage. It is as if a group of atheists wanted to found a "Church of Irreligion" and force the rest of society to pretend that their "church" was just as good as any other. Just as a "Church of Irreligion" would be transparently blasphemous, same-sex "marriage" is transparently anti-familial and anti-social.   Advocates of "gay rights" often claim that they only want equal rights for homosexuals. This is a lie, plain and simple. It is precisely for the sake of equal rights that "gay rights" have to be rejected.
Most gay people seem to not appreciate what they have been given, and continue to beg for more. They first wanted to be able to marry, and some states allowed that. Then they wanted more and demanded the federal government to allow it. Then they wanted more and demanded healthcare for gays. Where is this going to end? Are they going to ask for a new Lamborghini when they get married? Yes. I agree. What is remarkable about these activists and their "gay rights" rhetoric is that their entire purpose is to enact special privileges for a certain favored class of people. Homosexuals already have the same rights that all the rest of us do; what they (or their self-appointed spokesmen) want, is to have more rights than the rest of us. They want to have rights against the rest of us: the "right" to violate our rights.
Common law is 2 words buddy.  Or hyphenated. Thank you. I stand corrected.
You also stated in another forum that:     It is actually spelled, "promiscuous".  You're on a roll. Should have never gone there. emoticon_cry
 This shows how little you really have to say if you must resort to attacks on grammer, and spacing. Weak.    It's actually "grammar". Fun isn't this? emoticon_xkill emoticon_xbye emoticon_xangel
Oh yee of little faith, I'm certainly not whining...I'M DEMANDING!   As a tax paying CITIZEN of this country I DEMAND my EQUAL ACCESS TO RIGHTS, LIBERTIES and PROTECTIONS!  As a VETERAN who served my country, as a mother who is raising one of the NEXT generation of citizens...I DEMAND MY RIGHTS!  You have the exact same rights as everyone else. Tell me what right you don't have that other US citizens do?
I was just wondering how everyone invisioned the future once same sex marriages become legal across the US...  How do you see the future once this happens?  Four pages in six hours?? emoticon_xgood   Here's how I see the future when same sex marriages are legal, though I think it's going to be a long time, because such a majority of the people are against it.  It's going to mirror several other attempts to "equal" something, to make something right, which results in equal quickly becoming "special". And in the same way, it will cause division and tension.  About 25 years ago, a few activists started asking for "no smoking on airline flights of 2 hours or less, and non smoking sections in restaurants. That's all they wanted!! Is it too much to ask to breath a little clean air? Today there's no smoking AT ALL on many airlines, and restaurants. It's always a step by step process. Just today on the local news, I see that a liberal city of Cincinnati councilperson, a health dept. person, and a cancer society person are pushing for a complete restaurant and bar ban on smoking citywide, no matter the wishes of the business owners. The special interest money is on the move. (I don't smoke by the way.)   There are other examples of step-by-step changes. Environmentalism is another good one. Civil rights is another. Homosexual marriage will be the same way. A few activists present an idea, no smoking on airline flights of 2 hours or less.........rules for power companies to reduce their emissions.........equal rights for blacks, and they sound good to good people, people with no desire to see it go too far. But the activists TAKE it too far, without SOLID majority support. I don't think most people would vote to ban smoking in places where owners want to keep it. I don't think most people would vote for the EPA to conduct the private property raids that take place today. I don't think most blacks would vote for slavery "repairations". And I don't think most of you homosexuals here want special rights. But are you going to try to BLOCK a handfull of your leaders from trying to get you special rights? I believe most blacks think that "slavery repairations" are wrong, but I'll bet most of them will accept them if they are offered to them. The same way homosexuals will accept things like special schools for gays, (the subject of another thread here) special hiring privileges, housing, medical, the list is almost endless.   Can you homosexuals here describe how special interest money won't have an influence on your future leaders, the way it has with so many other movements? I'm not accusing anyone here of being tricky, I don't think you're thinking about it. Are you going to RESIST when your leaders find a way to get something for you at heterosexuals expence?
We don't have the right to marry who we love and if ya didn't notice it isn't someone of the same sex. What a ridculous posts! We are fighting to the right to marry, we will win, we will have healthcare and we are in your neighborhood too! Trust me, we are nor backing down to the xtian right wing. We shall overcome!   Looks like it's not going to happen in the next 4 years. The new polls state that Bush has taken a 3 point lead (49% vs. 46%) over Kerry. And we still have the RNC to come next week. Sorry to say, but it doesn't look like you're going in the right direction towards overcoming anything, especially in my own backyard. Sorry emoticon_emb
Well I disagree, now we have another state besides Mass.   www.365gay.com/newscon04/08/082604oremarr.htm    Maybe you didn't read the article. A simple Politics 101 (American National Government) would tell you that this judge cannot make the decision to allow gay marriage. This same thing happened in San Francisco when the judge simply jumped out of his jurisdiction. Section 115 of the penal code there says it is felony for a public official to issue false instruments to be filed in public records. Since California law prohibits gay marriage, Mayor Newsom's issuance of marriage licenses for gays violated this order.   Now, with the instance in Oregon. Did you read the article? They stopped issuing marriage licenses until the state determined whether gay marriage was legal or not. They were then forced to resume issuing marriage licenses, and it specifically stated "officials expect licenses only will be given to marriages between a man and a woman". What exactly is your point by showing me this ad? Once the state determines that gay marriages is illegal, it is out of the hands on anyone to allow a gay marriage.
Well I disagree, now we have another state besides Mass.   www.365gay.com/newscon04/08/082604oremarr.htm   By the way, that law that passed in California banning gay marriage passed by a margin of 62% vs. 38%. California is also the most Liberal state in the country. Shows how much your fellow Liberals are backing you up.
BTW: if your logic had been used when women were fighting to gain the vote, they still wouldn't have it. If your logic were employed when desegragation was in order, schools would still be madated as segragated. If your logic were utilized in the area of interracial marriage, Barack Obama would never have been born! Let alone Halle Berry, Tiger Woods or Etta James.  The majority doesn't always know what is best for society, let alone the fact that they are not always right. Popular doesn't equal good.   Being a woman, black, white, etc cannot be changed. It's genetic. You cannot change that, and it has nothing to do with the way you choose to live your life. One can also point out a woman and a man, and a black person and a white person. One cannot point out a gay. Therefore, all of the things you mention above wouldn't apply to gays. You can't have a restaurant and not allow gays because you can't point out by sight who is gay and who isn't, unlike the ability to point out black and white or male and female. Being gay is a choice. Being black isn't. That's the problem with segregation...we denied the rights of some people because of things they couldn't change, like their color. However, we are not denying gays anything (and they can in fact change). They have the exact same rights as everyone else. Marrying someone of the same sex is forbidden whether you are gay and straight, and marriage of the opposite sex is legal whether you are gay and straight. Allowing gays to marry other gays is a "special law". Why do they deserve this?  The majority doesn't always know what's best. But when they vote, they vote for what they want. And if the majority doesn't want gay marriages, then that will be the result (whether they know if it's best or not).
I agree, the judges did their job and quite admireably IMHO.   Political concerns aside, does it not trouble anyone that a single judge, or in this case two, can do as they wish with a law that was legally adopted? Cases like this only serve to illustrate the agendas that some judges exercise that are not in direct relation to the wishes of their constituents.
The issue is the judge does not have the right to do what he did. The same thing happened in Seattle a little while ago where a county judge made this same decision, but had it overturned. COUNTY JUDGES DO NOT HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO ALLOW/BAN GAY MARRIAGES!!!! Do you, Joebrummer and Ladywolf, know anything about law? It seems like you don't.
They seem to know more than you do. Let me explain how the process works. Someone doesn't like a law, and sues the government to get it changed. They start in the local courts, the judge makes a ruling, the ruling gets appealed, and up the ladder we go till it reaches the state supreme court. They get the final say. Nothing official actually happens until they make their ruling. Everyone involved here is doing exactly what they're paid to do, exactly what they're supposed to do. It's how our legal process works.   Obviously they don't. The lower courts cannot overrule the high courts. For instance, say Florida outlawed the death penalty. Miami cannot decide to allow the death penalty to be practiced there. They can appeal to the State Supreme Court, but nothing happens in Miami until the State decides on it. Relate this to Washington...gay marriages will continue to not be allowed until the State makes a decision. Just because some county judge who had Napoleonic complex and thought he could do whatever he pleased decided to do this means absolutely nothing!! The same thing happened in Seattle and San Francisco, and the State Supreme Court overruled the decisions. And the same thing is going to happen here.
The lower courts haven't overruled the higher courts. Where did you get that from? The higher courts haven't ruled at all yet. They can't until the lower courts make a ruling for them to review. Get it? And this is nothing like what happened in San Francisco. There, the mayor took the law in his own hands. Here, the legal process is proceeding as it was designed to. The county judge was asked to make a ruling. He was asked "Is this law constitutional?" He said no. That's his job, to make that sort of decision. His decision will then be review by a higher court after the inevitable appeal. No one is overstepping the bounds of their duty here. Everyone is doing exactly what they're supposed to.   I'm sorry, but country judges do not make decisions on the constitutionality of a law. The 9 US Supreme Court Justices determine whether something is constitutional or not. That is not the job of a county judge.
Wishes which are blatently descriminatory and unconstitutional is hardly what I would call an agenda, excepting of course the agenda to retain the integrity of the Constitution. Or are we supposed to just allow majority rule to deconstruct that which serves as the foundation for our nation?  I'm confused as to whom this law descriminates against. It seems to me that it doesn't blatantly attack homosexuals but rather limits marriage to a man and a woman. This in no way prevents civil unions nor does it limit the rights that said unions would bestow upon a couple. Marriage is simply reinforced as a union between a man and a woman. If this law is discriminatory then it must also discriminate against me. For even though I am a straight male I can't marry another male. What if I really wanted to marry my best bud so he could recieve all the benefits that a spouse would. Unfortunately I am unable do this, too bad for me. It in no way forbids a homosexual lifestyle.   This raises a further question, are the laws that forbid me from wedding a relative descriminatory? Are these laws unconstitutional?
Marriage is a common good, not a special interest. Every society needs natural marriage -- as many men as possible each finding a woman, caring for and committing himself exclusively to her -- working together to create and raise the next generation.
Wishes which are blatently descriminatory and unconstitutional is hardly what I would call an agenda, excepting of course the agenda to retain the integrity of the Constitution. Or are we supposed to just allow majority rule to deconstruct that which serves as the foundation for our nation? Nothing in the Supreme Court's or other courts' rulings have provided a principled grounds upon which to forbid adult incest, polygamy or polyandry. Homosexuals bristle at this argument. But they must answer a question: How does a homosexual father convince his daughter that polygamy is out of the question? Marriage must, if the word is to retain its meaning, be only between one man and one woman. At this moment, we ought to be reinvesting marriage with the honor it once commanded, not bleeding it of substance.
Oh please. Don't get cute. It's not like you'd WANT to marry another man. emoticon_emb But I guess there's always a first for everything.  I don't because I have a secure economic foothold but who's to say someone in a desperate measure wouldn't.  Also, there's that goofy word again, "Lifestyle" what LIFESTYLE? Dang, I've been asking that for what seems like forever and I still haven't gotten a reply.  The word lifestyle suggests what a person wears or where they live or what types of accessories a person uses to enhance their home. ie :"Lifestyles of the rich and famous."  The ONLY people I can see as actually living a "homosexual lifestyle" would be those straight guys who get make overs from those guys on "***** Eye For the Straight Guy." So, that kind of backfires doesn't it?  I'm happy to give you my definition of lifestyle. I reference lifestyle as meaning the way in which you lead your life. I would characterize myself as living a heterosexual lifestyle not b/c of the way I dress or my habits but because I live the life of a heterosexual. I date and intend to marry a person of the opposite sex. Hopefully I will be blessed with children. This is what I classify as a heterosexual lifestyle. A homosexual lifestyle simply means one is leads a life with homosexual romantic relationships. I didn't mean my aforementioned statement in any kind of offensive or stereotypical manner.   You didn't answer my question about incestual relationships :(
Now how did this get all judgemental again? We were doing so well discussing judges and their jobs, then all of a sudden people started making comparisons between heterosexual lifestyles and homosexual lifestyles.  It was within the judges rights, and their duty to interpret the laws. Judges are elected positions. Bush just didn't like the way the judges were judging is all, so he put the word "activist" in front of the word judges to imply these judges were out of their jurisdiction in doing what they did (.i.e. the Mass judges).   Disagreements aside, in this case I believe "activist" refers more to someone using their position to advance a certain cause rather then overstepping their bounds. That would label the judges overbearing or perhaps self inflated.
Ok, I'll take your word for it....I can accept your explaination.   You can count on me to tell you what I mean. emoticon_xbouncer   As far as your question about incestuous relationships, I ignored it because I see it as a confussion tactic. Someway to throw a proverbial wrench in the works.  This subject is about gay rights, not syblings or dogs or whatever else is used in the "Slippery slope" falicy.  I apologize for seeming rude by ignoring it, I hope you can understand my reason for doing so.   I was just really hoping you would take the bait. Good play.  I also hope that in this topic you will then apply the idea of "lifestyle" to all those homosexuals who actually live a "heterosexual lifestyle?" Not those who think that they can be "cured" of their homosexuality through supposed "reparitive therapies" which many of us all know DON'T WORK. I'm talking about those homosexuals who have always known they are gay but are so brainwashed by society as to think that if they live a "heterosexual lifestyle" they can either hide their true nature or can somehow "cure" themselves.  I firmly believe in living your life as you choose, as long as this choice is ethical and doesn't infringe on the rights of others. So in that sense a suppressed lifestyle is not a good lifestyle. Personally if I was a homosexual I would simply lead a life of celibacy, but that is based on my own personal and religous convictions. I see no need to pretend to be someone you aren't.
 I also hope that in this topic you will then apply the idea of "lifestyle" to all those homosexuals who actually live a "heterosexual lifestyle?" Not those who think that they can be "cured" of their homosexuality through supposed "reparitive therapies" which many of us all know DON'T WORK. I'm talking about those homosexuals who have always known they are gay but are so brainwashed by society as to think that if they live a "heterosexual lifestyle" they can either hide their true nature or can somehow "cure" themselves. So if a drug addict, or an alcoholic stands up and says, "God made me this way", should we accept that fact, and give them drugs or alcohol.   This is not an act of love. The Bible is very clear that homosexuality is not right in God's eyes. If a homosexual comes to Christ, then they need to seek Him, and ask that God help them in their walk with Him, just as the alcoholic or drug addict needs to also. It does not mean standing and saying, "My lifestyle is pleasing to God", but it means trusting in Him to remove this sin from your heart.   If you do not know that it is a sin, then ask God to reveal this to you. I needed to have God reveal a similar thing (drinking) to me, before I could ask Him to help me with it.   If you think that God wants a person to be a homosexual all of their life, supporting such ways, and that that stance is pleasing to Him, then you are very young in your walk or not with Him at all. If young in your walk (no matter how long you have been a Christian) then God will show you the truth. This is true with all types of walks that are not right before Him, theives, murderers, gossips, liars,..... The list is rather lengthy.
Here Jaaman has given us the perfect example of why gay rights are civil rights.   Gay rights are "special" rights, not civil rights. Civil rights are rights are equally granted, unalienable rights that are given to EVERY citizen, and nobody gets any special rights. Now looking at gay rights...for a man to marry a man is a "special" right, because it is there ONLY for gays/lesbians. Giving "special" rights to a group of people to do as they please is not a civil right. And gays have the EXACT same rights as heterosexuals. I cannot marry a guy, and neither can you. I can marry a woman, and so can you. It's simple. Nobody is getting any preferential treatment here. I do not agree with gay marriage, but I agree with civil unions. That way we can keep the sanctity of marriage between a man and a woman, and gays can still have a "union" with other gays. But I completely disapprove of a gay man's "spouse" getting health insurance benfits from his work, etc. That will just turn into corruption, like Freedom Fighter said, with straight guys entering into civil unions to scrounge off their friends.
You say that now, but if you were a homosexual you wouldn't be saying that. It is not healthy to live your life without sex. We are sexual beings. A perfect example would be preists. Most are alcoholic and some are after your children.    I do know that because I know myself. Don't presume to tell me how I would live my life. This is a very ignorant statement in that you assume that any individuals who live a life without sex are somehow deprived. Evidently you have no faith in the human spirit our ability to overcome materialistic or worldly needs.  Second, I find your broad unsupported statement about priests disgusting and an outright false generalization. How many priests do you know? The number of priest that have been involved in scandals makes up less then 1% of the clergy. Since when did that become a majority? It is this sort of ignorance and slander that shows you the kind of world we live in today.
Originally Posted by joebrummer You say that now, but if you were a homosexual you wouldn't be saying that. It is not healthy to live your life without sex. We are sexual beings. A perfect example would be preists. Most are alcoholic and some are after your children. I do know that because I know myself. Don't presume to tell me how I would live my life. This is a very ignorant statement in that you assume that any individuals who live a life without sex are somehow deprived. Evidently you have no faith in the human spirit our ability to overcome materialistic or worldly needs.  Second, I find your broad unsupported statement about priests disgusting and an outright false generalization. How many priests do you know? The number of priest that have been involved in scandals makes up less then 1% of the clergy. Since when did that become a majority? It is this sort of ignorance and slander that shows you the kind of world we live in today. Good points Freedom Fighter. emoticon_xgood
One is no less "human" for choosing not to act on desires. No one ever died from celibacy.  Good point sinjin.   As for what joebrummer said, Sexuality is human but I was not advocating asexuality. You can't change your biology. I was simply saying that it is possible for people to transcend basic human desires and needs for principles that they believe in. If you are unable to understand this then you must have no faith in the resilience of the human spirit to overcome physical challenges.
What does human resilience over physical challenges have to do with not having sex? Nothing! There is no physical challenge. It is all emotional. This is not a relevant argument.  Wait so first you said that it was biology. Biology dwells in the tangible physical realm. Emotion does not dwell within this realm. So now its not physical its all emotional. emoticon_confused   Have you ever heard of hormones? Do you not believe that people are human animals and as such possess the instictual desire to procreate. I guess if you are homosexual sex would have to suffice for procreation. Sex doesn't require emotion.  Please make up your mind on whether you think sex is a biological or emotional function.  By the way you realize you started this debate by challenging the idea that a homosexual could lead a celibate life. Seems like a bit of a pig-headed notion to me.
 Celibacy is an option for anyone, regardless of sexual orientation.  My point exactly. emoticon_xgood
Celebacy is not an option for everyone. Some don't have that choice. I think this point has not been thought about.  How is it not an option?
That's terrific. This must be an example of one of them "activist judges" bushie was talking about Thursday night. Hoo Ray for activist judges! emoticon_xbouncer While liberal courts and reformist judges may make their decisions based on the shifting moral sands and changing winds of our culture, I will not alter my foundational belief in marriage and family just because some cry for freedom at all costs. Traditional marriage alone forms the backbone of human civilization.  Marriage is between a man and a woman. If we allow marriage to be redefined to include same-sex couples, the Twin Pilllars of Morality and Spirituality (which have served as beacons of the American culture since our beginning) will not stand.
Your morality and spirituality is not the same for all Americans. That's what you fail to understand, time and time again. The freedom of Religion guaruntees the liberty for all citizens to worship how they please. Just because it's different from your way, doesn't make it bad or wrong it only makes it different. Your feelings on gay marriage are yours, you cannot expect everyone to feel the same way. Your assumption that the law must reflect your religious feelings is to force your religious beliefs on the rest of the nation.  To allow gay marriage doesn't affect your religious beliefs of it. It infringes your rights not in the least. But to infringe upon others rights because of your beliefs is Constitutionally wrong. That is what this nation was founded on. Not your beliefs, not your spirituality, not your morality, but the freedom of every citizen as long as it harms or infringes on no other citizen. Whether it's in a university class, or through the entertainment culture, the view that truth is up to the individual has become pervasive in America today. When truth is relative, it means that right and wrong are never something we can be sure of, but rather depend on shifting feelings and circumstances. I'm sorry, but I believe in concrete right and wrongs.  Sexuality is not and cannot be genderless. God created male and female. We must object to and destroy any attempt to feminize the masculine or masculinize the feminine. While unisex might exist with sunglasses, it does not ever exist in reality. There is no need to recreate a new understanding of human sexuality; just return to what God has stated it was in the beginning.
Jaaaman:  As much as I really do respect your right to your religious views, I must ask that you respect mine. I do not believe the way you do, but I am no less spiritual. To assume so devalues all religions.  What I also must do is to rein in your insistence on religious views over legal views. Your religious views here have not allowed for the idea that other religions may not agree with your views. To insist that a nations laws coincide with one religious viewpoint is in effect theocratic. It goes against everything this country was actually based on. Democracy and religious tollerence. If you expect me to tollerate your religious ideals, I insist you tollerate mine. In this case, my religious beliefs do not abhor gay marriage let alone gay sexual activities. My God did create me exactly as I am. Your idea of God did not. But your expectance that our nation's laws reflect your beliefs over mine is an infringement of great porportions. This kind of statement is the logical progression for a society that no longer understands what truth is. A generation ago, this was not only unthinkable, it was "un-thinked" (if I can invent such a word!). At one time, society knew what truth was. Some might not have liked it, but they knew what it was. Now, however, we live under an entirely different set of circumstances. As a society, we must find our way back to truth.
Chalk another one up for the gay marriage ban!! Thanks a lot Louisiana!!
Wednesday, July 23, 2003   By Sam Kastensmidt  A recent study of Dutch homosexual men found that homosexual unions simply do not last. The study found that the average homosexual relationship lasts only 1-1/2 years. By comparison, more than two-thirds of heterosexual marriages in America last longer than ten years.   Dr. Maria Xiridou, of the Amsterdam Municipal Health Service, conducted the survey, which was published in the May edition of the AIDS Journal. Not only did her research indicate the failed longevity of homosexual relationships, it showed that rampant promiscuity that exists in homosexual unions. Dr. Xiridou's research found that "men in homosexual relationships, on average, have eight partners a year outside those relationships."  Earlier studies have also indicated that the gay community has difficulty with monogamy. In 1984, authors David P. McWhirter and Andrew M. Mattison surveyed 156 gay males, who were involved in homosexual relationships that had lasted between one and thirty-seven years. Their study found that every single couple that had been together more than five years had incorporated a provision for outside sexual activity.   "Fidelity is not defined in terms of sexual behavior, but rather by their emotional commitment to each other," the authors wrote.   David Smith, a spokesperson for the Human Rights Campaign, the nation's largest gay activist group, strongly disagreed, "Most gay people I know have been in relationships many, many years, and they're absolutely monogamous." He declared any survey that points to homosexual promiscuity as "wild charges."  However, Anne Peplau, a psychology professor at the University of California at Los Angeles, acknowledges that homosexuals are far more commonly involved in infidelity, which she justifies by claiming it is not harmful in an open relationship.  "There is clear evidence that gay men are less likely to have sexually exclusive relationships than other people, but this is not typically harmful to their relationships because partners agree that it's acceptable," Peplau stated.   The Human Rights Campaign has desperately attempted to project the image that homosexual relationships are wholesome, pure, principled, and monogamous, but the facts are simply not on their side.   The Advocate, America's largest gay magazine, published the results of their own survey in the August 1994 edition. Their research found:     Fifty-seven percent of gay readers claimed more than thirty sexual partners during their lifetime.   Thirty-five percent claimed more than one hundred sexual partners in their lifetime.   Forty-eight percent admitted having a "three-way" sexual encounter during the past five years.  Twenty-nine percent admitted to meeting their partners in a bathhouse or a sex club.  While these statistics compiled from homosexuals are far from reflecting the "normal" lifestyle associated with a heterosexual relationship, the American Psychiatric Association (APA) voted to "normalize" the homosexual lifestyle in 1973. A closer inspection of the 1973 decision reveals that the vote included only roughly one-third of the members of the APA. Four years later, when the journal, Medical Aspects of Human Sexuality, conducted a survey of psychiatrists, the study showed that 69 percent of psychiatrists disagreed with the APA's vote. When presented with the facts, it becomes apparent that the actions of the APA were, at a minimum, not representative of the psychiatric field as a whole.   Source List:  "Study Finds Gay Unions Brief," The Washington Times, July 11, 2003. http://washingtontimes.com/national...21254-3711r.htm    "The Advocate Survey-1994," Catholic Family Association of America, 2003. http://www.cathfam.org/Hitems/AdvoSurvey.html
The entire premise of your statement and your subject title are absurd and misleading. You are attempting to compare married hetrosexual fidelity to unmarried homosexual sexual encounters; hardly the same basis of defining a "relationship".  One valid study would be a comparison of sexual fidelity between married male hetrosexuals and male homosexuals in legally recognized marriges. That's kind of hard to do right now, isn't it? Where will you get your data?  Or how about longevity of relationships between unmarried male hetrosexuals and unmarried male homosexuals. Where is your research study on that?  The Dutch study you cited was based on the MEDICAL RECORDS of male homosexuals (read the study itself). Medical records? That would lead to the conclusion that the individuals involved in the study had some sort of medical problem (STD? AIDS?). What about homosexuals WITHOUT medical problems? Could one not conclude that homosexual males with STD's or AIDS were more likely to be sexually promiscious than homosexual males without medical problems? Where is your research study on that?  I also find it amusing that your source reference for THE ADVOCATE study is not from THE ADVOCATE itself, but from the Catholic Family Association of America. Hardly an unbisaed reference source.  Your conclusions fail any measure of credibility. Not too many homosexuals out there without std's or aids...... And not too many that aren't promiscous in some way..... making it all the more likely they will further health problems down the road.  Anyway, sodomy is a dangerous pastime........ Foreign objects and penis's do not belong in ones rectum...... We are designed a certain way for a reason and that is not part of the design. emoticon_idea
Again, instead of dealing with the issues someone raises, you respond with wild, unsupported allegations and personal prejudices, not unbiased facts. How do you know there aren't MANY homosexuals without STD's or AIDS? I happend to be a 54 year old homosexual and have never had either. Neither has my partner. Neither of us are promiscious.You are just making inflamitory remarks.  Sodomy? Homosexuals hardly have a monopoly on any sex act, be it with a penis or a "foreign object"; be it anal or oral.  Again, you simply lack any credibility. No Steve, I realise that there are hetersexuals who practice that filthy pastime of anal sex and other sex acts that the human body is not designed to do. Heterosexuals have no more business doing these things then homosexuals.   Do you realise Steve that E Coli bacteria inhabit the rectum and are in feces? Do you know how sick and E Coli infection can make you? Sodomy is akin to having sex in raw sewage. emoticon_frazzled
I was requested to start a new thread in which pro-gay and anti-gay marriage positions could be debated without posters being called "homophobes", "gay bashers" and "bigots" simply because they don't favor gay marriage. While I"ve already stated why I'm against gay marriage in previous threads, I'll reiterate them here for newbies and for simplicity sake.  1. Gay marriage creates a new dependent class of citizen 2. It is an unfunded mandate and therefore, illegal 3. It forces additional costs on an employer via healthcare benefits 4. It adds costs to the court system via increased litigation over custody, property, inheritance, etc., 5. It allows more people to lay claim to finite SS and other entitlement benefits 6. It establishes a loophole to transfer property without payment of inheritance taxes. 7. It establishes a mechanism to bypass the payment of taxes on life insurance payouts.  These should be enough fodder to get the ball rolling.
IThese should be enough fodder to get the ball rolling.  The understatement of the year!! :p   It would also further the complications of our increasingly failing schools.
Straight couples have all these items, such as healthcare benefits and tax breaks, and Social Security. Are you against straight couples as well as gay couples having these things?  If you had followed the original thread, you would have seen that I acknowledged that straights currently have all those benefits that you mention above because society sees the promotion of heterosexual marriage as a benefit to society on a whole. Your task is to get society to see gay marriage's benefits to that same group. Just as many people support AA, which gives an unfair advantage to minorities in return for a, supposed, good reason, giving advantages to targeted groups in the US isn't unheard of. There's lots of precedence.
Yes, Joe, I agree. Does this new class apply to the new straight couples as well?  The new class is the "same-sex spouse" with the concomittant rights and benefits that this new status would incur. And no, it does't apply to hetero couples for obvious reasons. Hetero spouse is already a society-approved class.
I was requested to start a new thread in which pro-gay and anti-gay marriage positions could be debated without posters being called "homophobes", "gay bashers" and "bigots" simply because they don't favor gay marriage.  Heh, well we'll see how long they can do it.  1. Gay marriage creates a new dependent class of citizen 2. It is an unfunded mandate and therefore, illegal 3. It forces additional costs on an employer via healthcare benefits 4. It adds costs to the court system via increased litigation over custody, property, inheritance, etc., 5. It allows more people to lay claim to finite SS and other entitlement benefits 6. It establishes a loophole to transfer property without payment of inheritance taxes. 7. It establishes a mechanism to bypass the payment of taxes on life insurance payouts.  It seems that the bulk of your opposition to gay marriage is based on financial reasons. Am I to assume then that if it turned out gay marriage cost nothing more to society financially, and perhaps even helped society in that regard, you'd no longer be opposed to gay marriage?  To some extent I agree with you, in that any group could come along who didn't want to have to pay property taxes to transfer property or wanted to claim SS entitlements and simply try to be recognized as a group for which marriage benefits should apply. That is in effect, what gays are doing. In their case they are doing it by changing the standard we use to determine what suffices for a marriage: opposite gender couples.
My replies are in bold above.  For the sake of space, I'll reply to #'s and not quote the whole text. 1. Same sex spouse = new class of dependent 2. By adding a new class of dependent, the costs associated need to be funded by Uncle Sam. Without Congress evaluating how it will pay for this new class, it is illegal. http://www.usmayors.org/uscm/us_mayor_newspaper/documents/06_11_01/unfunded_mandates.asp 3. This new class of dependent, if made legal, must be given the same benefits as hetero couples. This is an increased cost to employers who have no say in the matter. The only alternative to paying for this increased coverage is to withdraw healthcare from all of its employees and their families and in that instance, gay marriage certainly impacts straights. 4. The new dependent class will have "new" legal rights (for them as a group)and claims to others' property that don't exist today. For example, a gay couple living together in which one partner owns the house. Today, the other partner has no legal claim to that property, but under marriage laws, would be entitled to at least part of its value. Child custody cases, bankruptsy, inheritance battles that don't exist today because the second party has no legal standing would change overnight as the second party is given a "new" legal status. 5-7. You can't argue that the costs would be no different than with hetero married couples because we have already established that those costs are already borne by a willing society that sees hetero marriage as an overall benefit worth supporting financially. The same argument can't be made for gay marriage. You haven't convinced John Q. Public that there is a carrot for them.  In closing, I'd like to respond to the claims of fairness. While fairness is a goal that I believe we should embrace, the fact is that there are all sorts of unfair practices that are embraced by our society. AA is a prime ean unfair practice that was instituted to help ONE group at the expense of another. Maybe if gay activists campained for "fairness" across the board John Q. Public would have another carrot, or as we refer to them in business, WIIFM (what's in it for me).
Thanks for starting this thread and reiterating your points so that I do not need to search for them. I will see what I can do about responding to them. No problem. It seemed like a reasonable request by a reasonable person.  I will argue that gay marriage does not create a new class of citizen, it removes a class of citizen. Currently it is the case that there are two types of couples: those who get the benefits of marriage and those who do not. The idea of gay marriage is to consolidate those two types of citizens into one type of citizen. The idea is to give all types of people the same set of rights, and that would precisely merge two classes of citizens into one. In actuality, there are three types of couples: married, gay and heterosexual unmarried. Only the first group get the benefits of marriage. If we broaden the definition of marriage to include same sex couples, wouldn't heterosexual unmarried couples still be discriminated against? And if we did that, then we'd have two new classes of citizens with claims to others' property that they didn't have previously.  Whether or not we are merging an independent class of citizens into a dependant one is a question that can be debated, but if we are, then it would make sense to prevent all forms of marriage using the same justification.  The point that our society willingly pays for breaks given to heterosexual couples can't be trivialized by saying that it should be all or nothing. Society, as it stands today, is willing to partially subsidize hetero couples and NOT same sex couples. Now, admittedly, those reasons aren't always strictly financial, but I've limited my discussion to those issues.  Hey, let's not make assumptions on how gay marriage will come about. I would have no problem with gay marriage arising from state legislatures coming to an agreement that this should be allowed, and that may very well happen. The argument I make in favor of same-sex marriage is simply that it should be legal, not that the courts should legalize it. I agree that IF gay marriage is made legal it should be done through the legislature and not the courts. We have also recently seen in the Nov elections that many states aren't comfortable with gay marriage yet.  That being said, it is questionable whether this could be considered an unfunded mandate because such a ruling does not imply that the government must spend more money, it only implies that the government must distribute its tax breaks and other benefits equally across all citizens. Research has also suggested that the government would save far more money than it loses in medicaid costs due to workplace-provided health insurance. The unfunded mandate law also extends to businesses. If the total cost of instituting gay marriage costs <$50Million, Congress must take that fact into consideration. A cost increase to businesses, state and federal employers of $50Million is certainly going to be surpassed over the lifetime of the statute.  Businesses are not required to give their employees health insurance nor are they required to spend a certain amount of money on health insurance if they choose to do so, but this bill would make certain that if a business does so, it is not able to pick and choose who gets that insurance and who does not. You've just made my point for me. It would have the net effect of being an unfunded mandate to businesses and they would have to respond by stopping ALL insurance or adding additional coverage for gay couples. What if that business was a religious institution that was morally opposed to gay marriage. They would be forced to support it, regardless of their moral stance. Isn't the so-called separation of church and state really a double-edged sword designed to protect the church FROM government intervention as well?  More importantly, like many of your arguments, if this argument can be used as a reason to disallow same-sex marriage, it can equally be used as an argument to disallow opposite-sex marriage. Agreed except that society has already ruled on whether or not it wants to provide financial incentives to targeted groups, such as minorities and married couples.   Many of those battles are already being fought in court, and this sort of cost is likely negligable due to countless factors introduced by marriage. For example, child support services must pay far less when the government no longer has to pay to fund an adopted child. Court costs will undoubtedly increase as there are property disputes amongst gay partners with new-found rights. It's unavoidable, especially in cases of inheritance. Imagine an elderly gay man dies who had a hetero family prior to a gay marriage and there is a dispute over inheritance. I can foresee many such realistic scenarios.  Again, this argument can be used to disallow opposite-sex marriages.  Refer to what I said about about the costs of same-sex marriage. Also note that this argument can be used to disallow marriage for opposite-sex couples.  See above comments on society's acceptance to subsidize hetero couples.  Understand that this same loophole exists in our current system of opposite-sex marriage, and it can thus be used as a reason to deny opposite-sex couples marriage. Isn't a better solution to fix the loopholes and give everyone the same rights?  Okay, you've heard me mention that many of your arguments can be used to deny opposite-sex couples marriage rights as well. Let me explain why this is important. Because our society prides itself on freedom, equality, and happiness, we try to give equal rights to everyone and allow people to be as free as they like so long as they do not harm others. This means that we do not arbitrarily give extra tax breaks and extra rights to random groups of people. Currently, you have listed no reason that opposite-sex couples deserve these rights but same-sex couples do not. That is really the heart of the debate. You aren't debating that same-sex marriage is wrong, you are debating that marriage itself is wrong. What is missing from your argument is what everyone is talking about<b></b>: why do opposite-sex couples deserve the right to be married but same-sex couples do not? Fair question. I stated above that society was willing to subsidize hetero marriage because it saw benefits in doing so, but I never enumerated those benefits. Society's Benefits from Marriage: 1. Financial security for woman and children  2. Exclusivity for man/woman with penalties for violations of that exclusivity 3. Property succession and dissolution upon divorce/death 4. Protection from forced testimony about partner 5. Societal stability 6. Perceived as a sacrament to religious followers 7. Establishes legal guardianship of children  I'm sure that I can think of others, but that should suffice for the time being.  I have no problem with you using your arguments to support banning marriage, but they only make sense in the context of banning marriage for everyone. If that is your intention, then I don't really think that gay rights play a factor here. If not, your argument only follows if you give reasons why one group of people deserves all of these marriage rights, but a different group does not.  Let me know what you think.  The latter, of course. I'm not anti-marriage. In fact I've been "institutionalized" with the same woman for 26 great years so far. I just don't see the benefits to society for promoting gay marriage. All I see are increased chances for abuse of the law, additional costs and a promotion of a lifestyle that I , personally, believe is deviant. (not deviant as in "sinister", but in the sense of "abnormal") But that's not to say that I'm closed minded and can't be persuaded otherwise. There are other things that I consider deviant, but can tolerate, none-the-less.
I will first state that I fully support gay marriage because it would provide equal rights for individuals under the law.  The laws on marriage don't discriminate against gays now. Anybody has the right to marry a single person of the opposite sex. What you want is a change in the definition of marriage that excludes the provision stating "opposite sex". Right now, as written, marriage laws apply equally to all. They just aren't as inclusive as you would like them to be.  Your argument about additional financial cost to to governmens are simply incorrect. I refer you to a recent study prepared by the Congressional Budget Office at the request of Congress:  http://www.cbo.gov/showdoc.cfm?index=5559&sequence=0  In summary, it states:  Thank you for the link. I'll take a look and reply.   Your argument regarding increased cost to businesses is also incorrect. I refer you to:  http://barbelgin.typepad.com//hrc-businessimpact.pdf (Adobe Acrobat Reader required) Again, thanks for the link.  If anything, the special dependant class already exists in the form of the heterosexual married couple, funded by the rest of society, married or not. Any "loopholes" that exist are now only to the exclusive benefit of heterosexual married couples. I have never disagreed that marriage is a special dependent class. My point is that it is a society-sanctioned special class.  I fail to see where any "unfunded mandate" is involved. Could you please explain? Any new law that, as a result of its enactment, increases the costs to state or businesses by <$50Million is subject to mandatory Congressional review. The costs associated with gay marriage, and you provided one estimate from the CBO above, thank you, will far exceed that number and therefore, is an unfunded mandate.
"Husband" is not a new class. Agreed, when the husband is part of a hetero relationship. Gay husband is not a legally recognized category.  "Wife" is not a new class. Agreed, when the wife is part of a hetero relationship. Gay wife is not a legally recognized category.  Or, as many laws are now written, "spouse" is not a new class. Agreed, when the spouse is part of a hetero relationship. Gay spouse is not a legally recognized category.  That the "husband" or "wife" is part of a same-sex couple would have absolutely no bearing on his or her legal rights -- that's the point of equality -- so the "new class" your arguments are based on is a fantasy.  I disagree. If there were 500,000 gay couples in the US today that wanted to get married and Uncle Sam said "OK", instantly, 500,000 people who 5 minutes before had zero legal standing and NO chance of gaining any benefits as a married partner, with respects to SS, Medicare, gov't pensions, tax breaks, etc., suddenly become stakeholders. I'd call that the creation of a new class of dependent. To argue otherwise is to be in denial.
I'm not married and I don't want your class to be dependent on my class. Sorry, "society" says I have to. Well, soon society may be telling you to support some new "dependent class."  It already has happened many times in the past. Ever hear of ADA, Welfare, AA?  It wouldn't even be a mandate. The US congress would not be doing the law passing. The US Congress has to review STATE laws? A valid question, so I'll respond. I don't believe that a State-by-state approach to gay marriage will work. We have already seen that. Advocates will attempt to use the "full faith and credit act" in order to force other states to recognize gay marriage without their consent. This won't sit well with the more conservative states, as we've already seen, hence the ballot initiatives in 19 states that actually rolled back some of the potential gains made in some instances. I believe that the only chance for gay marriage being made legal is a national initiative. State-by-state, it'll get creamed.
I started this thread, in good faith, at the request of Jaxian. The intent was to have an honest debate over the pros and cons of gay marriage without the emotional outbursts, name calling, invectives and deragotory comments that I was seeing in other threads on the topic. Unfortunately, some have found it impossible to debate the topic in a logical, civil manner. So, in an attempt to keep the debate civil, I'm not going to respond to cheap shots, personal attacks and inflammatory comments. If you have an opinion to voice, please do so in a respectful manner and I will reply in kind.
I support the libertarian idea of getting the government out of marriage altogether. I see this as a middle ground, for it grants us complete freedom in marriage without having the government actually recognize all of those oddball marriages.
I support the libertarian idea of getting the government out of marriage altogether. I see this as a middle ground, for it grants us complete freedom in marriage without having the government actually recognize all of those oddball marriages.  How would you deal with issues such as inheritance, SS, etc. ? I know that, ideally, you wouldn't want SS, but how would you deal with it in the interim?
I started this thread, in good faith, at the request of Jaxian. The intent was to have an honest debate over the pros and cons of gay marriage without the emotional outbursts, name calling, invectives and deragotory comments that I was seeing in other threads on the topic. Unfortunately, some have found it impossible to debate the topic in a logical, civil manner. So, in an attempt to keep the debate civil, I'm not going to respond to cheap shots, personal attacks and inflammatory comments. If you have an opinion to voice, please do so in a respectful manner and I will reply in kind.  Heh, it didn't take long did it?
Some sort of marriage is needed when you need to deal with health insurance, inheritance and child custody. The point is that marriage was created for these reasons and served it purpose well. It just is not extended to all couples.  Or civil union. IMO, the only real disadvantage of a civil union right now is portability. Also some would say they view it to be a 'separate but equal' catagory, though I don't have a problem with that. It IS separate--gay couples are not straight couples.  Civil unions would probably bring on the same financial problems that gay marriage would, although I don't agree with JP on all of this. I think he is right that anyone could try to claim the marriage loopholes by saying 'hey, THIS is a marriage too', but I don't agree that it's necessarily going to be that much more expensive on our economy if that happens, even given the fact it's gay people who are currently doing that.   It would be interesting to see what financial effects that gay marriage is having in Massachusetts, as well the effects that civil unions have had in Vermont.
Some sort of marriage is needed when you need to deal with health insurance, inheritance and child custody.  Inheritance and child custody are two things I oppose along with the statist recognition of marriage. These things are authoritarian and inegalitarian. But health insurance? Correct me if I'm wrong, but single people can get health insurance. You don't need marriage for that.
HAHAH.  School performance of students is directly related to who adults have sex with. What a funny comment.  -Mach  Making gay marriage legal would create new curriculums to help students learn about, and make decisions about this new "freedom" that they will have. More social engeering means less time for practical learning. Considering what the numbers clearly show us about how our children currently compare with other countries in the practical learning department, WE CAN'T AFFORD IT.
I suspect his complaints about civility are directed at me. My posts aren't very friendly anymore. Frankly, I'm pretty sick and tired of self-righteous a-holes asking me to be "polite" when all they do is come on to gay-rights boards and yank people's chains month after month after month.  Anyway, I suppose I shouldn't have been rude, because all it's done is given him an opportunity to ignore the point that "husband" and "wife" are not new classes and there is no legal distinction between a "gay husband" and a "straight husband".   On the other hand, it does relieve a bit of stress to stop being nice to people who get such fulfillment from taunting gay people.  3 Things . . .  a.) This is a debate forum, here for the purpose of debating the issue of gay rights. By its nature, it invites and encourages people of various viewpoints regarding this subject and others. People of views from all sides of the aisle come here assuming is is ok to argue their views. One assumes that, by coming and posting in a debate forum as you have, that you would be prepared for the fact that there are other views here than your own.  b.) I have seen nothing in JP's posts that indicate he is here to 'taunt' you. Or 'yank your chain' as you say. Why can you not accept that he is here to debate? That is what this forum is for, is it not? Please indicate, no . . . cite where JP has taunted you. With this accusation, you need to pony up the evidence. For that matter JP even started this thread with the admonition that it be civil. Did you not even read the first post?  c.) You say you shouldn't have been rude because it gives him an 'opportunity to ignore your point'; but why would not want to avoid being rude, period, if you don't want people being rude to you? Hearing something you don't like to hear and calling it "taunting" or "yanking people's chains" just because it is a different opinion that you can't seem to win over doesn't do anything for the discussion. Frankly, you have been more rude JPSarte himself. Perhaps it is you who is here to 'yank people's chains.'
So the fact that it is not legally recognized is the problem. What is the reason it's not legally recognized? Because the couple is gay. They're not legally recognized because they don't meet the legal criteria for marriage, ie one man, one woman. A cat doesn't meet the legal definition of a dog. Do we change the definition of dog to appease the cat? That's the real question to be answered by society.  Where do you get the figure of 500,000 gay couples who want to immediately be married? Would these gay couples beat the straight couples in some kind of a race to the weddings occurring at the same time, or occurring over the course of a month or a year? Actually, I pulled the number out of the air for illustrative purposes only, but after reading the CBO report, I see that I wasn't far off. They predicted 600,000 gay couples would want to get married it allowed.
Some sort of marriage is needed when you need to deal with health insurance, inheritance and child custody. The point is that marriage was created for these reasons and served it purpose well. It just is not extended to all couples. That's a legitimate point of contention, IMO. I think that the debate should be undertaken as any other policy debate is handled. What are the costs (both monetary and social) and benefits (both monetarial and social) of enacting such a law.  I appreciate JP's feeling that this should be a civil debate. I hope that I have come off as civil (or as best as I can being the sarcastic boy that I can be). My problem with many of your arguments is the are Federal argumetns and marriage is a states' issue. How do you account for that? We've disagreed civily in the past even when our words were misinterpreted.  As I stated in an earlier post, I believe that gay marriage has to be undertaken from a federal standpoint. The 1996 Defense of Marriage Act defines a marriage as a union between one man and one woman. If a state redefines marriage differently than the federal statute, then it is likely to be challenged in the SCOTUS.   Your arguments (and rightfully so) are mostly financial, which I have to say is much more interesting a debate than the normal religious stuff.  Agreed. There's no ground in which to debate gay marriage if you follow a strict Christian interpretation of the Bible.   BUT I can't see where the line is drawn between the christian right wanting more couples to marry and gay couples marrying. Both by your arguments would have the same effect, but again you keep talking in federal terms and marriage is a states' issue.  I have to keep backing up to the point that society on a whole accepts the costs associated with hetero marriages because it sees the benefits in them.  Although many of the benefits are Federal, likejoint tax returns. Most heterosexual couples don't file joint returns either. There needs to be a large difference between the two incomes for that to be a good way to file. Other than that the rest of the benefits are at the state level. I believe that most married couples file jointly, but I'll do a little research before stating it's a fact.  How do you respond to that? SS, Medicare and employer paid healthcare bennies aren't state issues, so I don't understand your assertion.  emoticon_confused
Heh, well we'll see how long they can do it. I guess I'd have to reluctantly admit that it didn't take long for some....but I'm an eternal optimist and think civility will prevail. Besides, I try not to judge everybody by the acts of a few.  It seems that the bulk of your opposition to gay marriage is based on financial reasons. Am I to assume then that if it turned out gay marriage cost nothing more to society financially, and perhaps even helped society in that regard, you'd no longer be opposed to gay marriage? I prefaced my argument by saying that I wouldn't address the religious argument, only the financial ones.  To some extent I agree with you, in that any group could come along who didn't want to have to pay property taxes to transfer property or wanted to claim SS entitlements and simply try to be recognized as a group for which marriage benefits should apply. That is in effect, what gays are doing. In their case they are doing it by changing the standard we use to determine what suffices for a marriage: opposite gender couples. I agree in some respects and disagree with others. What bothered me in previous debates was the intellectual dishonesty exhibited by most supporters when I would make the assertion that "it's all about the Benjamins". They said that they supported gay marriage "on principle" not fiscal grounds. Jaxian was one of the first to admit that economics was a significant part of the issue.
Inheritance and child custody are two things I oppose along with the statist recognition of marriage. These things are authoritarian and inegalitarian. But health insurance? Correct me if I'm wrong, but single people can get health insurance. You don't need marriage for that.  You do, generally, if you want your spouse's employer paying for it. And the cost of private health insurance isn't trivial. It can be several thousands/year for young people and $10 thousand/year for older couples.
YOu have some good points here, but the problem with this society right now is that Civil Unions are seen as "not as good". Why do some get marriage and some get civil unions. There is no other place in the legal system where this sort of separtion of class exists. Why it is unconstitutional. It defies equality. It isn't unconstitutional because any citizen is free to marry a member of the opposite sex as defined by The Defense of Marriage Act of 1996.  Civil unions are like marriage light. Would straights be allowed to have civil unions if they don't want to marry? What will people say when the first straight couples sues for a civil union saying they want the same rights as gays. Ah yes, another slippery slope. The same slippery slope that bigamists can slide down in the future if marriage can be redefined yet one more time.   Civil Unions are sorta why have a loaf of bread when everyone else gets the whole bakery? And that's what happens when something doesn't meet the definition of a bakery. You get short-loafed instead. :)
The term "classes of citizens" suggests that each class is treated differently. If we have two "classes" which both recieve the same treatment under the law, those classes are really the same class. So by legalizing same-sex marriage, we are not creating any new class, we are allowing more people to enter an already-existing class. It is acceptable to make distinctions about the differences between people in a class, but it is all the same class. That being said, I understand that more people will be moving into a class in which they are granted more benefits under the law. Your statement above does not yet introduce any new ways that allowing more people to join this class is a bad thing. I'm not "married" (pun imtended) to the term class. I could just as easily said "new group" or new "category". The key point was "new".  You did suggest that unmarried heterosexual couples would still be discriminated against, even if we allowed same-sex couples to marry. This is simply not the case. If we allowed same-sex couples to marry, the government would be extending the offer to as many people as possible. It gives everyone the freedom to choose whether or not to accept the benefits it offers. It discriminates against no one. Rights are not something that should be handed out only if the politician in charge approves. They are not something that should be taken away simply because your society doesn't want you to have rights. Even annoying people have rights. I didn't go into enough detail with respect to unmarried hetero couples. Right now, most states have "common law" marriage statutes in which a partner of the opposite sex can lay claim to a portion of their unmarried partner's property if they've lived together for a defined period of time. Allowing gay marriage without also rewriting common law statutes discriminates against unmarried heteros living together. Without legal gay marriage, gay partners don't have to worry about common law statutes being used against them by their partner. Does that explain it better?  Aha, this is the type of argument that your previous post was lacking. Your previous post could not be understood as standing against same-sex marriage without making the distinction that you believe those things are okay, but only if society willingly approves them. Now that I have this information, I am able to formulate a response. Sorry for my lack of clarity in prior posts WRT society's willingness to foot the bill.  First, I should point out what has already been mentioned: that it is possible society would be paying less money in taxes if same-sex marriage is passed. I do not claim to know the answer, but I'm sure I can look up some solid facts presented by those who know more on this topic than I do and relay the information to you as well as posting a link to it. The CBO estimate was ~$1Billion/ year in additional costs for legalizing 600,000 gay marriages.  However, the reason that I do not know for certain whether society will be paying money or saving it is that I do not believe it matters. I do not believe the laws we pass on how money is spent should be related to the will of the society to pay that money. The reason for this is that we are not actually talking about the will of society, we are talking about the will of the majority. Let me pose this situation: we have a society of ninty percent white and ten percent is black people. The white people vote that the black people must must pay a fee each month. This fee would then be distributed equally into the bank accounts of all of the white people. Basically, the white people vote that the black people must pay them money. Is this justifyable? I think we will both agree that it is not. But couldn't it be said that it is the will of society? I mean, ninty percent of the people voted for it, right? Well, yes, ninty percent of people voted for it, but that doesn't mean it is acceptable for people to pass such a law. It also isn't really the will of everyone in the society, it is the will of the majority, which is abusing their power. The majority is making the minority suffer to benefit itself. Now, you may be thinking "that's a totally different situation than same-sex marriage." But is it really? The majority and minority don't have to be black and white, they could be Christian and Muslim, German and Italian, or even straight and gay. It doesn't matter what group of people we're talking about; it is absurd to think that the minority should have to benefit the majority, even if the majority of people in a society vote for that to happen. Now if we assume that marriage does cause dependency and does force people to pay for it (whether those people be businesses or individuals), then we must concede that those non-married people are somehow paying or losing out in order to benefit the married people. We are also saying that only the majority, heterosexual couples, are allowed to get married; they are the only ones entitled to this benefit. Tell me, do you really think that homosexual couples agree to a definition of marriage that does not include same-sex relationships? Would you vote to pay for someone else's marriage if they would not return the favor for you? Even if same-sex couples did agree to this, it would be out of compassion, not because it is any more fair than whites forcing blacks to pay them. An interesting scenario. Let me reply with an example of my own. The top 5% of wage earners pay over 30% of all Federal Income Taxes in the US because the majority of US citizens supported higher taxation on the wealthy. Is that not similar to your scenario, except that in your scenario the blacks footed the bill and in mine the wealthy footed the bill? But I digress. To get back to your point, there are "inalienable rights" and there are social standards. Gay marriage doesn't fall in the category of inalienable rights, IMO, it falls in the area of social standards. Social standards are subject to evolution, adaptation and refinement as determined by society as a whole. These types of laws aren't carved in stone, so to speak, but are semi-fluid and change as social mores change.  So my point above is that simply because society "agrees" to something does not mean that is morally correct to obey them. In fact, it may be just as likely to be morally incorrect. This reason is why we have legislators whose job it is to think these things through in the first place. Our federal government was designed not only to balance power across its different branches, but to balance out the power that the majority has to oppress the minority (but that is a different discussion, more of which can be read about in the Federalist Papers).  I should also point out here that even though you make the claim that society has not decided to pay for same-sex marriage, my argument here is not that we should force it upon society against its will but that the individuals in the society should change their viewpoint. People like you and I should be willing to grant marriage to any two people in love, not just a specific kind of two people. In effect, you are arguing that people should think same-sex marriage is wrong because society thinks same-sex marriage is wrong. But people make up the society, so you're really arguing that people should think same-sex marriage is wrong because people think same-sex marriage is wrong. I do not think that I can agree with that chain of logic.  Right now, the majority of Americans DO believe that gay marriage IS wrong. This has been demonstrated in 19 states that overwhelmingly voted against gay marriage. You have your work cut out for you in trying to convince the majority of Americans that there is a benefit to society in allowing gay marriages.  I should start by saying that this is not a reason to disapprove of same-sex marriage. Certainly if the legislature passed same-sex marriage, it could not be called an unfunded mandate. If the cost of initiating gay marriage is <$50Million, then it is an unfunded mandate by definition and as the CBO calculated, the costs will far exceed $50Million.  Also, is an argument not about why same-sex marriage causes harm or is otherwise unjustiable, it is an argument about why a specific method of legalizing same-sex marriage might be considered illegal. So whether you think this is an unfunded mandate or not, it is really not justification to disagree with same-sex marriage. It is one of several reasons enumerated, not the only one.   That being said, such a ruling would not be an unfunded mandate. As I think examples illustrate points very well, let us assume that some businesses are paying people different amounts of money depending on their race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, or something equally absurd. The courts get this case and rule that the business must not use race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, or whatever the trait may be as a factor in determining salary. This is not really an unfunded mandate; it isn't telling a business that it has to raise the salaries of the oppressed group of people to match everyone else's, it is simply saying that the salaries must be distributed evenly. The business would certainly be justified in lowering everyone's salary, splitting the total salary budget up equally, or partaking in whatever method it chose in order to meet the court's ruling. The same could be said of health care; if the court rules that the sex of the people involved in a marriage cannot be used as a factor in determing whether those people get health care benefits and they allow same-sex marriage, then businesses would not be forced to increase costs, they would be forced to treat each of their employees equally in whatever way they saw fit. The same budget could certainly be dispersed equally in health care benefits. Your arguing apples and oranges. There are laws already on the books, prior to the unfunded mandate statute, that prohibit discrimination in employment. Gays partners have no legal status today, so the granting of legal status to them will result in increased expenditures by business.  Another factor to consider is that businesses are not really the subject here, we are only considering allowing more people to engage in marriage. We wouldn't be forcing a business to immediately take action, they would continue their standard pattern of giving people health care benefits based on their marital status. More people would be allowed to get married, and they would thus have more benefits to disperse, but certainly no business policy is changed in any way. As an example, the courts might extend the definition of what is considered "handicap". Perhaps they issue a ruling that blind people are now officially added to the "handicap" list. The courts aren't forcing businesses to make new accomodations in this case, they are simply telling businesses to keep doing what they've been doing, though more people might be allowed to take part in the existing accomodations.  Not true. If the government changes the definition of handicapped to include a previously non-covered group, and the net effect is to increase costs <$50Million, it is an unfunded mandate. Back during GW1's presidency, they changed the definition of disabled and incurred increased costs through the ADA to pay drunks and drug addicts benefits. http://www.usccr.gov/pubs/ada/ch4.htm The redefining of "disabled" did, indeed, cost a sizeable amount of money.  A final note to consider is that disallowing same-sex couples from getting the same marriage benefits from businesses in effect gives businesses a loophole through which they can hire people without having to give those people benefits. Not the best argument, but you seemed interested in creative loophole concepts.  It's not a loophole if the gay partner has no legal standing. As far as the employer is concerned, the partner is a non-issue. Now, if you could prove that an employer didn't hire you because YOU were gay, that'd be a whole different ballgame.  This is addressed in my writings about society possibly saving money and how it wouldn't matter even if they did not in my writings above. To which I would refer you back to my previous paragraph on mores and inalienable rights.  Excellent, now let me list the benefits of same-sex relationships: 1. Financial security for women and children. Agreed. 2. Financial security for men and children. Agreed. 3. No exclusivity for man/woman with no penalties for violations of that exclusivity This isn't a benefit to society, quite the contrary. 4. Property succession and dissolution upon divorce/death could be either a benefit or detriment 5. Protection from testimony about partner Agreed. 6. Societal stability [b] Possibly, but the jury's out[b] 7. Periceved as sacrament to religious followers.  not in any religion that I'm familiar with 8. Establishes legal guardianship of children. Agreed.  And that is just the beginning! Did you know there are over 1,000 benefits granted to married couples?  Yes, I read the CBO report. :)  All those could benefit both same-sex couples and opposite-sex couples if we allowed same-sex marriage. You assume that the majority want gays to enjoy those same benefits. That's a big assumption.  As you can see, the same set of arguments that you use in support of opposite-sex marriage can be used to support same-sex marriage. I think some of them speak for themselves, but if you have more questions on them, let me know. As for the ones that don't, I will go into more detail.  1 and 2: Just as there are male-male couples, there are female-female couples. Considering that same-sex couples very often have children, it is just as important to make them financially secure and able to raise those children as it is to do so with opposite-sex couples.  3: This I feel is an important one. I don't see your exclusivity of marriage to be a good thing for any reason whatsoever. First of all, there is absolutely no reason to suggest that same-sex parents would make worse parents than opposite-sex parents. I've heard a few comments like "the kids will be teased more in school", but in truth, a kid is just as likely to be teased because his parents are overweight, don't speak English, are too protective, or any of a million other reasons that don't matter. I've heard the same said about the child feeling different, and those same examples can be used to show a child feeling different. In truth, every child has to come to terms with his or her families' differences, but just because a child's family is different from someone else's doesn't make it worse.  Now then, I did write that the lack of exclusivity is a bad thing. Some of the reasons I wrote this are because of equal rights for all couples, freedom to live the way you choose, and granting everyone the same opportunity at happiness. I think you understand that these are very good things, and perhaps you get a good idea of how same-sex marriage promotes these things from what I wrote above. If not, I will go into more detail. But another very important benefit comes from giving same-sex couples the right to marry that may not be so intuitive. These couples have more incentive to have children. It is true that often same-sex couples have their children because of previous relationships, but it is equally common that they get their children through adoption or foster parenting. This is a very good thing. The life of a child in an adoption home or child placement center is a very horrible one. The child lives with no family and the government is forced to pay for all of his or her living expenses. Such a home is no place for a child to grow up, and we have far more children in these homes than people are willing to take in. Allowing same-sex couples to marry would give these children loving, caring families, and that is something that changes the lives of those children for the better in every way possible.  By exclusive, I meant monogomous. Surely you aren't going to argue that promiscuity is a benefit to society? ;)   7: Same-sex couples certainly have religion, and are very often Christian. Marriage is as important religiously to them as it is to anyone else. Now, I know that any sort of religous marriage is already legal and that it is only government recognition of the partnership that is lacking, but as you said, it is religious perception. It is usually just as religiously important to same-sex couples to be married as it is for opposite-sex couples, and no one should be able to tell those people that the government cannot recognize their relationship. I'm not familiar with any religion that promotes gay marriage. Enlighten me.  8: Well, I think I explained this well in point 3.  Well, it may surprise you that I believe that it is deviant to believe that same-sex marriage is immoral (in the sense that it is abnormal). This is because I believe that it is normal for most people to want to treat others the way they wish to be treated themselves. I believe it is normal for others to work toward the happiness of others, especially when that happiness does not interfere with their own happiness. But it does not follow for me that one can oppose same-sex marriage and follow those rules. It seems to me that people have been told or told themselves that same-sex marriage is bad for so long that they have sort of convinced themselves to deviate from human compassion on this one issue. Well, I suppose what I just said doesn't really mean much of anything, just that someone who want to spend his or her life with the one he or she loves does not qualify as "deviant" behavior in my book. It is not something that must be "tolerated", it is something that should be enjoyed for the good present in its nature. Homosexuality is deviant in the sense that it isn't "the norm". That doesn't mean that it can't have benefits that outweigh its 'abnormal" nature. I'm a very strong advocate for kids and I believe that any loving couple is better than a single parent home or similar.  You wrote that you do not see the benefits of same-sex marriage. I know I went into the benefits of allowing same-sex couples to adopt, but I also spoke on same-sex marriage promoting equality, freedom, and happiness. Let me expand on that.  Equality seems very simple to explain. Currently those who love someone of the opposite sex and choose to enter a relationship with that person are granted a set of benefits under the law. This same set of benefits could be extended to those who love someone of the same sex, but it is not, and they are still forced to pay any costs in taxes that salary cuts from businesses that might be accrued through these benefits being bestowed upon someone else. This simple fact violates equality, and I think this is clear and easy to understand. What may not be clear is why equality is so imporant. Granting a set of rights to one group of people that another does not have elevate the first group over the second. The more equality is removed, the more one group is elevated over the other and the more that first group is leeching off of the second group. If the first group could provide those same bonuses to the second group without causing any real harm, the first group is obligated to do so. For the powerful to take things for themselves that they could just as easily share with the weak crosses the line of moral evil. The concept of equality is a lot easier to conceptualize than to put into practice. We, as a society, preach equality in principle, but practice inequality in all aspects of our lives. As I mentioned above, the tax code is a great example of institutionalized inequality. Businesses practice institutionalized inequality daily. For example, I am considered, by my employer, to be an HCI (highly compensated individual). As a result, I pay a much higher rate for the same healthcare coverage that my fellow employees get. Is that fair? I guess as I get older, I worry less about abstract concepts that sound good in theory but don't exist in practice.  Freedom might be a bit more difficult to understand. Though the government is not granting the same set of benefits that it gives opposite-sex couples to same-sex couples, it is not actually taking any anyone's freedom to behave in the manner they please. Or is it? By benefiting one lifestyle over another, the government is directly promoting that specific lifestyle. Taken to the extreme, the government could just as easily imprision those who don't live the way the government commands and claim that those people have complete freedom, they just don't have the "benefit" of walking around that other people get. The lack of these benefits could be considered a fine for not living the way the government intends, or more accurately, the government is promoting one lifestyle over another. To any extent which the government does this, we all lose a bit of freedom to behave in the manner that we want. Of course there are good reasons to restrict freedom, taking into consideration murder and stealing, however those are actions that cause harm to people; they are restricted to protect the rights of others, to stop harm. I do not think that any of the reasons you listed are harms that opposite-sex marriage does not also imply, and I think most of the harms you listed are not really harms at all as explained above. In fact, same-sex marriage brings plenty of benefits (again, as I explained above). This in no way warrants the restriction of freedom. Interesting. What you call a fine for non-compliance, I call a benefit FOR compliance. There are lots of examples of laws designed to promote social changes. Tax codes that favor married couples is but one example. Another would be IRAs. Uncle Sam rewards people for saving money by deferring taxes on that money. It rewards home owners with deductions for mortgage interest. I don't see rewarding hetero marriage as being any different. The government is promoting hetero marriage.  Finally I come to happiness: this is the end of all governments. Governments exist to make as many of their citizens as happy as possible, or at least give them all as much an opportunity to persue happiness as they can. The ideas of freedom and equality are really only a means to help people achieve happiness, to help the achieve the best standard of living they can, to help them be able to do the things in life they want to do, to help people in any way they can. With same-sex marriage, we have the opportunity to help a set of people without bringing harm to anyone. We have the power to give the same rights that we hold to a group of people different from ourselves. We have an opportunity to help people, and I am forced to conclude that we cannot call ourselves equal, we cannot call ourselves the land of the free, and we cannot call ourselves a morally good society if we do not take that opportunity.  I'd like to see freedom and equality myself. I'd like to see Uncle Sam get out of the business of social engineering, restricting my personal freedom and enslaving my children and grandchildren with ever-growing debt. maybe gays and Conservatives should join forces and bring about changes that will benefit all of us and make us all happy.
This is circular reasoning however. It's stating that marriage simply is heterosexual, and so completely ends debate.  Exactly my point, just as a cat can never be considered a dog just because someone wants it to be. To me, and I'm guessing millions of others, the term gay marriage is an oxymoron. That's not to say that we shouldn't consider the possibility of allowing gay unions with, possibly, equivalent rights to hetero couples if we, as a society, see the benefit in doing so.  For example, prior to FDR, the concept of state welfare was considered ludicrous and unconstitutional, but he was able to get enough support (and enough political muscle) to change society's mind on the role of the Federal gov't once he demonstrated the "good" that doing so had on America in its most dire time of need. People were willing to sacrifice a little freedom for security just as Ben Franklin had warned against. Now, I'll be the first to tell you that I think FDR was the biggest threat to American freedom that ever existed, but one can't argue his ability to change public opinion on the role of the Federal gov't.
It can be an oxymoron because it already exists in Canada, Mass, and parts of Europe. It is already there.  Only because they've forced the name marriage onto a different sort of 'union.' Might as well have renamed "cats" to "dogs" in order to make a cat as much like a dog as possible. It's still an oxymoron.  Just because up till now Gay marriage wasn't in the scope of your possiblities doesn't mean it won't be later. Up until now no one thought gays would ever matter. So the country is in the stages of acceptance. Denial, bargaining, anger, depression and soon acceptance. I will show you.  Then you aren't even to stage one, if your progression is to be taken seriously. As soon as Mass. declared it would have gay marriage, gay rights lost some of the biggest battles it's ever had. Every ballot initiative that was up for vote. And now the Mass. situation is getting to be up in the air. Oh and San Francisco tried it and that was a disaster too--now all of those marriages were unconsitutional and didn't even count. You guys are going backwards.
Years ago people just like you said the same things about so many advances..."IT COULDN"T BE DONE" but it has been done and will not be undone..walking on the moon.......women voting......Blacks as legislators.....the end of slavery.......palm pilots......You would be surprised what we as a society are capable of doing.  Homosexuality is a bane. It is more akin to moving back into the times of slavery than moving out of it. You need to stop sugarcoating it and portraying it as something so benign. Allowing homosexual marriage is a step backwards for this country, not a step forwards like civil rights in the 60s. I was FOR civil rights in the 60s. I was always against things like segregation, but this issue is just you expecting America to give a stamp of approval on perversion in the form of marriage, by broadening what constitutes a marriage.  You just need to admit you do not wish gay people happiness  Sorry, but if happiness to you is nothing but who you have sex with, then that only underscores why so many people are against your movement.
Homosexuality is a bane. It is more akin to moving back into the times of slavery than moving out of it. You need to stop sugarcoating it and portraying it as something so benign. Allowing homosexual marriage is a step backwards for this country, not a step forwards like civil rights in the 60s. I was FOR civil rights in the 60s. I was always against things like segregation, but this issue is just you expecting America to give a stamp of approval on perversion in the form of marriage, by broadening what constitutes a marriage.  Of course, if we ended government involvement in marriage, gays would have their rights without having a "stamp of approval."
I must correct you again. Assuming you really did read the CBO report, you completely misunderstood it. I will quote the summary for you again:  Available online at http://www.cbo.gov/showdoc.cfm?index=5559&sequence=0  I sincerely hope that if you wish this to be a civil discussion as you state in your opening post, that you cease dissemination falsehoods. Do do so merely undermines any credibility you may have left.  My apologizies. I read it hastily and got it completely bassackwards. The CBO estimate in your link did, indeed, say that the result would be up to ~$1Billion surplus.
A few more thoughts on unfunded mandates... Though looking at wsm's post it does seem that same-sex marriage would not cost taxpayers money, I have more evidence which suggests that even if it did cost taxpayers money, it would not fall under the category of "unfunded mandate."  Looking at the Unfunded Mandate Act: http://www.doi.gov/nrl/RegWeb/Umra1.htm  It appears that under the exclusions act is the point that this shall not apply to any regulation which "enforces constitutional rights of individuals". Since the courts would most certainly be saying that same-sex marriage is a constitutional right because of the fourteenth ammendment (which reads in part, "No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws."), unfunded mandates cannot apply to a court ruling in this case.  But you forget that The 1996 Defense of Marriage Act specifically says that marriage is a union between man and woman and that any state may refuse to recognize any other state's gay marriage statute. In effect, it nullifies the full faith and credit clause in the 14th.
It can be an oxymoron because it already exists in Canada, Mass, and parts of Europe. It is already there.  Just because up till now Gay marriage wasn't in the scope of your possiblities doesn't mean it won't be later. Up until now no one thought gays would ever matter. So the country is in the stages of acceptance. Denial, bargaining, anger, depression and soon acceptance. I will show you.  1. Denial. Mass declared it would have gay marriage. The country said no it will never happen. The legislature will stop it, the courts will stop it. Denails sets in.  2. Then the Bargining, "what about civil unions. We will give you Civil Unions and that will save marriage from the gays.   3. Anger.....Ammedments everywhere......  4. Depression....we can't stop this.....it is just happening.......  5. Acceptance. OH! You guys are married ....cool.   All that IS one possible scenario. Another is: 1.Denial - NFW 2. Bargaining - civil unions? 3. Reaction - 2004 election 4. Action - 37 state ratifications of anti-gay marriage amendment 5. Bulletproof Federal Amendment banning same-sex marriage that is SCOTUS proof because, although it contradicts the 5th and 14th Amendment, it is new law that that was Constitutionally initiated.  If you don't want the scenario above, you need to tread lightly on John Q. Public and not get "up in his grill".
You really are so homophobic and yet you claim not to be, so really a hypocrite would define you better. You have no idea what it means to be loved or you would understand that gays have love not sex.  Joe, what would make you say something like that? I feel like one of the most loved people in the world! I think that is part of the reason that I DO hope to see gay people moving out of a life of perverison. Why is it that you cannot accept that people have concerns about this issue of homosexuality? That doesn't make them a bigot.  and you should be for them now, but you are not, that really does make you the bigot that you are.  Sure I am. That's why I am for civil rights for everyone and always have been--but homosexuality and gay marriage isn't a civil right. This is a non-related issue.  you are just a bigot.  Hey Joe, you are a bigot. (There, I too can say it where it doesn't apply.) If I were a bigot, don't you think I'd be FOR discrimination? I'm not.
So you also recognize that your argument that same-sex marriage does not benefit society is also "bassackwards"?  Finally! Some progress.  Remember... this thread is supposed to be about fiscal concerns.  Well I see the poster who thinks everyone who argues with him is here to "taunt" him is back.
Yep and in a better mood, too. And I certainly don't think, and never said, that everyone who argues against gay rights is "taunting", just the folks who come back month after month and drop little "bane" bombs from time to time.  Better run for cover, here comes another of those bunkerbusting nuke bomb 400 megaton differing opinions coming in at 6:00 o'clock! Wouldn't want you to have recurring flashbacks 10 years from now or anything.
Honey, your analogy is all wrong. If cats are cats but dogs aren't allowed to be dogs...would be more to the point.  A cat is a specific species of animal, as is a dog. Calling a cat a dog or vice versa, doesn't make it so. That was my point.  If the law allowed cats to mate with cats and dogs were FORCED to mate with cats is how it is similar to what we have now.  What we are trying to do is make it so dogs can mate with dogs without being discriminated against.  Damn, what is so frelling hard about this? Huh? In the strictest sense of the word, dogs CAN'T mate with cats. They are two differing species that don't share the same gene sets. If you want to prolong the analogy, I could argue that what you are proposing is mating cats to dogs, because there is no chance of procreating either species as a result as in gay "mating".   "To mate" is not just a sexual issue. Even with ducks, who "mate" for life, it goes way beyond sexual activity. It's an emotional bonding. Do ducks mate for life as single sex couples? No, so it's a bad analogy on your part because it just reinforces natural heterosexual mating practices. emoticon_rolleyes
This is not true. A bill passed by the legislature cannot overrule the Constitution of the United States. The job of the courts as listed in the Constitution is specifically to overrule any bill passed by the legislature that violates the rights of the people presented in the Constitution. Should the courts rule that the defense of marriage act is invalid, they would be doing precisely that which they were designed to do. Perhaps I was unclear in my response. The DoMA is the law of the land until it is ruled unconstitutional by SCOTUS. I'm guessing that the law's writers anticipated, or were acting in response to, an attempt to apply the "full faith and credit clause" of the 14th to gay marriage as a legal maneuver around the will of the states not wanting gay marriage forced down their throats. It may, ultimately, be found unconstitutional.   If there is something I am missing, let me know, but the job of the courts is to judge the laws passed by the legislature to assure that they are not in violation of the Constitution. I see no possibility that the Defense of Marriage Act could overrule the 14th Ammendment. That is not to say that a new ammendment could not be passed which overrules the 14th Ammendment, however I feel that it would need to specifically state that the 14th Ammendment does not apply in the situation of marriage or else there would be a contradiction in the Constitution which the courts would have to sort out. As I stated above, DoMA is the law of the land until it is ruled unconstitutional. SCOTUS has several options if the case is brought to them, not all of which I'm familiar with, but, they can rule that the 14th doesn't apply, that they don't have jurisdiction, that the issue is too volitile for them to rule on (which they've done in the past), that DoMA is unconstitutional, etc.,  Regardless of the legal status of same-sex marriage, I hope that the logic I've used in my latest long post has helped you to understand why I think same-sex marriage is morally correct and opposing it is not.  I do understand your point better now, but I'm not convinced that it's the morally correct thing to do. Up until now, I've argued the economic impact of gay marriage and not the moral one. I'm reasonably satisfied that the economic costs that I anticipated as a result of legalizing gay marriage probably aren't an issue, but we haven't discussed the moral and health concerns that I have. Having conceded that the economical impact would be minimal, maybe we can move on to the non-economic issues next.
Actually yes, Ducks too have had life long same sex coupling. Same sex coupling has been noted in most animals including......humans.  I would assume that same sex coupling of ducks is rare, however. I had a pair of Mallard Ducks that returned to my pool like clockwork every year, a colorful male and a dull female. It was almost surreal watching them swim around in the water that collected on the pool cover, in the middle of a small backyard, in a large subdivision. :)
So you also recognize that your argument that same-sex marriage does not benefit society is also "bassackwards"? I have conceded that it doesn't have the negative financial impact that I thought it would.  Finally! Some progress. That WAS the purpose for my attempting to have a civil debate on what I thought the issues were.  Remember... this thread is supposed to be about fiscal concerns. I'd like to move past the fiscal concerns and onto the moral and health concerns if we can continue to do you with civility.
"Moral" concerns:  Morality is a tricky issue. I think each person's individual morals are as unique as the individual themselves and are based on their personal beliefs. Many of these personal beliefs are based on the religious values of the individual (but religion has it's own forum here). What one person may consider immoral, an other individual may not. Examples might include sale / consumption of alcohol and gambling as a simplistic starting point. At various times within the history of the USA, both have been tolerated. At other times they have been made illegal. There was even a constitutional ammendment regarding alcohol which was later repealed. Many states which once outlawed gambling now reap profits from state run lotteries and taxes on casino gambling.  Some people may feel the sale / consumption of alcohol is immoral because it does harm to the individual and others (ie.: drunk driving accidents and deaths).   However, please note that even though both the sale / consumption of alcohol and gambling are widely legal and accepted today, no one is forced to do either one. That is left up to the individual.  I personally believe that each individual is entitled to practice their moral values as long as in doing so, they cause no harm to another.  I think that most people who oppose same-sex marriage do so on the basis of their personal belief in what is or is not moral. I have no objection to anyone believing that homossexuality and / or same-sex marriage is immoral. What I object to is their imposition of their moral standards upon me when no one forces them to do either and it in no way harms them. Yet their imposition of their moral standards upon me DOES do ME harm! I am denied the same legal rights and benefits with the one I love and am personally committed to, that they enjoy.  I would ask: which is more "moral"; to accept that others may have moral standards and values different than mine, respect their right to believe as they choose, and act according to their morality as long as they harm no one; or to deny others the right to their moral standards and values even though they do me nor any other individual harm?  Thank you for laying out the basis for the next part of the debate. Unlike the economics of gay marriage, the moral repercussions aren't as easily quantified. Here are some of the "moral concerns" that I've heard expressed. I don't necessarily subscribe to them, but I'm laying them on the table for discussion.  1. Legalizing gay marriage will promote homosexuality, which is an unnatural condition 2. Legalizing gay marriage will corrupt straight children 3. It will increase the number of pedophiles 4. It is anti-Christian and America is predominantly a Christian society 5. It will weaken the institution of marriage  We can start with these and add or subtract as we see fit.   "Health" concerns:  I assume here you are refering to sexually transmitted diseases (STD's). While AIDS is transmitted by means other than sexual contact also, I am willing to include it in this discussion.  May we agree that STD's are spread by individuals having multiple sex partners; becoming infected by one sex partner and passing that infection on to another sex partner? In other words; "promiscuity"?  That promiscuity exist in both the gay and straight societies is a fact. I will even admit that promiscuity is more prevelant among gays than in the straight society as a whole. But is that really comparing apples to apples? What if one compared promiscuity among single gay individuals and single heterosexual individuals? I think they might both be higher than in comparson to committed couples of either sexual orientation. I have searched the Internet several times for a comparitive study of promiscuity among single gay to single straights and have been unable to find any. The only study I have been able to find is one conducted in Scandanavia by a doctor of a small (<30) sample of homosexual AIDS patients in committed relationships. Her conclusion was that homosexuals in committed relationships are more likely to be promiscuios than straight people in committed relationships. Having accumulated over 15 hours of college credit in statistics to gain my Bachelors degree, I find her conclusion somewhat flawed. If one assumes that AIDS is spread by promiscuity, then her sample was biased in that it only looked at homosexuals with AIDS in committed relationships, and notat all at any all homosexuals in committed relationships that did not have AIDS. Yet she mistakenly included all gays in committed relationships in her conclusion. She also failed to determine if the AIDS infection occured before or after the individual entered into a committed relationship (It is known that AIDS can remain dormant in a person for years).   Be that as it may, can we agreed that a decrease in promiscuity would lead to a decrease in STD's? Can we agree that promiscuity is less prevelant in committed couples (gay or straight) than in single individuals? If so, then from the issue of better health, would it not behove us to promote committed relationships (ie: marriage; gay or straight)?  Again, thank you for setting the framework for further debate. Here are some of the health concerns expressed. 1. AIDS is spread predominantly through homosexuals and legalizing gay marriage would lead to an increase in homosexuals and therefore AIDS 2. STDs. There is a greater incidence of STDs from gay transmission 3. Lifespan. Gays die at an earlier age than straights, so we should be discouraging homosexuality as we do smoking  I'll have to leave it here for now, but will finish later this evening.  You have gained a measure of my respect. I would be interested in your response.  Thanks you.
Gosh, I love a good typo! Good catch. emoticon_emb   In any case, I suppose a tepid concession is all we can expect.  And you were hoping for............? emoticon_confused
A forthright concession. Any maybe some discussion of how same-sex marriage benefits society in practical ways.  I was hoping that you'd be telling me the benefits, not vice versa. emoticon_rolleyes   Instead, we're off to your safe ground of "morality". Safe, not because you're right, but because morality IS relative and IS subjective.  But you forget, I'm not one of "those" who feels the need to impose my morality on everyone else. I'm more than willing to let society as a whole determine its own limits. While I'm a staunch defender of the Constitution (as written, not as interpreted), I'm way more flexible with public determined acceptable standards of behavior. I'll even cut my grass so that it is the same level as my neighbors. :)
 I fail to see how recognition of a loving commitment between two consenting adults would corrupt any child. Where is the connection?    Again, I fail to see a connection between a loving commitment between two consenting adults and pedophilia. If this logic were true, would not heterosexual marriage also lead to an increased number of pedophiles?   There's been very little reference made to children in this entire thread, and it's probably the heart of the matter in forming the anti-gay-marriage opinions of the majority.  If gay marriage is legalized, the adoption process will have to be made perfectly identical for gays and straights. Gay people will seek to adopt as many kids as possible, and will raise them in a way to steer them towards being gay. They will encourage them to act gay in school, and scream discrimination when straight parents and straight children take exception to it. It will be debatable if the straights have grounds to take exception to it, but there is no question that they will. It will create plenty of conflict, and further gays desire for special rights. (separate schools for gays)   Do you have any doubt that there would be more conflict in schools with the legalization of gay adoptions?
The next step to free thinking provides relief from the enormous pressure of blade height and all that entails. But it does often present changes in routine, priorities, peer groups and has been known to require relocation, so be cautious or you could become a traditional Republican who doesn't care what other people do as long as it costs you as little as possible while keeping them self-contained.  Well, I figure it's the least I could do considering that I wake up half the neighborhood in the summer with my 500HP daily driver. emoticon_cool
There's been very little reference made to children in this entire thread, and it's probably the heart of the matter in forming the anti-gay-marriage opinions of the majority.  If gay marriage is legalized, the adoption process will have to be made perfectly identical for gays and straights. Gay people will seek to adopt as many kids as possible, and will raise them in a way to steer them towards being gay. They will encourage them to act gay in school, and scream discrimination when straight parents and straight children take exception to it. It will be debatable if the straights have grounds to take exception to it, but there is no question that they will. It will create plenty of conflict, and further gays desire for special rights. (separate schools for gays)   Of course, if we protect the rights of the children, this wouldn't be a problem.
Each of these issues has been debated on this forum time after time after time. I will therefore try to be brief. Yes, it has, but it usually degrades into a "micturating contest" and I don't want to see this thread degrade into watersports.    I can see no basis for this assumption. It may prompt more homosexuals to "come out of the closet", but would have no affect whatsoever on the actual number of homosexuals.   So. you don't subscribe to the "recruitment theory"? http://www.learntoquestion.com/class/log/archives/000501.html   As to whether homosexuality is natural or not, I and all homosexual people that I know believe it is natural, for us. This view is shared by the positions of the American Medical Association, the American Psychological Association, and the American Psychiatric Association to name a few. The only people I know of that view it as "unnatural" are heterosexuals, and not all of them. And for those heterosexuals who believe it is unnatural, yes, it is unnatural...... for them. While it has yet to be definitively proven one way or the other, the preponderance of scientific evidence suggests that it IS natural.  I'm not convinced that homosexuality is genetic. While I think that there may be a slight predisposition,I think it's predominantly environmental, which does affect my opinion about gay marriage as you can probably already guess. I would like to hear more about why you think it's not a learned behavior.  I fail to see how recognition of a loving commitment between two consenting adults would corrupt any child. Where is the connection? I'm going to have to plead complete ignorance on this one. Do gay men teach their male kids to be sensitive pantywaistes, NASCAR fans or somewhere in between? I do believe that a stable masculine father figure is important for both young boys and girls. Without parental role models to emulate, I think that kids grow up conflicted about gender roles. For example, in hetero relationships, the father is usually the partner that teaches about risk-taking, independence, work ethics and the need to be tough in certain situations. The mother is usually the one who teaches nurturing, empathy, respect for others and the more "'refined" people skills.  Do gay partners teach the same balance of skills or do their children all turn out to be interior decorators? (OK, bad joke)   Again, I fail to see a connection between a loving commitment between two consenting adults and pedophilia. If this logic were true, would not heterosexual marriage also lead to an increased number of pedophiles? I believe that it's a common belief that many homosexuals are pedophiles. I don't happen to subscribe to that belief, but I thought I'd add it to the list for comment. More tomorrow......
This is not true. A bill passed by the legislature cannot overrule the Constitution of the United States. The job of the courts as listed in the Constitution is specifically to overrule any bill passed by the legislature that violates the rights of the people presented in the Constitution. Should the courts rule that the defense of marriage act is invalid, they would be doing precisely that which they were designed to do.  If there is something I am missing, let me know, but the job of the courts is to judge the laws passed by the legislature to assure that they are not in violation of the Constitution. I see no possibility that the Defense of Marriage Act could overrule the 14th Ammendment. That is not to say that a new ammendment could not be passed which overrules the 14th Ammendment, however I feel that it would need to specifically state that the 14th Ammendment does not apply in the situation of marriage or else there would be a contradiction in the Constitution which the courts would have to sort out.  Regardless of the legal status of same-sex marriage, I hope that the logic I've used in my latest long post has helped you to understand why I think same-sex marriage is morally correct and opposing it is not. The 14th amendment gurantees everyoen has the same rights. Which everyone does. I'm not going to debate that your right is the same even if your preference is different.  The full faith and credit clause doesn't have to recognize records that aren't recognized in their own state. Plus state can put limitation of the records. liek gun permits don't transfer from state to state. So the court weill have to decide if the full faith credit clasue can force a state to recognize a non-existing form of record by another record. They did this before with polygamy.
That is humour, just in case someone didn't understand. I hope that nobody who actually read the link thought it was serious. If they did, you really have a tough PR job. ;)  Whether it is genetic or environmental or a combination why would that affect your opinion on gay marriage? How would that make gay marriage wrong? Do you know how environment may make someone gay or straight? Would it make someone who is really straight into gay, or someone who is really gay into straight? How would you propose to control this early environment so your kid could be either straight or gay?   I'll be real frank with you on this one. If one of my kids was indecisive about his/her sexuality, I would certainly attempt to steer them towards heterosexuality for a variety of reasons. First, while we reallly haven't gotten into it, there is a higher probability of a gay man dying young as a result of his lifestyle. Just as I would encourage my kids not to smoke because it could shorten their life, I'd do the same for them if they were not sure of their sexuality by attempting to steer them away from homosexuality. As for whether or not it's possible to switch one's sexual orientation, I believe that it happens all of the time. You may argue that a straight who turns gay later in life is just "coming out of the closet" or "losing the beard", but I think it's more complex than that.  For most, probably somewhere in between. I find that somewhat reassuring. :)   These roles aren't quite so defined today. I think you are a little out of date. The mother could easily teach about work ethics and independence and risk taking, etc. Men are mostly not insensitive and butch, and probably most today have better interior decorating skills, then they are skilled at repairing a car engine.  I hope that you understand that I was speaking rather hyperbolically, but you did get the gist of my question.  Two female or two male parents can teach all of the skills you list. A single parent of either sex could as well. In addition there will be other adult influences of both sexes in the child's life(aunts uncles, etc.).  I think that we're feeling the impact of single parenting in our inner cities. Once an inner city angry male reaches the physical size of his mother, she can no longer control him and the Lord of the Flies mentality takes over. IMO, two gay men are preferrable to that situation, for sure.  Would it necessarily be a bad thing if the child with gay parents turned out to be an interior decorator? Would it be better if the male child was a mechanic or worked in a hardware store? Maybe not in my neighborhood, but in the one that I was raised in, Hell yes. The kid would be lucky if he didn't get his butt kicked daily. (I went to a tough NJ HS.) Truthfully, I don't care what profession my kids go into as long as it makes them happy.
 I hope I have not insulted you, and if I have, I apologize. But I think that this needed to be said, because if people feel they are insulted, they have the tendency to insult back. That would destroy the civility of this thread.  Not at all, you are by far the best pro-gay debator here. (and I don't mean that as an insult to anyone else)  Those who advocate gay marriage seem to imply that once it is legalized, the entire subject will go away, that our society will be better because of it. I see it opening the door to constant conflict.  It's human nature to take pride in one's life, to take oportunities to share how one lives with others. The testimonials here and all over the net show that gays are no different. Many of them have the same intent, the same innocence, as when someone describes what they do for a living to someone. I don't believe ALL of them have bad intentions, but I see a desire to further a political agenda. What group with a political agenda does not seek to increase it's numbers? Increasing adoption would be a big way to do it. Many people, myself included, firmly believe that a good orphanage is a far better place for a child to be raised in than by same sex parents. I know you disagree and nothing we say can change each other's minds, but it's a fact that it will become a bigger issue if gay marriage is legalized, and there will be CONFLICT.   Gay parents would tend to steer adopted children towards homosexuality because of the political agenda, the numbers increasing thing that I described above. Most Christian parents don't have the desire to encourage their children to "hate" homosexuals. Little kids don't naturally think about sex at all. Since straight parents have no sexual political agenda, they'd rather their kids not be exposed to it at all. They'd rather their kids thought about other things. That 2+2=4, that d-o-g spells dog, that c-a-t spells cat. Practical learning.   I don't see homosexuals as having bad intentions as much as I see them having political intentions, and I don't see it stopping only with gay marriage. If I were to meet with some same sex couples I'm sure I would find them to be decent people as you describe. But it wouldn't take a very big percentage of those of them who ARE trouble makers, to cause a lot of trouble, and to recruit followers, and create enemies in the straight community. SCHOOLS would be the centers of conflict. I did notice your comments about children in your post #50, however there have been no responses to my post #47.
Many people, myself included, firmly believe that a good orphanage is a far better place for a child to be raised in than by same sex parents. I know you disagree and nothing we say can change each other's minds, but it's a fact that it will become a bigger issue if gay marriage is legalized, and there will be CONFLICT.   I would even go farther than that and note that gay adoptions have risen significantly since the gay pride movement came on the scene, so one can't help but wonder if to some degree many of these adoptions are an attempt at a form of social protest, not entirely for the sake of the child. If the phenomenon were truly in the spirit of benevolence in general, it would stand to reason that they gays would not have waited until it became associated with gay pride to do so. Can you imagine knowing you were adopted as a form of social protest???  Sort of like the social protest fad gay marriages we saw as soon as Massachusetts made it legal. If they were for real, gay marriages wouldn't have dropped off to a trickle now given the supposed percentage of gay people in this country.  I don't see homosexuals as having bad intentions as much as I see them having political intentions, and I don't see it stopping only with gay marriage.   Agreed.
OH MY GOD!!! I am laughing so hard tear are streaming down my face!!!!!!!!!!  Did you note the source of that report? "The Onion" emoticon_idea http://www.theonion.com/index.php?pre=1  In case you have never heard of it, it is a satirical webzine that pokes fun at just about everything!!!!!!!!! Go read some of the other funny articles!!!!!!The original purpose of that article in :"The Onion" was to poke fun at the people who actually think gay people are out recuiting.   Wow, it sounds like your movement needs to be careful with these "satirical webzines," especially in a culture that's a bit paranoid about this stuff. Sort of like fueling the fire that burns ya.
It is a common tool of homophobic, radical straights to promote prejudice and hate. It simply has no basis in fact.  There is definitely reason to believe that early on, the gay rights movement and the pedophile movement were not so unrelated as you portray. As the "man/boy" idea became so offensive to society and therefore a liability, the gay rights movement dropped the 'man/boy' stuff like a hot potato. There was a time (I remember it, mainly in the 80s) when gay rights groups were not hostile toward the now defunct group NAMBLA. It was just as disgusting then as it is now.
Gay rights groups have never supported NAMBLA.  You need to read up on your own movement's history!  "New York's Gay Activist Alliance (GAA) opposed age of consent laws and hosted a forum on the topic in 1976. The Canadian Lesbian and Gay Rights Coalition held a similar position. Yet most gay rights groups paid little attention to the pederasts in their ranks. To them, the idea of "boylove" was just another variation of gay love that was sharing in the struggle for liberation. Thus gay rights groups granted tacit acceptance of NAMBLA's platform at the time the group formed. This changed when the work of one woman effectively ostracized NAMBLA."  See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NAMBLA  Note sections called "Trouble in Revere," and "The Beginning of Nambla". And note that the article uses legitimate sources.
"Most"? How many and which groups?   According to whom specifically?  I don't follow to this conclusion, that this is necessarily "tacit acceptance" by gay rights groups, nor by individuals involved in gay rights at the time.  I understand your desire for more specifics, but at this point you are pretty much arguing with the article itself. Based on what I know regarding this from such articles and from what I've always heard, gay rights groups in general didn't see their movement as separate from the NAMBLA one early on. This article certainly supports that conclusion.   In my opinion, it would be better if the gay movement simply admitted this rather than trying to sweep it under the rug or deny it at all costs. It hasn't even been that long ago in fact. It's a skeleton in the closet, but that doesn't mean it's that way now. I have no problem with the fact that gay rights groups try to distance themselves from pederasty nowadays, but let's at least be honest about the past.
We're starting to get into the area of massive missives. I'd like to reply to all of this post, but don't want it to be unreadable due to shear size, so I'll break my reply up into sections.  I'll keep in mind that you aren't sure about these, and it's good that you brought them up because they deserve to be discussed. I see what I can do:  1. Regarding how natural homosexuality is, I do not think it important. I will say something on it anyhow, as I like to write on this topic. the most common beliefs of the causes of homosexuality are genetics and upbringing. I don't see any reason to think these things unnatural. Only if you believe homomsexuality is caused by a person willingly choosing to go against his nature could it be called unnatural. Beyond that, there appear to be adequate sexual means for members of the same-sex to engage in, and it seems to be possible to develop the emotional tie of love between members of the same sex. This seems natural enough to me.  I don't mean to offend you with the following analogy, but it illustrates a point. To a pedophile, it is "natural" to want to have sex with a young child, but it is unnatural for those of us who aren't pedophiles. So, for a homosexual to say that it's "natural" really doesn't carry much weight with a straight person who sees pedophiles and homosexuals both as sexual deviants and, depending on one's bent, may find one or both abominable acts.    Regardless, there isn't really any reason to prohibit unnatural behavior. I'd definitely say that living in buildings, resisting the urge to cause violence, eating canned food, living monogomously, wearing clothing, mass production, telling the truth, posting on these forums, and billions of other things we do every day are unnatural. I wouldn't agree with restricting things that aren't natural, that's certain. If I may, I'd like to restate your examples above in their more basic form. It is very natural to seek shelter from the elements. It is natural to fear the reprucussions of initiating violence on another. For example, a domestic housecat won't normally take on a raccoon of similar size for just that reason. It is very natural to eat.The only thing unnatural is the container that the food comes in. Wearing clothes to protect against the environment is also very natural. As for the rest, they can also be broken down in terms of basic natural acts, such as communication. But homosexual sex isn't a natural act. The only time that I've heard of homosexuality occurring in nature was under "unnatural" conditions, such as overcrowding.   Oh, one more thing: legalizing same-sex marriage doesn't really promote homosexuality. Let me make a comparison: By legalizing the construction of Muslim churches, am I promoting the Muslim religion? Well, no I'm not. I'm simply giving the Muslim religion the same rights that the other religions have. This does not suggest that anyone should become Muslim, it just continues to allow everyone to choose what they please while still enjoying the same rights. The same is true of same-sex marriage. Funny that you should choose that example. I happen to live in the area with the largest population of Middle Easterners outside of the ME. Dearborn, MI has become the Muslim capital of the US primarily because Muslims are accepted, have mosques, ethnic restaurants, community centers, etc., and draw other Muslims into the community from outside of the area. They also "recruit" others to become Muslims by their presence, through interaction with others in the community that aren't MEers, and by encouraging those who have strayed away from Christianity. Remember, it is a Muslim's job to either convert "infidels" or dominate them.    Banning the construction of Muslim churches, on the other hand, is a government signal that the Muslim religion is not acceptable. Even if the government does not take away the freedom of the people to believe in the Muslim religion, it has taken away some of the benefits provided to people over another religion. It has still limited freedom and it still stands against the Muslim religion.  Agreed. Now, if the government saw the spread of Islamic Fundamentalism as a threat to our society, it would ban the construction of Fundamentalist Islamic mosques and let radical Muslims know that they weren't welcome. By preventing the building of mosques, not allowing the immigration of more radical Muslims into the US and making it tougher for Muslims to gain a foothold in the area, it could be argued that the government was attempting to prevent the spread of something that was found to be a threat to society as a whole, correct?  What I mean is, permitting same-sex marriage does not promote homosexuality, it is restricting same-sex marriage that attacks homosexuality, in a sense.  OK, now given the above hypothetical situation regarding radical Islam and the government's hypothetical response to it, an argument can be made that preventing gay marriage is akin to stopping the spread of Fundamentalist Islamic radicals. By preventing gay marriage, it is attempting to stop the spread of something that it has determined is detrimental to society as a whole. The battle lies in convincing John Q. Public that gays aren't the moral equivalent of radical Muslims.  I'll respond to #2 in another post and the rest in individual posts as well.  (Please don't take all of my statements above as representative of my personal beliefs. I am playing devil's advocate and don't necessarily buy the arguments presented.)
You requested a civil debate. I and others have tried to be civil with you.  However, whether your above statement is your personal belief or not, it is EXTREMELY offensive. If by "playing the devil's advocate", you wish to offend, you have accomplished it. Such statements are blatently inflamitory. My intent wasn't to inflame, but rather to inform. I'm trying to portray a realistic picture of the viewpoint held by many of those that strongly oppose gay marriage and let you know what would be necessary to overcome some of those beliefs.  Some posters, such as "jyoshu", will cry that I am being "oversensative". To them I ask; How would YOU react to being equated to a pedofile? I'd be annoyed, just like you, but if you think that I'm presenting an unrealistic impression of the battle that you have, you are grossly underestimating your opposition. My beliefs are typically logically driven, but I hear opinions voiced from other straights that'd curl your hair. As I mentioned before, you have a helluva PR battle to fight and I'm just scratching the surface on opposition viewpoints. For example, the belief that pedophiles are homosexuals and NOT that they can be heterosexual, homosexual or bisexual predators of kids, is widespread amongst straights, for example.  You came here arguing the substantial cost of legalizing gay marriage. You were shown to be incorrect, and somewhat graciously condeded the issue. The economic arguments are easy to refute if you have the facts to do so and the person you're debating accepts that information as fact. You need to change peoples' perceptions as well and that's not an easy task.   Then you posted an obviously satirical article about gay people recruiting heterosexuals. Whether you knew it was misinformation or not, I don't know.  This is EXACTLY the fear that many straights have; they fear that you'll recruit their kids. I linked the satirical version of the argument because I thought it would be less offensive than the real argument.  Now, whether they are your personal beliefs or not, you insult and offend. To be honest with you, I haven't given the concept of recruitment much thought, personally, but have heard others voice that fear.   Did you come here to gain understanding or to inflame? Have you actually read what the AMA and the two APA's say about homosexuality? I seriously doubt it. Instead, you come here posting unfounded opinions that have been shown to be false, satarical articles that you seem to accept as truth, and insulting, inflamitory, prejudicial statements that flame the homophobic fire of hate. I've read quite a few studies and summaries of studies from authors on both sides of the issue. The one theme that keeps reappearing is that there appear to be both biological and environmental factors that affect one's sexual orientation. Here's a good summary of some of those summaries: http://allpsych.com/journal/homosexuality.html  I have tried to engage in a civil debate with you and am willing to continue to try to. But I will not be a party to the spreading of insults and misinformation. I'm trying to state opinions and beliefs that I've either heard or hold, personally. The intent isn't to inflame, outrage or take shots at gays. The purpose is to debate which positions are factual and which aren't. If you're offended by some of my statements, then maybe you shouldn't respond to those that upset you. Let someone who is capable of responding in a dispassionate manner handle that rebuttal. Don't feel obligated to respond to everything that you read as I have selected only those responses that have maintained a modicum of civility to reply to. I'm sure that you are aware that there are many stereotypes out there regarding gays, behaviors, goals, etc., that range from accurate to the absurd, but if we don't get them out in the open for comment, how will anyone know which are which? emoticon_confused
OH MY GOD!!! I am laughing so hard tear are streaming down my face!!!!!!!!!!  Did you note the source of that report? "The Onion" emoticon_idea http://www.theonion.com/index.php?pre=1  In case you have never heard of it, it is a satirical webzine that pokes fun at just about everything!!!!!!!!! Go read some of the other funny articles!!!!!!The original purpose of that article in :"The Onion" was to poke fun at the people who actually think gay people are out recuiting. There is no such thing as the National Gay and Lesbian Recruitment Task Force. It was all a joke!!!!! And evidently you fell for it as truth. emoticon_frazzled It just shows that you need to be careful about the sources of your information. Sorry, but I am still laughing over this one. :)    Sorry for the "out of order" responses. I just stumbled on this one while going back to get another segment of Jaxian's missive. ;) I'm a big fan of "the Onion" as well as the old "Journal of Irreproducible Results" and the newer "Annals of Improbable Research" with its Ig Nobel Prizes. :)    I have already refered you to the AMA and the two APA's and their positions on this subject. I guess it depends on who one wishes to believe; respected, professional medical and mental health associations or Fred Phelps. As I said before, there is not yet a definative answer, but the preponderance of unbiased, scientific evidence suggests it is inate.  Everything I've read points to nature AND nurture, not one OR the other.  Again, if you will read the AMA and the two APA's positions on children raised by gay parents, you will find that the children are not recuited into homosexuality and do quite well socially. I will do so. Thank you for the info.  It is a common tool of homophobic, radical straights to promote prejudice and hate. It simply has no basis in fact. And it's common for gays to engage in self-destructive behaviors, but I would never paint all gays with such a gross generalization as that. emoticon_rolleyes
Are you aware that there are plenty of gay parents who are that way BIOLOGICALLY? Do you also suggest removing their parental right simply because you don't approve of who they screw?  Are you actually advocating the REMOVAL of rights based on sexual orientation. What next? Job discrimination? Camps? You are the worst kind of scary.   I didn't say anything about "removal", that was a conclusion you jumped to. I was talking about "adoption", not biological. Another conclusion you jumped to.     Don't be speaking for THIS Christian. SEX is perfectly normal - and most kids learn early on that it feels good to touch their privates. They understand the whys just yet - but we are sexual beings. I have never understood this need to protect kids from the knowledge of sex. It perpetuates the idea that it is dirty and wrong. IT'S NOT. Kids SHOULD know about sex, know what it is, what it's for, what are the consequences of it as soon as they ask the questions (and they will and do). Keep it age approriate - but nothing bad will happen just because they know about sex.   No it perpetuates the idea that it's a PRIVATE thing. Private within a family, subject to the conditions determined by that family. Not something to be flaunted in public. We wear clothes in public - there are plenty of things for elementary children to think of besides sex.    And what about those trouble making straight folks? How can I keep my kid clear of you and your brood and the hate you might instill in my son's school?   If there's no gay marriage, me and my brood wouldn't have reason to instill any hate in your son's school, if he wouldn't get in anyone's face about his sexual beliefs. Then me and my brood and your son could all learn that 2+2 equals 4 in peace and harmony. If there IS gay marriage, then many teachers will think that preparing kids for ALLLL the sexual options they will soon have will be more important than spending so much time learning that 2+2=4. If my brood takes exception to it, you'll call it hate, and if there IS gay marriage, you just may have legal rights to insist that all taxpayers provide your son with a separate school. And we can't afford it.   I am sure if you have children they would be the God-fearing Christian sort who dissaprove of fags enough to do God's work by shoving trash into the mouth of my son for defending a gay person he loves.  "Shoving trash", and "defending". Reversible terms, depending on ones point of view.
As for illegal, truly pedophillic organizations, NAMBLA gets a lot of press, but there are far larger man/girl sex organizations (or generally man/child since pedophiles don't make much distinction between boys and girls). They are rarely mentioned. The larger heterosexual community takes no responsibility for "hetero" molesters. We'll take no responsibility for "homo" ones.I will take just as much responsibility for NAMBLA and sex between men and boys as you will take for the existence of heterosexual pedophilic organizations and sex between men and girls. Deal?  Well at least you are actually weighing in on something here.  Unfortunately your post so far misses the point. This isn't a contest to see whether straights or gays bear more responsibility on pederasty. The issue you responded to was about the obvious link early on between gay rights (at the time) and pederasty. As the article pointed out, Stonewall was partly carried out by the youths involved in these relationships. Ironcially, as you can see from the article, NAMBLA rose in part from Stonewall as well. So in a sense, the gay rights movement and pederasty are inexplicably linked when it comes to the origins of their organizations. There is simply no way to separate the gay rights movement from the reality that it's origins lie in this. It's a black eye on the movement, but at least in recent years your movement has sought to separate itslf from it in any way possible.  The article and all others like it that I have seen rely on one or two appearences of NAMBLA representatives or members at discussion meetings open to the public. MOST of these articles are actually about one particular meeting in NYC. They also rely on the very rare appearances of NAMBLA members at or in a pride parade.  Ok, that's fair enough.  You folks also forget just how negatively society viewed gay people (largely thanks to your own groups' efforts). To many people, there was NO DIFFERENCE between gay people and other "perverts", so it wasn't so outlandish for gay groups to listen to a wide variety of society's outcasts or hidden groups: S&M practitioners, COYOTE, lesbian separatists, etc.  I would say that in many respects, society still views you all in that way. But aren't you putting the cart before the horse here? Don't you think the reason society viewed gays that way is because of what the article talked about?  Because of our own history, we were willing to consider ideas that the mainstream rejected. We knew there was nothing wrong with us. Forgive us for thinking that some other folks fell into the same class and were just misunderstood.  But why didn't you draw the line somewhere? Surely in retrospect you can see that pederasty isn't exactly a benevolent movement to accept.  Gay people supported making the laws EQUAL and RAISING both to a more suitable age.  So you are telling me that your movement pushed to have the age of consent laws raised?
I think few people would disagree that our society is already in just about as much of a conflict as it could be about this issue. If same-sex marriage is legalized, there will still be conflict, but at least those people who are denied rights currently will have those rights during the conflict. Besides, there will always be conflict in a society where the people have the power to change the laws, but that conflict isn't usually a bad thing.   When I say conflict, I'm mainly referring to brand new school curriculums that I believe would come about soon after gay marriage was legalized. The actions of school administrators don't always mirror the desires of the voting public.  But beyond the scope of conflict, my argument is actually that this conflict should end, and that it should end in favor of same-sex marriage. I can say with certainty that it will never end while same-sex couples still exist and while they do not have the same rights that everyone else does under the law.   I believe one conflict would end, and a much more severe one would take it's place.   You did raise the question, "What group with a political agenda does not seek to increase it's numbers?" I must ask that same question of you. If same-sex parents seek to expand their political agenda through children, then there is no reason to believe that opposite-sex couples would not do the same. I ask then, who has more political agendas than the stereotypical Christian? Christians tend to oppose same-sex marriage, oppose abortion, push for religion in schools and politics, support counselling before marriage, and any of a good many other political stances.   No same sex marriage, no abortion, religion in schools and politics, - all commonplace and not controversial only a few decades ago. I don't believe majorities seek to increase their numbers, unless of course, they feel THREATENED.   These are each a political agenda. If it is reasonable to suggest that same-sex parents would impose their single agenda upon their children, it is reasonable to suppose that Christian parents would do the same, only far worse, having more agendas and all. By the same logic, those parents would teach their children about their political agendas instead of practical things, like 2+2=4, and how to spell "dog". By the same logic, those parents are creating conflict and should thus not be allowed to adopt.   You and I may have different definitions of the word "agenda". If something has been proven to work, I don't see a desire to keep it, to protect it from those who would destry it, as the same aggressive "agenda" that gay marriage is.  But Christian parents don't do that, do they? Despite having so many political agendas, they teach their parents practical things after all. They may teach their children that homosexuality is wrong, that abortion is wrong, or one of many other political stances, but that isn't what they think parenting is, and it isn't nearly the most important influence they intend to have on their children.   emoticon_confused   I will argue that you look at gay rights debate forums and listen to gays speak about gay rights on the news, and you make the assumption that gays are only about one thing. But I could just as easily watch Christians speak about gay rights and listen to them speak on gay rights forums and assume the same about them. The truth is that boths sides are just people with countless aspects to their lives, and both sides want the best for their children.   IMO many, if not most of the pro gay posters on this forum have chips on their shoulders. I see a vengefulness that I don't see on other forums at this site.  Furthermore, I wonder precisely what the agenda of same-sex parents would be after same-sex marriage is legalized. Certainly there are a few smaller gay rights issues, and they would have to fight for some time to keep it legal, but with equality, the need for a political agenda fades. There would certainly be far less conflict overall if homosexuals just gave in and accepted defeat immediately, but the same would be true of those who oppose it. In reality neither will ever happen. Remember, the argument I give suggests that homosexuality is morally correct; and it is worth fighting for that which is morally right.   With the vengefulness that I refered to above, I believe the continuing agenda would be legal claims of discrimination in schools and workplaces. Remedies would mainly consist of accommodations and separations that would cost STRAIGHT taxpayers plenty of money. Now I know that makes me a homophobe. Homophobe means having an "irrational fear". It's recently being morphed into an offensive term to be used against anyone who opposes special rights for gays. If we check U.S. history, or world history, we see that a fear of incrementalism in politics is not irrational, it's very real. When FDR was starting social security, he claimed that it would be a voluntary program. Today's anti smoking hysteria started a few decades ago with "no smoking on airline flights of 2 hours or less." A whole book could be filled with documentation of how incrementalism has caused governments and dictatorships to grow in the last 100 years.    I think then that if it can be shown that any children of opposite-sex parents cause a conflict, then opposite-sex parents should lose their rights to raise children as well. Would you truely punish the whole for the actions of a few? It does not matter whether you would; if you claim that same-sex couples should not be allowed to raise their children to believe that homosexuality is morally right, then you must apply the same logic to those who raise their children to think that homosexuality is morally wrong. You would also have to apply that same logic to anyone on any side of a political issue, and soon, no one would have children. There are already incredible amounts of conflict over all sorts of political issues in school, same-sex marriage least of all, and this makes school a breeding ground for developing one's own opinion on the issue.  Parents who teach their children that homosexuality is wrong are less likely to encourage their children to make it a public issue, and therefore far less likely to cause a conflict.   Should you be worried that gay rights will not stop with same-sex marriage and that gay people will push to give themselves some kind of unequal advantage over straight people, then rest assured that I will stand with you against such inequality when it shows its face.   BY THEN IT WILL BE TOO LATE. Political mistakes are often impossible to reverse.  But that is not a good reason to stand against equality now, and I do not see reason to believe that gay rights will go anywhere beyond equal.  As for your comments in post #47, I have seen no civil rights or political issue classes appear in high schools. I have certainly seen those classes all over colleges, but adding classes about homosexuality and gay rights would surely be offered only as an optional replacement for current civil rights classes, not as a replacement for courses on workplace-related skills. Even if they did, considering the discussions we've had so far, I would think a good gay rights class might encourage students to learn and think in ways that they had never considered before. Finally, I've got to wonder what makes you think stopping same-sex marriage will stop these classes. Interestingly, I don't think it will.  I was referring almost completely to elementary schools - sorry I didn't make that more clear.  I hope you enjoyed my response! Hmm, it appears I must respond to JPSarte too.  I appreciate your civility!! :)
 I am curious to know why same-sex couples and gay rights specifically.   Because of the vengefulness that I referred to above.    Oh, and why would gay rights replace other education? I can't remember any similar events causing this historically.  I can't think of a past event similar to legalizing gay marriage. It may not replace it to a great extent ALL AT ONCE, but we don't know. It would be a big experiment - an irreversable one.
I know this was not in response to something I wrote, but am curious to know why you believe this to be more than a fictional story. I could just as easily say that your son would attack mine for his beliefs and cause a disruption. You could also make the claim that this story would hold true for the child of any gay rights activist, or even the child on any other political issue. But you don't. You believe that this will only happen for children of same-sex couples and only on the issue of gay rights. I am curious to know why same-sex couples and gay rights specifically. Oh, and why would gay rights replace other education? I can't remember any similar events causing this historically.  If you will permit me, I'd like to take a shot at addressing Marc's concerns with a concrete example. You asked "Why would gay rights replace other education?" I've asked my kids school just that question prior to them engaging in "gay awareness month", an activity sponsored by the NEA. here's a sampling right from the 1996 NEA list of resolutions:  B-6. Diversity. The National Education Association believes that our diverse society enriches all individuals. Similarities and differences among races, ethnicity, color, national origin, language, geographic location, religion, gender, sexual orientation, age, physical ability, size, and marital, parental, or economic status form the fabric of our society. The Association also believes that education should increase tolerance and foster an appreciation of the various qualities that pertain to people as individuals or members of a group. The Association further believes in the importance of programs and observances that accurately portray and recognize the roles, contributions, cultures, and history of these diverse groups and individuals.  B-7. Racism, Sexism, and Sexual Orientation Discrimination. The National Education Association believes in the equality of all individuals. Discrimination and stereotyping based on such factors as race, gender, physical disabilities, ethnicity, and sexual orientation must be eliminated. The Association believes that plans, activities, and programs for education employees, students, parents, and the community should be developed to identify and eliminate discrimination and stereotyping in all educational settings. Such plans, activities, and programs must --  1. Increase acceptance of and sensitivity to individuals and groups in a diverse society composed of such groups as American Indians/Alaska Natives, Asian and Pacific Islanders, Blacks, Hispanics, women, gays and lesbians, and people with disabilities.  2. Eliminate discrimination and stereotyping in the curriculum, textbooks, resource and instructional materials, activities, etc.  3. Foster the use of nondiscriminatory, nonracist, nonsexist and nonstereotypical language, resources, practices, and activities.  4. Eliminate institutional discrimination.  5. Integrate an accurate portrayal of the roles and contributions of all groups throughout history across the curriculum.  6. Identify how prejudice, stereotyping, and discrimination have limited the roles and contributions of individuals and groups.  7. Eliminate subtle practices that favor the education of one student over another on the basis or race, ethnicity, gender, physical disabilities, or sexual orientation.   The Association encourages its affiliates to develop and implement training programs on these matters.   Now, tell me, if the NEA pushes for training programs to teach these concepts, where does the time come from? You guessed it: reading writing and arithmetic. I don't believe that it's the schools job to teach ethics, morals, behavior modification, etc., to MY kids. That's MY responsibility. That is also why many straights see homosexuality as a threat to them. It's would-be PC do-gooders that try to usurp the parental responsibilities. :xcensored  And this applies to more than just teaching about gay awareness. We have the dumbest kids with the highest self-esteem in the world as a result of all of this touchy-feely BS social indoctrination. emoticon_mad
My recollection of public school from kindergarten to 6th and parochial school from then on is that there's plenty of time for reading, 'riting, and 'rithmetic. Along with Band and Art and Mechanical Drawing and Religion and Ethics and Latin and German and Spanish and Russian and American History and Theology and all sorts of other classes. Yes, I was a nerd. But other kids took those and more classes, as well. The problem isn't time, it's funding and parental support. The problem is putting tax cuts above investing in the next generation. That's not a "PC" problem.  What I quoted was only the tip of the iceberg when it comes to non-academic subjects being taught in school. I can remember my kids having 1/2 day sessions every Friday for an entire marking period so that teachers could be trained in drug awareness, conflict resolution, anger management and a bunch of other BS programs. I don't want public school teachers playing junior psychologist on my kids. If I wanted all of those services, I'd send them to a shrink, NOT public school, where some hack gets to indoctrinate them on liberal propaganda without my permission OR knowledge. :xcensored   Of course it's the job of the schools to teach ethics and behavior. Insofar as "morals" don't coincide with ethics, I agree, they belong at home. BS! I don't send my kids to school for indoctrination; I send them for an EDUCATION.  Be honest here. A minority of straights see gay awareness in the schools as a threat to them. That minority coincides with a few religiously and socially "conservative" groups.  To be honest, gay awareness is only a small fraction of the useless curricula that wastes huge amounts of time and usurps my responsibility. If I wanted my kids to learn ethics and morals at school, I'd send them to a Parochial School, not a public school.   Why should the public schools match only their requirements? I don't want public schools doing anything but teaching the damn subject matter that they're paid to teach. Nobody asked me if I wanted to fund DARE, Quest, Anger Management, Conflict Resolution and a host of other non-academic courses. And nobody gave me the opportunity to opt them out of such garbage, either.  Public school has become a leviathan, taking on many functions that dilute their real purpose for existence all in the name of the almighty dollar. School lunches, mental health, healthcare, etc., are all functions that public schools have taken on to increase revenues, but they all detract from their primary mission, to educate. emoticon_mad
Continuing to reply to Jaxian's missive:  .....  2. Well, it would be very difficult, I think, to argue that one will become attracted to members of the same-sex simply because he or she is raised by someone who is attracted to the same-sex. But just to prove my point, let's assume that every child raised by a gay person will become gay. This fact in itself is not a harm at all. Only by assuming that homosexuality is somehow bad can we say that children being raised to become homosexual is bad. Now, I admit that many have religious values which claim that homosexuality is a sin, but those people retain the right to raise their children with that value. Those parents have the right to burn the idea that homosexuality is a sin into the minds of their child until that child could not possibly be homosexual. Those parents have the right to corrupt gay children. Or put in a different light, parents always have the right to raise their children as they please. Now, I would argue against that if those children were raised in such a manner that caused them to harm people, but again, we have to assume that homosexuality harms people for that to apply. Given the fact that the homosexual lifestyle has much higher risks of acquiring STDs and HIV, I would argue that encouraging homosexuality is similar to encouraging your child to smoke. Both have REAL health consequences that can lead to diseases that otherwise would be less likely to be contracted and once contracted, shorten one's life. As a parent who is very protective of his kids, if I had a gay son, I would: a. attempt to steer them away from homosexuality, b. promote abstinance, c. teach safe sex or d. pray that the kid doesn't become promiscuous.....in that order. I believe that a parent's primary function is to keep their children safe. Now if this is the point in the debate that we get into health statistics, fine. I've seen all of the CDC reports and most of the other credible studies on health statistics and I can say with some confidence that their certainly is an increased health risk in engaging in homosexual relationships. If you don't agree with these studies, either with the conclusions, methodology used, subject numbers, etc., we can take that up as a separate portion of this thread.   Now, being familiar with the mindset and ideals of many homosexuals, I find it likely that the most a same-sex couple will do is keep their children open to the idea that it is okay to be homosexual. This is hardly corruption of a straight child and would change the sexuality of very few children.  Do you have any data to back up your statement? the reason I ask is because I've never seen any studies done comparing the % of straight kids raised by homosexual couples and the % of homosexual kids raised by homosexuals. It would be an interesting study to see, especially since it is one of the major fears amongst straights. I think it goes back to the idea of "recruitment".
Something you should take with a large grain of salt, since the article also seems to think that Stonewall took place in Boston. Or that Greenwich Village, a neighborhood in Manhattan, is "nearby" to Boston:  In the sense of a national scale, the two are close. They are both in New England, anyway. It's not like we are talking about Boston and Kansas City here.  Sure there is. Rely on the true historical record.  Very well then, if you feel the Wikipedia article was so far off-base, tell me an accurate and independent (unbiased) source and I'll be glad to check it out.  It strikes me that you have a black eye of your own to repair. Earlier you said that you've followed this issue for many years. If you had, the Wikipedia story would have struck you as odd.  If I said that, it doens't mean I've followed it from the beginning; after all, didn't you say 'gay rights is much older than you think' or something like that?   Your credibility is shot, as far as I'm concerned.  Do you really think that I particular care about my credibility with someone who has come in here and immediately taken on the role as possibly the most beligerent poster here now, as you have? I'm sure there are lots of people with whom I would care, but at this point you aren't one of them. So far you've mostly just come in here and complained and tried to stir people up, ignoring the requests of a poster who spcefically asked people such as yourself to please be civil in the discussion. As JPSarte pointed out earlier, if you intentionally hit a bee's nest hard enough, don't expect not to get stung. So it's ironic you would bring up 'credibility' with anyone given your posting history here so far.  The reason society viewed and views gays that way is because of religious indoctrination and lies intentionally spread by hypocrits and bigots.  I think that gay people themselves bear some of that responsibility. They know the way society views their actions in many cases. In a sense they embody counter-culturalism. Since "gay-pride" is now very much an enterprise that is being carried out right in the face of mainstream American culture, it shouldn't surprise anyone that culture would resist it.   Why didn't WHO draw the line? There is no gay organization that controls us.  If the bulk of gay rights people at the time had put their foot down early on regarding the pederasty issues among 'the faithful', this wouldn't be a skeleton in the closet today for your movement. You didn't need a controlling organization or leader. I think we need to consider the possibility that gay rights couldn't afford to do that early on, or it might alienate too many members.   So, yes, "my movement" pushed to have the age of consent law (singular, as it was just one case) raised.  Ok, I'll concede that based on your word.
3. Now, I think, or hope, this is one of the points you don't necessarily agree with. Just in case it isn't, let me explain my side of it. There is a very big difference between someone who is attracted to and falls in love with someone of the same sex and someone who is attracted to children of the same sex. Furthermore, there is yet another difference between someone who is attracted to children of the same sex and someone who chooses to molest a child. Those same-sex couples who would be given the right to marry, they are not the same group of people who chooses to molest children any more than you fall into the group of people who choose to molest children of the opposite sex. To suggest that they are somehow related is just as insulting.  If we want to be specific, perhaps we can break down adult sexual attraction into three categories under the law: heterosexuality, homosexuality, and pedophilia. Most people are heterosexual, far less people are homosexual, and the smallest group, pedophiles. In this breakdown, heterosexual and homosexuals describe adults who are attracted to other adults. I place the smallest group, pedophiles, in a single category because right now they are treated as such under the law; this group would include any adults who are attracted to minors. Of course any one person can fall into none, one, or more categories of sexual attraction here. Breaking down pedophila, we really have two groups, those who are attracted to children of the same sex, and those who are attracted to children of the opposite sex. Some, but probably very few, pedophiles are also child molesters.  Looking at it this way, I hope it becomes more apparent that same-sex marriage brings no new rights and no new benefits to someone for being a pedophile. Same-sex marriage does not encourage people do move into the pedophile group; that group still has no sexual or marriage rights under the law. I will further argue that same-sex marriage discourages pedophilia. This is because it encourages people to move into the homosexuality category. That means that anyone who may have been torn between homosexuality and pedophilia will now have incentive to act on their homosexual instincts, not their pedophile instincts (and I do not mean to imply that there are very many of these people; I suspect that the vast majority of child molesters are not attracted to adults, which is why they feel forced to satisfy their sexual urges any way they can).  I've already replied on pedophilia. I know that pedophiles are just as likely to be heterosexual as homosexual. I brought it up because many straights don't know that the two are unrelated and almost Pavlovian start to talk about pedophiles whenever homosexuality is mentioned. And organizations, such as NAMBLA, as has been previously mentioned, don't help dispell the myth that pedophiles are homosexuals, exclusively.
I've already replied on pedophilia. I know that pedophiles are just as likely to be heterosexual as homosexual. I brought it up because many straights don't know that the two are unrelated and almost Pavlovian start to talk about pedophiles whenever homosexuality is mentioned. And organizations, such as NAMBLA, as has been previously mentioned, don't help dispell the myth that pedophiles are homosexuals, exclusively.  I don't think there are very many people in the world that would say that pedophiles are exclusive to homosexuality. Furthermore, your previous posts didn't indicate that you think "pedophiles are just as likely to be heterosexual as homosexual."   I agree that pedophilia can be heterosexual as well as homosexual. The issue I see is that the homosexual pride movement in part grew out of a "soup" (if you will) of lots of sexual misconduct--what most would call 'perverts' by most people's standards--including pederasty. This was a by-product of the sexual revolution which by the time the mid to late 70s rolled around, had let to everything from a thriving porn industry to the growth of gay pride and other phenomenons like transgender people.
This is inaccurate information. There is no causal relationship, as there is between smoking and diseases, like I explained before. Risky sex practices of any sexual orientation increases your risk of disease. This is just propaganda on your part. Who said anything about "encouraging" your child to have any sexual orientation, gay or straight? I disagree, but you knew that already. Since I'm behind a restrictive firewall at the moment, I'll reply from my home computer tonight with the references for my statement.  Sometimes one can be over-protective. Guilty as charged.   How? By spewing your inaccurate information and propaganda against homosexuality? A healthy sexuality is not based on these appeals to fear. What else would you do to try to steer them away from being gay? Why would he or she trust anything you have to say on important issues such as safe sex? Why would he or she feel comfortable asking questions to get the right information, if he or she is ashamed of being gay?  First off, it is YOUR opinion that I would spew inaccurate information and propaganda. Just because I have data that doesn't match your opinion doesn't make it propaganda. IIRC, most of the info I read came from the CDC, hardly a Christian Right propaganda machine.   I disagree with your interpretation. So does most of the medical community. That's why they don't try to "steer" people away from being gay. They do try to steer everyone toward safe sex practices and lowering risk. I'll have plenty of time this evening to reply. Look for a detailed answer then.
America Psychological Association  http://www.apa.org/pubinfo/answers.html  Note: This is NOT from "The Onion".  I read part of that when I ran acrossed the article that I posted yesterday. http://allpsych.com/journal/homosexuality.html  It's one of the references listed at the end of the summary. I didn't read it in its entirity at that time, however.  And, no it isn't "The Onion". It isn't nearly as entertaining. :)
Well can gays be parents or not? Just exactly where is your line?   I don't militantly draw lines. One of my phrases was "a far better place to raise a child." I like things the way they are right now pretty well. You have your biological children - that's fine. Some gays with adopted children, properly scrutinized by today's authorities under today's laws, is also fine with me. If we legalize gay marriage, I'd bet you and an army of lawyers will be ready to draw some brand new lines, won't you?    Sure it's private. I don't think any gay parent supports open screwing in elementary school.   How about two little boys kissing each other in full view of everyone else, at the suggestion of their two dads?    What in the world are you blathering about? You think math is going to go away in leiu of gay porn or something?   Not gay porn, just some new touchy-feely 'future self esteem' instruction for kids who haven't even reached puberty yet.  There are kids now with gay parents. My son had friend's in pre-school who had two dads. It was "they have two dads" and life went on from there. Nothing else changed. My son's school has not made one change to it's curriculem due to my son having a gay mentor/father. You are absolutely and ridiculously paranoid.   As I said, it's okay now. Gay marriage isn't legal yet.   To clarify - the scene went like this.  My son overheard a kid use the word "gay" to insult another kid. My son responded with "hey, that's not nice my big brother (mentor) is gay". To which he was thrown to the ground and fed a mouth of literal trash. Are you telling me here that you believe it is defending God, loving or correct to defend these boys' attack on my son? Are you saying you condone violent action against gay people and the people who love them? Or did you think I was using "shoving trash" in a figurative way? I wasn't. Just want to be sure before going for the jugular.  I thought you were using "shoving trash" in a figurative way. It goes along pretty well with your sarcasm and anger.   I don't condone physical fights under any circumstances.
Good lord!  What does gay marriage have to do with public schools?!?!?!?!   You're not keeping up. Check post #s 47, 110, 116,121,138.......
As you requested, data has been provided to back up the statement. We would now be interested in seeing the data to back up your statements.  Since you asked:  HIV Incidence Among Young Men Who Have Sex With Men --- Seven U.S. Cities, 1994--2000  Twenty years after the first report on human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection in the United States, studies of sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) and sexual behaviors suggest a resurgent HIV epidemic among men who have sex with men (MSM) (1,2). However, few recent studies have measured HIV incidence in this population (3--7). To determine HIV incidence among young MSM, CDC analyzed data from the Young Men's Survey (YMS), a study that found a high prevalence of HIV and associated risks among MSM aged 15--22 years sampled in seven U.S. cities (8). This report confirms high HIV incidence among these young men.     In the 34 areas with confidential HIV reporting, data show that substantial numbers of MSM still are being infected, especially young men. In 2000, 59% of reported HIV infections among adolescent males aged 13-19 and 53% of cases among men aged 20-24 were attributed to male-to-male sexual contact. http://www.cdc.gov/hiv/pubs/facts/msm.htm   If you do the math, you see that 59% of HIV infections in adolescent males are attributable to engaging in homosexual relationships. If you consider that the population of gay males is <5% of the total male population in a given age group, that means that the <95% of heterosexual males 13-19 account for ~41% of the HIV infections. That equates to a rate of acquiring HIV by MSM that is over 20 times higher than that of heterosexual adolescent males (including intravenous drug users, even).  For comparison,   Compared to nonsmokers, men who smoke are about 23 times more likely to develop lung cancer and women who smoke are about 13 times more likely http://www.cdc.gov/tobacco/sgr/sgr_2004/Factsheets/2.htm  The risk of a young homosexual contracting HIV is on par with the risk of acquiring lung cancer after a lifetime of smoking. Wouldn't you try to steer your son away from any behavior that increased his risk of acquiring a deadly disease by that much? Any responsible parent would, IMO.  More food for thought.  Prevention efforts for young gay and bisexual men must be sustained. Targeted, sustained prevention efforts are urgently needed for young MSM as they come of age and initiate high-risk sexual behavior. Ongoing studies show that both HIV prevalence and risk behaviors remain high among young MSM. In a sample of young MSM ages 15-22 in seven urban areas, researchers found that, overall, 7% were infected with HIV, with higher prevalence among young African American (14%) and Hispanic (7%) men than among young white men (3%). http://www.cdc.gov/hiv/pubs/facts/youth.htm     CDC is committed to providing the scientific community and the public with accurate and objective information about HIV infection and AIDS. It is vital that clear information on HIV infection and AIDS be readily available to help prevent further transmission of the virus and to allay fears and prejudices caused by misinformation. For a complete description of CDC's HIV/AIDS prevention programs, see "CDC's Role in HIV and AIDS Prevention."   Since I believe that the CDC's statisics are credible, naturally you can understand my claim that homosexual behavior is a health risk, especially for young males.
From what I understand, drugs and bullying have become epidemic in schools nationwide. YOUR kids may not need training and watching, but obviously some kids do. Don't you want the teachers to help stop THE OTHER KIDS from messing with yours? I want teachers teaching my kids what they're paid to do, not playing junior psychiatrist. If there is a discipline issue, then call the principle and throw the little SOB out of school.  The Catholic grade and high schools I went to had very firm policies on drugs and bullying. Neither were allowed. They didn't strike me as "liberal". Having a strict policy isn't equivalent to spending weeks of class time teaching about the ills of bad behavior. emoticon_rolleyes   That's why we spend less on them than we used to, right? That's a myth.  Increasing Spending  You've heard the expression, "you get what you pay for?" The fact that better products and services usually cost more than inferior ones has conditioned us to assume that the same pattern holds true for anything, including education. Increasing our expenditures on public schooling has thus been seen as a promising way to improve its quality since the birth of the institution some 150 years ago. Though it's difficult to trace spending patterns that far back, we do have more recent statistics. What those figures show is that we now spend roughly five times more per pupil per year than we did in 1950, in real, inflation-adjusted dollars.4  Many factors have contributed to this rise. Children now spend more days in school per year, schools offer a wider variety of programs, school buildings are larger and more expensive, there are many more teachers, administrators and non-teaching staff per student than there once were, salaries have grown, and, in recent decades, the number of students classified as learning disabled (and hence eligible for special services) has skyrocketed.5  Yet, this tremendous growth in the apparatus of public schooling, and the corresponding dramatic rise in its cost, has not ended a history of stagnation and decline in academic achievement during the last three quarters of a century. Yes, a motivated researcher can find five- or 15-year spans during which scores on a particular test went up or stayed the same. But when the most reliable measures of student achievement trends are taken together, they point at best to stagnation, and at worst to a steady deterioration of scholastic achievement over the past 70 years. The most alarming evidence of a decline has been in the most important skill of all: reading.6 This finding is sadly consistent with the already cited International Adult Literacy Survey, in which nearly one in four Americans ages 16 to 25 scored at or below the Survey's lowest level of literacy.7  The accuracy of this picture is corroborated by numerous other research findings and examples at the state and district levels. Over the years, many studies have compared how well students in higher-spending public schools performed compared to their peers in lower-spending schools. The overall conclusion has been that higher spending is not significantly associated with higher achievement.8 Even researchers initially skeptical of this conclusion have found it to be true: Higher public school spending generally does not help children learn more.9  Indeed, some of the most troubled, lowest performing districts in the country are also among those spending the most money. Baltimore, Hartford and Washington, D.C., for example, all spend upwards of $9,000 per pupil annually (the national average is about $7,000), yet are plagued by poor test scores and decaying facilities. Between the late 1980s and the late 1990s, Kansas City, Missouri became the highest spending district in the country, adding well over $1 billion to its existing budget in obedience to a court ordered reform plan. Despite this unprecedented infusion of funds, overall student achievement did not improve, and the judge responsible for the order eventually rescinded it, acknowledging its failure. http://www.educationreport.org/article.asp?ID=4451   You certainly aren't going to get a pass from me when you make such easily refutable claims WRT education. It's a topic that I'm VERY familiar with. Ten years ago, I was the anti-Christ because I ran for our school board on a platform of, heaven forbid "teacher accountability". You'd have thought that I had murdered a nun by the reaction I got from the local NEA. emoticon_rolleyes
Wow, this is such slippery slope rubbish. Do you have some crystal ball that predicts what is going tp happen? NO   No, I have a history book full of actual examples of incrementalism. Blacks gained some equal rights back in the 60's, (which I don't disagree with), but I disagree with how small percentages of progressing minorities NEVER STOP. Ever hear the term " repairations"?? A small, activist group of them seek compensation from TODAY'S society at large for something that happened 150 years ago!! I saw a high level represenative of that movement smugly declare on national television that they were going to succeed in getting them too. Thankfully, the majority of black people don't seem too militant in demanding them. But some of them are recruitable. It all takes time.  If gay marriage is legalized nationally, I don't think it will take long for gays to make it clear that straight people have now admitted they were wrong. Gays will easily be able to document all the money they lost in the past RECENT DECADES by not having the same benefits (all carefully described earlier in this thread) It won't take 20 or 30 years for you to demand repairations, and you'd have a far better chance of getting them than blacks do for something that happened 150 years ago. I know you'll say you don't want them, and chances are no one posting here actually does right now. But I guarantee there will be militant activists among you who will, and they will recruit you. You'll find money being dangled in front of you as irresistable as blacks do.   The "slippery slope fallacy" phrase doesn't hold up when we actually try to utilize one of the best teachers we have, HISTORY.
Good lord!  What does gay marriage have to do with public schools?!?!?!?!  It's so ridiculous. .........  I mean, the only connection I can see is that the kids of gay parents that go to public schools will have parents whose marriage is legally recognized. (Yes, there are already kids who have married gay parents.)  Check out some of these links and tell me that there isn't a concerted effort to promote homosexuality in schools.  http://www.narth.com/docs/captive.html http://www.education-world.com/a_admin/admin087.shtml http://www.tcjj.com/nea_psr.html http://www.vtnea.org/taskforce.htm http://www.rethinkingschools.org/archive/11_03/rofes.shtml  The schools are the most visible battleground between those who want a gay agenda taught and those who don't. Many couch the curricula under the guise of teaching acceptance and tolerance, but one glance at some of the curricula and its apparent that its bias is one of advocacy.
No, I have a history book full of actual examples of incrementalism. Blacks gained some equal rights back in the 60's, (which I don't disagree with), but I disagree with how small percentages of progressing minorities NEVER STOP. Ever hear the term " repairations"?? A small, activist group of them seek compensation from TODAY'S society at large for something that happened 150 years ago!! I saw a high level represenative of that movement smugly declare on national television that they were going to succeed in getting them too. Thankfully, the majority of black people don't seem too militant in demanding them. But some of them are recruitable. It all takes time.  If gay marriage is legalized nationally, I don't think it will take long for gays to make it clear that straight people have now admitted they were wrong. Gays will easily be able to document all the money they lost in the past RECENT DECADES by not having the same benefits (all carefully described earlier in this thread) It won't take 20 or 30 years for you to demand repairations, and you'd have a far better chance of getting them than blacks do for something that happened 150 years ago. I know you'll say you don't want them, and chances are no one posting here actually does right now. But I guarantee there will be militant activists among you who will, and they will recruit you. You'll find money being dangled in front of you as irresistable as blacks do.   The "slippery slope fallacy" phrase doesn't hold up when we actually try to utilize one of the best teachers we have, HISTORY.  So we should not give gays their rights, because they might become millitant?  By your logic, we should not have given blacks their rights because there are millitant blacks right now.
JP, I am not sure if you have noticed but kids need to learn more about "getting along" they need to learn more than science and math. Back in the days when we just taught math and science and nothing else are the days that got us where we are.  I disagree. "Back in the day" we were the manufacturing capital of the world because we had strong science and math skills to go along with a strong work ethic. What got us where we are today was post-WWII liberalism and the indoctrination by public schools that Uncle Sam owes us a living and that it's better for us to feel good about ourselves than to MAKE something of ourselves.  With metal dectors and police officers in the schools. It was bullying that brought us Columbine.  No, that is what a generation of moral relativism and failure to enforce discipline on spoiled brats got us. My grandparents didn't worry about my mother and father's "individuality and expression". If they stepped out of line, they got put right back in it. The parents and the murderers at Columbine had much less in common with generations past than they did modern liberalism.  Of course we are teaching more than math and history. We have no choice, if teacher s don't play psychiartists, the ids kill each other off in a rain of bullets. Sorry if I disagree, but violence in school isn't caused by a strict upbringing, quite the contrary, it's the end result of societal decay that started when we began rewarding illegitamacy and making excuses for thug behavior.  If the parents would teach them something great, most parents fall by the way side. Speak for yourself. Statistics show that when parents teach their kids, they outperform those taught by "professionals". emoticon_rolleyes
So your history book can determine the future? more rubbish.   It can give logical people something to consider. What else do we have? Emotion?  What about other minorities that sought right like women and hispanics, the disabled, the mentally ill, none of them looked for reparations.  They never had a fraction of the vengefulness that you people have. ANYONE who reads this thread can see that.  In one sentence you antigay rights poster say how we cannot compare the gay rights movement to the black civil rights movement, yet here you are clearly making the same comparison. Rubbish (since I can't use better words, rubbish)  I never said that - if another person here did then I disagree with them. They're not identical, but comparisons can be made.
So we should not give gays their rights, because they might become millitant?  By your logic, we should not have given blacks their rights because there are millitant blacks right now.  We haven't determined that gay marriage IS a right.
The statistics are looking at males who have sex with males, not gay-identified males. There is a reason why the CDC makes the distinction, as it is not the same thing. This puts the rest of your calculations off, and is the reason why the CDC does not make similar calculations. You are adding apples and oranges. We will also never know how many gay-identified men there are, as long as there is such stigma. You are looking at one small age group of men who have sex with men.   So the CDC's distinction of males having sex with males doesn't mean that they're gay? Minimally, they're bisexual. emoticon_confused  And, if you recall, we were talking about male children, as in "my son".    None of this deals with women, for whom I'm guessing, having sex with a woman and not with a man, is recommended?  No, the CDC statistics show that the risk of women getting HIV from hetero males is small, unless they're drug addicts.   Wrong, for some of the reasons I explained above. There are also other variables for practicing men who have sex with men, such as sex, but with prevention, which will decrease the risk. There is no such thing as safe smoking practices. The CDC talks specifically of "risk behaviours" and "prevention" among those men who have sex with men. It doesn't say the behaviour of a man having sex with a man itself, is putting him at risk, but is pointing to other behaviours such as doing so without prevention or protection. Yes, let's indeed look at specific risk behaviours and steer your son or daughter away from those. Do you believe a man who is gay-identified and having sex with men, has no options to lower his risk? Should we be teaching safe sex practices and lower risk behaviours to anyone at all then? You're attempting to make a distinction without a difference. Are you claiming that MSM aren't gay? They certainly aren't heterosexuals. The only time I would think that occurs is in prison. emoticon_rolleyes There are lots of things that I can do to decrease the risks associated with an inherently dangerous practice, but none of them are as "safe" as abstention. Sorry.
It's still a young disease, give it some more time... Women Women make up nearly one-third of new HIV infections. 4  In 1992, women accounted for 13.8% of people living with AIDS 5; by the end of 2001 that percentage had increased to 21%. 6  Among women, sexual contact accounts for 75% of infections. 7  http://www.cdcnpin.org/scripts/hiv/hiv.asp#women  Percentage with HIV who are women in North America increases from 20% in 2001 to 25% in 2003... http://www.unaids.org/bangkok2004/GAR2004_html/GAR2004_03_en.htm#TopOfPage  I've seen the facts on women. I believe that you are attempting to deflect the issue, however. If you dig a bit deeper, you find that women contracting HIV are doing so predominantly by having sex with bisexual men, having sex with heterosexual junkies with HIV and sharing needles with HIV infected people. It can't be argued that it's a mainstream "straight" disease by any stretch of the imagination.    Lack of Recognition of Partners' Risk  Some women may be unaware of their male partners' risk for HIV infection (such as unprotected sex with multiple partners, sex with men, or injection drug use) [8]. Men who engage in sex both with men and women can acquire HIV from a male partner and can then transmit the virus to female partners. In a recent study of HIV-infected people (5,156 men and 3,139 women), 34% of African American men who have sex with men (MSM), 26% of Hispanic MSM, and 13% of white MSM reported having had sex with women. However, their female partners may not know of their bisexual activity: only 14% of white women, 6% of African American women, and 6% of Hispanic women in this study acknowledged having a bisexual partner [9]. In a recent CDC survey, 65% of the men who have ever had sex with men also had sex with women [10]. Substance Abuse  An estimated 1 in 5 new HIV diagnoses for women is related to injection drug use [2]. Sharing injection equipment contaminated with HIV is not the only risk associated with substance use. Women who smoke or snort crack cocaine or other noninjection drugs may also be at high risk for sexual transmission of HIV if they sell or trade sex for drugs [16]. Also, both casual and chronic substance users are more likely to engage in high-risk behaviors, such as unprotected sex, when they are under the influence of drugs or alcohol [17].  http://www.cdc.gov/hiv/pubs/facts/women.htm  emoticon_rolleyes
It can't be argued that it's a mainstream "straight" disease by any stretch of the imagination.   Not to butt in, but this is a good point. It's not about whether the infectees are straight or not, but rather if they are monogamous or not. And since gay men have the highest rates of HIV in the nation by a landslide according to the CDC, one has to conclude they have real problems with monogamy.  Logic alone indicates that a monogamous person is far less likely to get HIV.
It's being spread by men having sex with women. None of your data disproves that fact.  Usually by men who acquired HIV from having sex with other men, that is. You like to omit salient facts in your argument. emoticon_rolleyes
ALL men especially young men have some problems being monogamous.  I would think that unprotected anal sex does carry the greatest risk of transmission of HIV since it seems bleeding must take place in order to transmit the virus.   So when the responsibility for safety is left to young horny men it is not surprising that they often fail to play it smart. I don't see that as a homosexual issue exclusively.  I noticed the careful choice of cavaet at the end. May I suggest a different cavaet, predominantly? emoticon_rolleyes
No, I'm not.    Yes I am. There are many studies in fact, which show a much larger percentage of men reporting having sex with other men, then is the percentage of those who identify as gay men. Those are two separate categories...  Laumann et al (1994) found that 9% of men and 4% of women reported having engaged in at least one same-gender sexual activity since puberty. Given the identity category choices of heterosexual, homosexual, bisexual, or something else, 2.8% of men and 1.4% of women surveyed reported "some level of homosexual identity."   Binson et al (1995) showed 5.3% of men reporting sexual activity with a same-gender partner since age 18. and 6.5% of men reporting sex with men during the previous five years. The highest prevalence was found the 12 largest cities (14.4% since age 18) and among "highly educated" White males (10.8%).  Sells et al (1995) reported 6.2% of males and 3.6% of females with "sexual contact with someone of the same sex only or with both sexes in the previous five years," and 20.8% of U.S. males and 17.8% of U.S. females with some homosexual behavior or some homosexual attraction since age 15.   Gonsierek et al (1995) reviewed the literature and critiqued surveys of homosexual activity from Kinsey in 1948 to the 1994 study by Laumann, et al. Because of the possible risks involved in self-disclosure, it is posited that the recurrent 2-5% for same-gender sexual behavior in the studies reviewed represents a minimum figure. They suggest that the current prevalence of predominant same-sex orientation is 4-17%.  http://www.geocities.com/plusg1/facts_05.htm  You're still basing your argument on a technicality. Would you not concede that the majority of MSM are gay? And that MSM are the leading source of the spread of HIV? Tell me, hypothetically, if society has a moral obligation to stop the spread of AIDS, should it allow gay marriage but attempt to ban MSM, instead? After all, if gays aren't spreading HIV, then we sould be concentrating on MSMs and not worrying about gay marriage, right? emoticon_rolleyes
One, if homosexuality was a "right" thing then why wasn't 3 sets of ppl formed, such as, man/woman, woman/woman, man/man? second, when 2 woman and 2 men can procreate, i will readily accept that homosexuality is a righteous thing. emoticon_xangel
You should take off the blinders and learn to read more carefully. Your data only said they MAY contact it from a man who had sex with another man. Even if it were usually from men who first aquired it from other men, it is still being spread by men having sex with women. I am not omitting anything. You are looking for a scapegoat so relations between men and women won't be held responsible for the diseases they spread from that activity. It's similar to Mary getting a disease from a parnter John, and John and Mary blaming the person and the activity which gave him the disease, saying that he Mary and their activity isn't really to blame, just because they contracted the disease from John and Mary's activity. They had no need to use a condom, and it's not John or Mary's fault for not involving a condom in their activity.   If you want to find the source of a leak, you don't look at the end of the pipe, do you? Wouldn't you trace the pipe back to its origin? The origin of women with HIV is typically from having sex with a man with HIV who acquired it by having sex with a man with HIV who got it by having sex with a man with HIV...etc., etc.,  Now, I agree that due to all of the bisexuals and MSMs out there who have spread the disease to women today, even having heterosexual relations isn't safe. But the widespread propagation of HIV took place in the gay community, not straight America. Straight America has acquired HIV tangentially to the main cause, either through transfers of blood from needles or via sex with a high risk partner, namely drug addict or MSM.
Unfortunately, the situation is not "hypothetical", it is "hypocritical". Careful, you're treading on a lack of civility.   Gay marriage promotes monogomy and frowns on promiscuity. Would you deny that monogomy and less promiscuity should logically reduce the rate of HIV infection? Yet you vehemently oppose gay marriage. I guess you haven't been watching very closely. My "negatives" about gay marriage have decreased significantly. I conceded that my fiscal concerns don't exist and was in the process of gaining some knowledge about "recruitment or lack thereof".   You also incorrectly assume that MSM within committed, loving, monogomous, gay marriage would continue the spread of HIV. No, I said that MSM constituted a high risk group that, if I was able, I would steer my son away from.   How would you deal with HIV spread through heterosexual contact? Would you ban heterosexual contact too? Realistically, I couldn't ban homosexual contact. My concern was that we don't increase the liklihood of more cases by promoting homosexuality.  You have established no link between gay marriage and the spread of HIV whatsoever.  You're absolutely right. I haven't established such a link, nor do I know if such a link even exists. My comments about the dangers of MSM wasn't directed at committed gay relationships, they were directed to the current practice of SMS amongst young men. If gays in committed relationships don't stray (like they always do on Six Feet Under), then I would logically expect a positive effect on the spread of HIV amongst them.   The link between MSM and HIV cannot be denied.  That's a point that not all of your fellow advocates will concede. I keep getting comments designed to cloud that point. I'm glad that you admit the link, it tells me that you are more interested in being credible as a result.  But it is not the only link. And not all MSM results in the spread of HIV. If you were truly concerned about the risk of the spread of HIV, you would support monogomous gay marriage. Instead, you hypocritically oppose gay marriage.  Again with the lack of civility. I would think that those wanting legalized gay marriage would be anxious to prove that committed gay marriages would DECREASE the spread of HIV. THAT would be quite a selling point for your position, IMO. But I have never seen any studies or information making and/or supporting that claim.
Assuming your conclusion is true (which I am not), what would you "logically" conclude that problem stems from?  It is correct [that gay men have the highest rates of HIC infection]. I've seen the stats more than once. It can be found on the CDC website somewhere.  I think the lack of monogamy problem among gay men stems from the fact that homosexuality has always been hand-in-hand with promiscuity.   Then would it not behove us to promote monogomy through marriage rather than to oppose it?  Maybe, but I find myelf wondering why so many of them apparently felt they needed to wait until the govt. sanctioned their relationships to be monogamous.
I don't understand why people make negative statements with nothing to back them up, and then expect others to disprove them. I'm assuming that this rhetorical question wasn't directed to me since I backed up my negative statements with facts.  I, likewise, have never seen any studies or information that would support either an increase or a decrease. Assuming it had no affect at all, I fail to see it as an argument AGAINST gay marriage. If it had a negative influence, I could see it being used as fodder to blow gay marriage out of the water. You must be wearing blinders if you don't see it. If a link between gay marriage and an increase in the spread of HIV could be substantiated, you might as well kiss ANY hope good bye. emoticon_confused
emoticon_frazzled emoticon_wow emoticon_wow   Did I read that right?  I better get a hard hat and a snowmobile, I think the sky might be about to fall, but the riding's going to be good in hell. :p   Waxy  Leave your toque on. You can't be THAT surprised that I find credible statistics credible, can you? emoticon_confused
We do not know where the original leak of HIV started. Agreed. But the floodgates opened up in the gay community.   Yes, it's easy for you to scapegoat a certain group you don't like, when you don't know where that original leak was, as I said above. The CDC also cites women having sex with an already infected partner or men with unspecified risks, as risky for women. It's not just MSM.  When did I EVER use the term "always" or "exclusively"? I've used the word predominantly a few times, however. Do you dispute that? emoticon_confused
Nor should they, unless there is evidence that the voting public knows its head from its heels about education.   Now THIS is one of the best examples I have of why you are mistaking the reasons why gay marriage is opposed. It's the voting public's children that are being educated, and the voting publics money that is footing the bill. To suggest that elites know better than the general public about education reeks of liberalism. Liberalism and gay marriage go hand in hand. THAT is the main reason gay marriage is opposed, far more than all "slaps in the face" - "punches in the gut" - "being spit on", ways that you falsely take it.   Check out www.glaad.org sometime. A while back they were hatefully pointing fingers at Mel Gibson for something in one of his movies. Currently they are encouraging everyone to bombard Creators Syndicate to get Thomas Sowell's columns removed from as many sources as possible. Sowell writes about 75 or so columns every year. I'd guess maybe 3 or 4 of them have to do with his (very mainstream) views of gay marriage. Glad wants EVERYTHING of his removed. Is it because of his gay marriage views, or because of his comservative views??    Elementary schools? As I've written above, I'm confused about why you could think this. Does this happen historically? Are our children in school today, engaging in civil rights conflicts? I don't see why you think this.   It does happen historically. I was an elementary student in the 60's, and had a job as an adult that gave me a close-up of elementary education in the 80's, in the same district. I saw more liberalism, and less basic education. Gay rights is a tool of liberalism.  You and others here use pretty strong wording in describing "rights" and lack thereof. You called the lack of gay marriage an "evil and immoral action". There are at least a few million American adults who are straight as can be, yet aren't married and have no relationship with another person. (I'm one of them) Can you name me a right that I have that gay people don't?? I don't think it's a case of gay people not having rights, it's that married heterosexuals have a few special rights. Since the traditional family has long been considered a integral part of our society, I have no problem with them having a few special rights.  Does glaad? Is their agenda positive, or negative?
Though I suspect you're not really trying to avoid the points, there are two important things to keep in mind:  Unprotected sex, rather than actual promiscuity, is what most causes the spread of AIDS.  Hmm . . . I think you are really having to stretch there. I don't think it is unreasonable to say that being promiscuous can make one much more apt to get an STD. That 'being promiscuous' is exactly what we are talking about.  To blame it solely on unprotected sex instead of promiscuity (to use an analogy) is sort of like having a bathtub that is overflowing, and in order to protect the house from flooding, sawing out and digging a trench through the floor around the tub rather than simply turning down the water.  The fact is, if two people are monogamous to each other, knowing they are each free of HIV, there's no chance of them getting the disease from sex with one another. Protection is not even needed in such a case. Give it a try sometime!
I hope this has made my point clear: it makes no sense to attack a group of people that are more likely to get AIDS and claim that you are attacking the problem. That is not attacking the problem, that is simply an excuse to punish an entire group of people for the actions of a few. Understand now that it is not right to take away the rights of one man because of the actions of another.  How is exploring the possibility that a group's promiscuity has led to increased HIV infections in that group a case of "attacking" them?   In my opinion it IS one way of attacking the problem, but we cannot be expected to just ignore the one place where the problem has been most prevalent by far. And I also don't think this is a case of 'trying to take your rights away.'
The catch here is that you cannot deny people civil rights based on health statistics. So I missed how any of this is relavant to gay rights?  Oh really? Ever hear of people being detained/quarantined against their will when the SARS virus was spreading?   http://www.cdc.gov/ncidod/EID/vol10no7/03-0703.htm
Love is not always about procreation. My grandfather remarried at age 70. I don't think he was worried about procreation.  I guess someone should have told Strom Thurmon that. :)
I'm waiting for someone to concede that risk- and stability-wise, they really should steer their female children into lesbianism.  Take your time, I've got plenty of food stocked away.  If the only consideration was risk of HIV, then I might agree with your statement. But, fortunately, both of my daughters would like to have husbands and have kids with those husbands. I'm afraid that isn't possible with a lesbian couple without an outside sperm donor, third party intervention, that is. As for stability, I've never seen any stats on long-term lesbian relationships.
I was going to point out to JP that it would be quite difficult to measure promiscuity rates between single and married gay people when gay people aren't allowed to marry...  One could, of course, rely on self-reported "commitment", but that's more subjective.  What about other countries that have allowed same sex marriage for a long time? Canada has same sex marriages, doesn't it?
Actually, it was directed at you. You presented the idea that gay marriage will increase the spread of HIV. Where are your facts?  Would you like me to present a listing of all the negative statements you have made without any facts to back them up? I started working on it earlier this afternoon. It is getting quite long.  How about this one:  The list that I started wasn't MY list, it was A list of arguments that I've heard against gay marriage and homosexuality, in general, that would need to be addressed if you wanted John Q. Public to allow same sex marriages.....but you knew that already, didn't you? emoticon_rolleyes
I cannot help but feel that my posts on the subjects of STDs have not been addressed and this debate is being steered into a conversation over who has the best statistics. Statistics mean nothing when interpreted incorrectly.  .....  I hope this has made my point clear: it makes no sense to attack a group of people that are more likely to get AIDS and claim that you are attacking the problem. That is not attacking the problem, that is simply an excuse to punish an entire group of people for the actions of a few. Understand now that it is not right to take away the rights of one man because of the actions of another.  You make some valid points. Let me address the essence of them and not the particulars so that my reply isn't too windy. You claim that allowing gay marriage would decrease gay promiscuity and encourage monogomy. I ask, where is the proof? Heterosexual marriage is legal yet over 70% of children born in Detroit, for example, are illegitimate. If marriage isn't very effective in encouraging monogomy amongst heteros, why would we expect it to change gay behavior? And, amongst heteros couples who don't believe in marriage, they don't need "a piece of paper" to keep them monogomous.  It seems to me that gays promoting gay marriage as a means of increasing relationship stability and thereby reducing promiscuity and HIV are engaging in nothing more than wishful thinking. If it doesn't work for straights, why would it work for gays? Convince me otherwise, please.
Though I suspect you're not really trying to avoid the points, there are two important things to keep in mind:  Unprotected sex, rather than actual promiscuity, is what most causes the spread of AIDS.  To some extent, gay men ARE at higher risk, not because of promiscuity per se, but because of the prevelence of anal sex, the most effective way for the virus to leap to another person.  Again, it's unsafe sex, not promiscuity per se.  What would make even more sense would be to target that group not with slander but with an open educational campaign and societal support. That would be require talking about homosexuality, and we know who can't stand that, don't we?  And exactly what have we been discussing in this thread, chopped liver? :) emoticon_rolleyes   It wouldn't hurt for society to openly acknowledge and mourn the horrific loss, either. Hell will free over before that happens, of course...  Society rarely mourns for individual deaths unless they are celebrities. Society doesn't mourn cancer victims or heart attack victims either, so don't feel discriminated against.
Hmmm...do you really believe what you are saying? You seem to be battling your own private war here. You post this non-sence here, but in another thread you posted this:  For someone who doesn't believe there is a God, why so upset over what is "righteous" or not?   Until you can really make up your mind, maybe some down time is in order.  OUCH! Game, set, match. I guess the Midnightangel just had the spotlight shined on his hypocracy. emoticon_rolleyes
Really? Wow, congrats!!!! Ok, you're my new hero! emoticon_xlove  I've been with my wife for 28 years so far, 26 while married.
"HER" hypocracy, but yes. I had had just about enough of her hypocracy and xenophobia for a lifetime. Had to call her on that.  Oops, my bad. emoticon_emb
OH DA*N IT THERE YOU GO AGAIN. Trying to tell me my son doesn't exist because I'm a lesbian and therefore would be impossible for me to ever have become pregnant.  WHEN WILL YOU LEARN?  Being gay DOES NOT MAKE ONE STERILE!  Aside from Mary, I'm not aware of ANY woman getting pregnant without the assistance of a man. I may be going out on a limb here, but I believe that you had a third party involved that had more "parts" than you and your partner. :) emoticon_rolleyes
The topic at hand (way back there somewhere) is your "steering" your gay children into heterosexuality "for their own safety". Obviously, female children who want HUSBANDS would not qualify as gay.   The concession you are trying desperately to avoid is that the "logic" that would lead you to steer a gay son away from homosexuality is the same "logic" that would lead you to steer a daughter towards a fulfilling lesbian life, whether she were gay or not.  Both attempts, of course, make no sense.  Now you're just attempting to get cute. I made some general statements about "kids", but I specifically said "son" on a number of occasions WRT steering him away from homosexuality. I don't have the same health fears to deal with in relationship with my daughters' sexualities.
Please do not be so harsh; he was presenting arguments that he had not heard our view upon and he simply wished us to discuss them and present our side of the story. Upon hearing our side of the story, he agreed that many or all of those arguments he presented were not justified.  Now he has again offered us a set of arguments which he has not yet made up his mind on and wonders how we can prove them wrong. Let us exert ourselves not discouraging him but discouraging those arguments. Let him judge us by our reasons and good will, not by how harshly we have spoken of him.  I don't think that wsm2506 gets it. From the start, I have tried to present arguments that straights have against gay marriage. Some were stereotypical beliefs, some were based on nothing more than a lack of knowledge and some were based on factual assertions. Maybe it would have been easier if I had listed which views I held personally, I don't know, but the purpose of the thread was to debate gay marriage. That included the myths, the stereotypes, the preconceptions as well as the misconceptions. While I believe that you were in tune to what I was attempting to do, I saw enough hostility amongst others to know that they either didn't or couldn't maintain civility over the long haul. It is this "in your face" attitude that causes straight people to harden their position, not soften it. Even if you could factually disprove all of someone's assertions, if he doesn't like you or your methods, you aren't going to get his buy in. That's just human nature.  You, on the other hand, have maintained a very steady demeanor and refused to engage in invective hurling. I appreciate that and look forward to discussing other topics with you in the future.
He said health statistic being involved in restricting the rights of a group of people. In the SARS case, they already had the disease and they were quarantined. Why would you restrict the rights of people who do not have the disease? To prevent the inadvertent introduction of a communicable disease from an area known to have a high incidence. Below is the law that allows the US to ban travel from foreign countries to the US in time of outbreak.   UNITED STATES CODE TITLE 42 - THE PUBLIC HEALTH AND WELFARE CHAPTER 6A - PUBLIC HEALTH SERVICE SUBCHAPTER II - GENERAL POWERS AND DUTIES Part G - Quarantine and Inspection  ..... 265. Suspension of entries and imports from designated places to prevent spread of communicable diseases  Whenever the Surgeon General determines that by reason of the existence of any communicable disease in a foreign country there is serious danger of the introduction of such disease into the United States, and that this danger is so increased by the introduction of persons or property from such country that a suspension of the right to introduce such persons and property is required in the interest of the public health, the Surgeon General, in accordance with regulations approved by the President, shall have the power to prohibit, in whole or in part, the introduction of persons and property from such countries or places as he shall designate in order to avert such danger, and for such period of time as he may deem necessary for such purpose.  http://www.cdc.gov/ncidod/dq/42USC264.htm
You want him to base his sexuality on fear. Yet, in other posts you say there are other things to consider for your daughters, besides the fear of disease statistics. Why wouldn't there be other things to consider for your son's sexuality?  My son's sexuality isn't in question. I was stating a hypothetical situation in which a young man was unsure of his sexuality. In that instance, I would attempt to steer him away from homosexuality because of the increased haelth risks associated with MSMs. Is that clear enough for you?  What I said was it's less likely that my daughters would encounter HIV or engage in high risk activities (for many reasons, some of which are NOYB.) :)
Imposing on rights wasn't confined to specific groups or a specific group, among all of those suffering with SARS.  See post 284
As I recall, he wasn't "unsure". He was gay.  I went back several pages and you were indeed correct. I should have said "unsure", not gay in my post. Like you, I don't think that there's much of a chance converting a true homosexual into a heterosexual.
No one has the right to tell two consenting adults whether or not they can engagein a contractual union. Period. I don't give two shits whether or not someone finds it offensive, immoral, wrong, unnatural, or whatever. It's a peron's right to self-determination. He may choose as he see's fit whom he can marry if that individual is of concentual age.  Why only two consenting adults? Why not three? or four? or eight? It seems to me that you don't want to discriminate against gays, but do want to discriminate against polygamists. Don't the parties involved in polygamy also have the same right to self-determination?  Gay marriage harms no one, except some in the Radical Right/Religiwacko arena who have some antideluvian fascination with their Religion that's taken way too seriously to be safe. You're certainly free to hold that opinion.  Being homosexual and engaging in homosexual marriage will not destroy the insituation of marriage, for it exists around the world and nothing has happened for quite some time. Actually, legalized gay marriage is a relatively new phenomenon (as my gay buddies have told me in this thread), so the jury's still out.  Gays are not the "satanic" influence on families, and there is no evidence that children or neighbors will be harmed by them getting married. It's a myth, and unsubstantiated. That was the purpose of this thread, to separate the wheat from the chaff.  There really is NO real reason why they cannot get married. It's simply inequitable and unjust not to allow it. The only reasoning is subjective emotivism or religion. Under the current definition of marriage, it is neither unjust nor inequitable. Anybody who is above the age of consent is free to marry a member of the opposite sex. What you're really argunig for is the redefining of what "marriage" is. That's a legitimate function for society to undertake, should it choose to do so. Social mores change with time, maybe it's time to rethink the definition of marriage to include same sex marriage. But, I can guarantee you that if gay marriage is forced on society without its approval, an amendment banning it is almost a guarantee. And a new Constitutional amendment banning same sex marriages would be bulletproof. The SOCUS would be unable to rule it unconstitutional because it would represent the newest Constitutional law, so whether or not it violated the previous 5th or 14th would become moot. An analogy would be Prohibition and the subsequent repeal of it.
Marriage rights in general, including for straight couples, would just as likely lead us down this slippery slope, if one believes in slippery slopes.  I think it's already happening right now!
You may well be right. I most certainly do not understand your motivation for many of the statements you have made in this forum, unless they are based on an irrational prejudice against gay people.  So what if they ARE based on an "irrational prejudice" (which is YOUR take on them, BTW)? It seems to me that JP just wants to argue the merits of the gay marriage issue, period. Why should his personal feelings really matter? It's a national issue to debate regardless.  If I may, I would like to illustrate my point. I would like to present some arguments along the lines that you have presented. I most certainly do not subscribe to any of them, but I, as you have, ask you to disprove them:  There is a big difference between many the social arguements JP presented and the ones you presented regarding other matters: the jury is still out on a lot of what JP brought up. Many people still believe them, and many of those issues have not been disproven by your side. And as I have pointed out before, your own pride movement contributed to some of the arguments people made against gay people by such things as being more involved with seedier counter-cultural elements from the sexual revolution early on.
Please elaborate exactly what those differences are.  Here's a couple . . .  - Broadening the marriage standard to include other arrangements would cost nothing to society financially has certainly not been proven--the just is still out.  - the idea that gay sex (therefore gay people) are no more likely to get HIV than anyone else is unproven and the jury is still out.  I'm sure there are more, but I don't want to go back and review all of JP's posts right now. This should be sufficent for you to see my point.
Now now JP, don't attack the poor gal. Keep to the subject. The subject is Gay Marriage and yeah, that really is about "TWO" individuals, not three or four. You're only trying to confuse the issue and you know it. Polygamy is a different subject. If you want to discuss it, take it to the Civil Rights forum.   I wasn't attacking her at all. I was asking her to apply her same logic to another situation that would require the redefining of marriage. Her argument was that "No one has the right to tell two consenting adults whether or not they can engagein a contractual union. Period. I don't give two shits whether or not someone finds it offensive, immoral, wrong, unnatural, or whatever. It's a peron's right to self-determination. He may choose as he see's fit whom he can marry if that individual is of concentual age."  If she truly believes that no one has the right to interfere in the contractual rights of consenting adults, why do you have to stop at two consenting adults. See, that's one of the flaws that I see in redefining marriage. It opens the floodgates for marriage to be redefined by any group with enough political clout to do so. If same sex "marriage" and not civil unions are allowed, then precedence will have been set for redefining marriage.  ...And she has stated it. Let it be.  I merely made note of it.  This is true, however you're still attempting to goad Tigerlilly. This user is brand spankin' new to the forums. Back off for a bit before going directly to the jugular. I wasn't goading her, I was reitterating a fact that you folks told me.  Honey, I'm fairly certain you went directly over Tigerlilly's head here. Granted, many of us are a bit more experienced and have at least some idea of what you are saying, but give Tigerlilly a chance to catch up.   I believe that if you come out of the corner swinging, you should expect an early KO, but I had no way of knowing her level of knowledge a priori.   Sure, maybe Tigerlilly didn't read every thread or post in this forum yet. Give him/her a chance. Tigerlilly hasn't even completed a full profile yet. Noobies shouldn't start out posting comments that they can't back up in fact. It kills their credibility before they even get any. ;)
Tigerlilly, although your intentions are good, and don't get me wrong here I support your view, but I would really suggest reading more in this forum before you state some things that have already either been stated and upheld or stated and proven incorrect.  For starters, your assumption that Gay Marriage exists "around the world" isn't completely true. It only exists in three other countries.   As I said, I support you views, heck I'm gay and I want to attain a legal marriage with my partner of eight years. But I'm not about to state things which simply aren't true to do so.  Very tactfully done. Why don't you reply to me that way, honey ? ;)
How would you suggest advocates of gay marriage recieve approval from society? Wouldn't advocates of gay marraige have to challenge the current definition of marriage which excludes same-sex marriage?  You could go that route.....if you really wanted it to fail. Marriage is one of those things that falls into the category of social mores. Social mores are best changed through evolution, not revolution. For example, I don't see marriage laws as excluding same-sex partners. I see it as specifying opposite sex partners are required for a union to be a marriage. There IS a difference.  I can guarantee that if gay marriage is forced on the public, a constitutional amendment defining marriage as one man, one woman will quickly follow and there aren't enough blue states to stop it from becoming so. Forcing it through the courts, instead of the legislature, would be a nuclear option with bad consequences for gay marriage advocates.
Yes. Regardless of what happens with polygamy, it doesn't prove that same-sex marriage is right or wrong.  Agreed. But setting a precedence to redefine marriage from its traditional meaning will open the door for other attempts to redefine marriage as well.
Agreed. But setting a precedence to redefine marriage from its traditional meaning will open the door for other attempts to redefine marriage as well.  I'm afraid that precedence has already been set. Interracial marriage was once illegal, but now it is legal. In the Middle Ages, marriage was arranged by the parents. Now, it is the choice of the individuals involved.
Well, now that you're refreshed your memory as to your hypothetical childrens' orientations -- gay boy / gay girl -- how would you "steer" them? As I attempted to state, rather ambiguously I now see, if I had a child that wasn't sure of his sexual identity, I would attempt to steer him towards heterosexuality if for no other reason than to give him a better chance of remaining healthy and living a long life. There are definitely extra health risks associated with homosexuality, so I would try to persuade him to avoid those risks as I persuade him to never smoke for like reasons.  And even though it wasn't part of the original scenario, I'd really like to know why you wouldn't "steer" a hypothetical straight daughter into lesbianism, since the lesbian lifestyle is so much "safer" than the female hetero lifestyle. No, I wouldn't steer my daughters into lesbianism. While it's true that lesbians are less likely to contract HIV, there are other reasons to "steer" them towards heterosexuality. Grandkids are one reason that immediately comes to mind.   (hint: it's OK to just fall back on personal prejudice. Afterall, these fantasy kids are yours)  Actually, I have three "real" kids, all very heterosexual so there's no actual steering needed. And of the three, my son's beliefs are even more strongly religious-based than my own.
[QUOTE=wsm2506]You may well be right. I most certainly do not understand your motivation for many of the statements you have made in this forum, unless they are based on an irrational prejudice against gay people. However, I am again willing give you the benefit of doubt, which seems to be more than you are willing to give gay people    It would be very helpful to know which views you do hold personally and why you hold them. Have you seriously ask yourself on what basis you hold them?  If I may, I would like to illustrate my point. I would like to present some arguments along the lines that you have presented. I most certainly do not subscribe to any of them, but I, as you have, ask you to disprove them:  1. Masturbation causes blindness. I quit when I needed glasses, so you can't go by me. ;)  2. Masturbation is anti-Christian, and we are a predominately Christian society.  I guess I'm going to Hell, then.   3. Scientific studies have shown that childhood sexual abuse is predominately perpetrated by male family members, therefore, male family members should not be allowed any contact with children. Unless you're a relative of Michael jackson's, I'd say the probability is extremely low. I'm willing to live with those odds.   4. Heterosexual married couples produce more left handed offspring than homosexual couples. These left handed individual will rise up and demand accommodations in public areas and the workplace, creating an undue fiscal strain on taxpayers and businesses.Since the union of homosexuals produces zero offspring, we'd have a hard time maintaining SS bennies if there wasn't new blood to pay into the system  5. The incidence of sickle cell anemia is highest among the black race, therefore, black people should not be allowed to have children.We know enough about sickel cell anemia's spread to guard against a widespread increase. But, if it was highly contagious, you can bet we'd quarantine carriers.   6. The majority of drunken driving accidents and the resulting deaths, injuries, and property damages are caused by male drivers, therefore males should not be allowed to drive. Again, the statistics say that the risk is low, much lower than the chances of young SMS's acquiring HIV, I might add.   7. The incidence of violence against women is more predominate among heterosexual couples, therefore heterosexual couples should be banned. Again, low, acceptable risk.  8. Being a Roman Catholic increases the risk of a child being sexually abused, therefore, the practice of the Roman Catholic religion should be banned.again, low acceptable risk level  9. Insurance industry studies have shown that males have a shorter life span than females, therefore all males should be barred for obtaining life insurance.They aren't barred, but they do pay a penalty for being male.  10. Southern people are rednecks. Only those who spend too much time in the sun, unprotected.  11. White, Christian males are bigots. Only those who spend too much time in the sun, unprotected.  Absurd? Definitely. Stereotypical? Some definitely are. Inflamitory? Mythical? Misinformation? Lack of knowledge? I can even provide documentation, facts, and logical premises to support many of these arguments. Does that make them any less absurd? I don't think so. Are they any more absurd than some of the statements you have presented? I think not. The difference between my statements and yours is that the majority of Americans aren't being asked to change who can drive, wank, or anything other than redefine marriage. You could have chosen to ignore what I wrote, just as I chose to give some silly responses to you. I didn't jump in your face, call you names, etc., I maintained my civility in spite of your attempt to goad me.  Then lets stick to gay marriage. What does the incidence rate of HIV have to do with it?  It is widely believed by straights that homosexuals "recruit" straight kids, so, following the argument logically, it would also be assumed that endorsing gay marriage would lead to an increase in homosexuality and therefore, the spread of HIV. That's the argument that I was attempting to convey.  What does the number of pedophiles have to do with it? Many straights immediately think "pedophile" when the word homosexual is used. It's almost Pavlovian amongst some ill-informed straights. Where is your documentation?  We're talking perceptions here, not necessarily facts. I was throwing all of them out there for comment so that we could see which were real and which weren't.  Where are your facts that show such a link? see above Yet you expect us to disprove such fallacies. Not necessarily. I expected you to comment dispassionately on their veracity or lack thereof, though.   You don't consider statements such as "It will increase the number of pedifiles" as being "in your face"? You don't consider posting a second hand link to a satarical article from "The Onion", and only later when it was pointed out to you, claiming it was in jest, to be "in your face"? Hypothetically (to use one of your favorite terms), let's suppose I did understand what you claim to be your intent. How many other anti-gays do you suppose assumed it to be fact?  Anyone who has been following the thread from its inception should have known that the intent was to debate the pros and cons of gay marriage. I started Post #1 with MY fiscal concerns. They were addressed and my fiscal concerns were found to be unfounded. We, next, moved on to health and moral concerns (see post #97) In post 99, I wrote:  Thank you for laying out the basis for the next part of the debate. Unlike the economics of gay marriage, the moral repercussions aren't as easily quantified. Here are some of the "moral concerns" that I've heard expressed. I don't necessarily subscribe to them, but I'm laying them on the table for discussion.  1. Legalizing gay marriage will promote homosexuality, which is an unnatural condition 2. Legalizing gay marriage will corrupt straight children 3. It will increase the number of pedophiles 4. It is anti-Christian and America is predominantly a Christian society 5. It will weaken the institution of marriage  We can start with these and add or subtract as we see fit.   And later in the post  Again, thank you for setting the framework for further debate. Here are some of the health concerns expressed. 1. AIDS is spread predominantly through homosexuals and legalizing gay marriage would lead to an increase in homosexuals and therefore AIDS 2. STDs. There is a greater incidence of STDs from gay transmission 3. Lifespan. Gays die at an earlier age than straights, so we should be discouraging homosexuality as we do smoking I'll have to leave it here for now, but will finish later this evening.  Now, where exacting, in the above post, am I making "in your face" statements? There was no hostility in my posts then or now. I was simply putting down arguments that straights have expressed for not wanting gay marriage in an attempt to generate a dialogue. I even reitterated my desire to not have the debate degrade into hostility by stating that I woul;dn't reply to uncivil responses.  You, yourself, have most certainly proven that point  Now, do YOU get it? I understand the problem beter than you, evidently. I KNOW that you have to address straights' misconceptions, paranoia and fears while maintaining a non-threatening demeanor. So far, I've seen very little chance of that occurring if we can't even do so amongst reasonable open-minded, logical people. This isn't meant to be taken as confrontational, but if I was debating you in person on whether or not gays should be allowed to marry, you wouldn't be able to convince me that they should. Jaxian, on the other hand might. The reason isn't that his arguments are any more fctual than yours, it's because of his demeanor. It's honest, non-confrontational and conciliatory, when necessary. He allows room for people to admit that they were wrong without fear of being beaten over the head with the fact, he acknowledges when negative facts are presented and doesn't attempt to cloud the argument or deflect it and he does so in a credible, non-threatening way. Many times, the winner of an informal debate isn't the one with the best facts; it's the one with the most convincing argument and a convincing argument is more than just facts. The debater has to appear credible, likable and reasonable.   Has any gay person ever intentionally attempted to harm you or someone you care about? The following is but one example of what has actually happened to me. This is not fiction, this is fact.  I don't condiser myself a what many straight people consider a stereotypical gay person. I am not flamboyiant. I dress in "Dockers" and "Polo" shirts. I do not bring up the subject of my sexual identity, but will not deny it if ask that specific question. I am a degreed engineer.  One time, a group from a particular customer paid a plant visit to my company's facility to check on the progress of a project I (Manager of Manufacturing Engineering) and junior product engineer from our company were working on for them. They were accompanied by one of our company's sales engineers. Lunchtime came and I was tied up in the middle of debugging an injection molding process. The junior engineer (straight, male "supposedly" Christian) and the sales engineer (straight, male, Christian, who I did not know very well at all at that time) took the customers to lunch. During lunch, the junior engineer began a triade against me personally, including that I was a "fairy", a f@g, a "homo", ect., etc., etc.. Needless to say, the customer and the sales engineer were incensed, but not quite the way the junior engineer intended it. The sales engineer reported the incident to the plant manager. The customer's director of purchasing called the president of my company and demanded that the junior engineer be taken off the project or the customer would pull the product. Needless to say, my plant manager got a call from our company president. The junior engineer was given the choice of either formal, public apologizes to the customer, the sales engineer, and me, or submit his resignation. Being the "good Christian" he was, he resigned.  First, I'd like to thank you for sharing that story. I'm sure it was a very uncomfortble incident for all involved. And I think that your customer demonstrated what many claim doesn't exist, ethics in business.  Second, I'd like to say that the junior engineer was no Christian. Just because many Christians don't think that homosexuality is moral, it isn't an excuse for them to act un-Christian towards anyone. Jesus taught us to love everyone as we love ourselves.  Third, you asked me what I believed and said that maybe if you knew my personal beliefs, it would help. OK, here goes. 1. I believe that the push for gay marriage is "all about the Benjamins" but, not in the way that I first thought. My initial concern was the creation of more dependents that would be added to Federal outlays. The CBO analysis convinced me otherwise. 2. Someone told me that a $30 marriage license would have saved them $thousands in legal fees to give his partner equivalent legal standing to a married partner. That's a significant financial burden, IMO. 3. Marriage is a sacred union between a man and a woman. 4. I am in favor of civil unions for gays, not marriage because of my religious belief above. 5. I don't believe that gays are any more likely to be pedophiles than heterosexuals. 6. I still believe that there are increased health risks for males associated with practicing homosexuality over males practicing heterosexuality. 7. I'm not fully convinced that homosexuality isn't at least partially nurture and not 100% nature and therefore, I'm not 100% convinced that some recruitment or convincing doesn't take place. 8. I think that allowing gay civil unions may help reduce the spread of HIV by providing a legal stabilizing institution. 9. I'm not sure how to reconcile increased employer costs as a result of new legislation that would mandate them to pay for healthcare of same sex spouses. Perhaps the effect wouldn't be significant and my concern is unfounded. 10. I'm not a homophobe, gay basher or bigot, but I am a little ignorant about committed gay relationships. This thread has given me much food for thought in that respect.
I'm afraid that precedence has already been set. Interracial marriage was once illegal, but now it is legal. In the Middle Ages, marriage was arranged by the parents. Now, it is the choice of the individuals involved.  But the definition of marriage was always one man, one woman. This is much more of a radical change than race, IMO.
 Still, since you chose this sentence to pull out, allow me to explain why it is a bad idea for the public administrator to listen to everything the public demands. The public, first of all, is very uninformed about how to educate children, and they are very influenced by the media. They tend to hear some vague piece of information, and instead of researching it themselves, demand that something be unreasonably changed. The truth is, no one can be informed about everything, and the mass of the public isn't informed at all except on that which sends them into an outrage. Furthermore, parents tend to be interested more in what benefits their own children more than in what benefits the most children overall. Considering all of this, it is best to leave these decisions in the hands of someone who is an expert on the subject matter and who has a vested interest in making sure his school is successful, not in certain children succeeding over others or certain children getting good grades.   I disagree. The public consists of a very large number of people. They may be somewhat uninformed as individuals, but collectively a large group knows more about PUBLIC decision making than a FEW "experts". The same way that the public should be allowed to make the decision of whether or not we should allow gay marriage. Gays should, and are, allowed to make decisions about who they'll live with, spend time with, work with, etc. etc. That's an INDIVIDUAL decision - not up to the public, OR an expert.   As for things being liberal, well I'm not certain this is a liberal viewpoint, though it may be. I get my reasoning from the Federalist Papers, which I think provide much insight into these sorts of situations. So I do think it a Federalist viewpoint. Though you say "liberal" as though that is all you need say in order to show that something is bad. "Liberal" and "conservative" are just different viewpoints, each one requiring reasoning and evidence to prove themselves correct. Do not make the mistake of immitating radio show hosts in this respect; if you believe something is bad, you must have a reason for that belief, not just term "liberal" or "conservative".  I try not to be a name caller. Distinguishing between liberals and conservatives isn't name calling IMO. It's one of many reasons talk radio is popular. One of the strategies of today's liberals is play "moderate". You'll see those who claim to be a social liberal, but a fiscal conservative. That's not really possible - to be a social liberal requires money, and they'll try to cover it up in a debate. It's important to distinguish between the two labels. Though we may not like it, having political opinions requires taking sides. Picking and choosing, favoring one sides befefits without that same sides subsequent costs is common today.     Beyond this, same-sex marriage is a conservative value by nature, as conservatives tend to value keeping the government out of people's lifestyle and their decisions. Conservatives tend to hate it when the government interferes with people living their lives. On the other hand, it is also a liberal issue. Liberals tend to believe that the overall happiness of the people can be sometimes be increased through government interference. Republicans and those who identify themselves as conservatives today tend to disagree with same-sex marriage not based on conservative principle but on moral or religious principle. In my arguments, I intend to prove that banning same-sex marriage is harmful and morally wrong, and that although you are entitled to your religous beliefs on the subject, you are not entitled to take away the rights of those who hold different beliefs.  See above about the difference between a ~public~ decision, and a ~private~ decision.   I'm guessing that truly GLAAD was angry at something he wrote about same-sex marriage but that they probably would not have targetted someone very liberal. But what is the point here? Do you disagree with same-sex marriage because most gay rights groups support liberals?   Mainly, yes.   As for hatefully pointing fingers, certainly it could just as easily be said that most opponents of same-sex marriage hatefully point fingers at gay people. It's not an evil thing to do, it is the way people try to win civil rights battles.   I hope you are seeing from several of us here, (those of us against gay marriage) have reasons for being against it that have nothing to do with a personal dislike of gay people.   A tool? Surely you cannot call the rights of millions of people a tool, and surely you do not suspect that liberalism has some great intent to take over the world. Society itself has become more liberal over time, and that in itself is the only liberalism that has entered our elementary schools. Perhaps Gay rights is not a tool by which liberalism attempts to force itself upon others, and preventing it is a tool by which conservatism attempts to prevent society from becoming more liberal. People who have grown up knowing only one certain set of values watch society move away from that set of values and do what they can to stop that movement, even if it means stopping equality. I haven't decided that what I've just said is accurate for certain, but the more I speak with people, the more true that seems to become.   Right. Society has indeed become more liberal over time. Legalizing gay marriage will be an additional liberal victory.    In some off-sense, I could say that you have the right to marry the person you love while a gay person does not. Though to explain it more thouroughly, you do not have a right that any gay person does not have. By legalizing same-sex marriage, I am indeed suggesting that we give everyone the right to marry someone of the same sex, not just gay people. However it is also true that this situation is not equal or free. The lack of freedom is present in that people do not have the right to marry the person of their choosing. The lack of equality is clear not because you have some right that a gay person does not, but because the right to marry is designed so that only heterosexuals will use it. When I say that gays do not have equal rights, I do not mean they do not have as many rights but that our civil rights do not provide equality to everyone, though they certainly could be extended to do so. When I say that it is wrong to take away the rights of gays, I take it for granted that everyone understands that we are taking away this right from everyone, but that this right we are taking away would only be used by gays and they are therefore only the ones losing anything.   As things are now, gays AND single, companionless people share the burden equally in providing the tax benefits etc. that married couples enjoy. If gay people are newly included in these benefits, then single companionless people will be burdened far more than they are now.  Slavery was long part of our society until it was abolished. What is long part of our society is not necessarily good or just, and we should not give special privleges to things just because they have been in our legal books the longest. We should strive to continaully evaluate ourselves as people, and where we can increase equality, freedom, and happines, we should strive to do so. Everyone deserves special rights.  If everyone has something, it's not very special. :)     Well, GLAAD's agenda is equality for gay people, and I consider that a very positive agenda. But whether their campaign uses positive or negative tactics, I do not know. I get lots of mail from GLAAD asking me to donate money, and that mail is generally positive. "Make a difference!" You know what I mean; you'd have to expect that sort of stuff. I haven't paid much attention to their political tactics. Does it really matter?   Their website looks pretty negative and liberal to me. In the spread of liberalism, I think it matters a LOT.     Oh, well I think none of us have any doubt that promiscuity among gay men has led to the spread of AIDS. That isn't attacking them. It is stripping them of the right to marry that attacks them. What I mean is that I think people are looking at the problem that more gay people have AIDS than straight people, and they say, "Well, we should deny the rights of gay people to discourage being gay. That way less people will get AIDS." My argument is that this is discouraging the wrong thing, and because people are targetting the wrong thing, they are actually increasing the cases of AIDS by denying gay rights instead of decreasing them.  Well, hopefully that clears things up!  Stripping them of the right to marry? They never had the right. There is a difference between taking something away, and not allowing it in the first place.
 Furthermore, there is a very dangerous slippery slope to be run down by disallowing same-sex marriage. If the battle against same-sex marriage wins, we are setting a precedent that the government is allowed to disallow the rights of minorities any time it wants. With the denial of same-sex marriage, what other rights are soon to follow? Will we lose the right to cheat on our spouses? Maybe that one isn't so bad. Maybe you'd vote in favor of removing that right. If so, then you should see my point. What about divorcing our spouses; might we soon lose that right? What about having children out of wedlock? What about practicing a religion that the government has not approved? What about speaking out against the government? What about eating unhealthy food? At what point does restricting freedom end? Such a slippery slope is a far more dangerous one to walk down than the "what if people allow polygamy!" one. Everyone is in the minority on some issue, and everyone is in danger of losing their rights if same-sex marriage is not legalized.  Gay marriage is a NEW thing that's being sought, not an existing thing that someone's seeking to remove.
The definition has nothing to do with the sexes, it is all about what the right wing told you was the defintion. Up until gays there was no defintion. And up until the number of gays increased, there was no need to. Nobody thought marriage was anything BUT one man and one woman.   It is nothing more than a legal contract giving "special rights" to couples. But only hetero couples. We would like those rights extended not redefined. If you redefine what a marriage is gays might not want it anymore. We want it just as it is defined, but extended to us. You can't have it both ways. The 1996 Defense of Marriage Act defines it as one man, one woman. You would have to redefine marriage in that case.
I do agree that it is difficult to convince someone that they are wrong if they feel that you are very hostile, though I understand why people are very hostile here. As I've said, this topic strikes very close to home for a lot of people here.  That goes both ways. What you're attempting to do is undo fundamental Christian beliefs held by the majority of Americans. No small task, I might add.  I would love to discuss other issues, though I am not nearly as strong an arguer in those cases. It is my opinion that gay rights is the only issue under debate right now in which there is one side that is clearly correct. All other issues have valid points on both sides of the argument and it is a matter of determining which side has the best points. Still, I am very opinionated, and I love to debate. To me, gay marriage isn't a cut and dry issue. While the US isn't a theocracy, our laws and social mores are religion-influenced and that can't be easily dismissed, IMO.  Woah now, wait just a second. Polygamous activity is certainly not illegal. Banning polygamous activity would be a harsh limitation on freedom, this is certain. I actually agree with this; most arguments used to support same-sex marriage can be used to support polygamy as well. The difference is that there are argument which can be used against polygamy which do not apply to same-sex marriage. The primary argument against polygamy is that it is unequal and unrealistic. Applying marriage across ten people would in theory allow one person to spread his benefits of marriage across nine others instead of just one. For example, nine other people in a family could get that one man's health insurance instead of just one in a current-day marriage. Not only would this give polygamy benefits over other marriages, but it would be rather unrealistic to give that many people health benefits just because only one person has them. So it is unequal and impractical. Now we could in theory implement a form of polygamy where each member is allowed to give his or her benefits to only one other person, but how is that different from what we have today? Currently polygamous people can marry one other person and give that person benefits; technically their marriage is already recognized under the law.  Interesting that you would argue against polygamy on the grounds that I used to argue against gay marriage. :)   So creating polygamous marriage is a bad idea; we don't need it and it would create inequality. You may not like my reasoning on the subject, but if you do not, you had better have some reasoning of your own to back up your dislike of polygamy. If one does not have a reason to disallow polygamy, then he is not justified in disallowing it. So tell us that reason. If it also applies to same-sex marriage, then we can discuss its validity. But simply saying "if we can allow same-sex marriage, we can allow polygamy" is not enough because you have not given any reason that polygamy should not be allowed. When you give that reason, we can discuss whether it actually applies to same-sex marriage or not. I gave a reason to disallow polygamy which does not apply to same-sex marriage. I believe that the argument for polygamy would be analogous to the argument used by gays, that is you are discriminating against a "group"   Well, I discussed polygamy above. But how about incest? Well in my opinion incest too often results in children who are mentally disabled and is an abuse of the natural bonds of love created by the closeness between families. Again, this reason to disallow incestuous marriage does not apply to same-sex marriage. If you do not like my reasoning, again you simply must have a reason to dislike incest. The only reason you specified is that it is "creepy and weird". I think we can both agree that creepy and weird is a matter of opinion and is not any reason to take away the rights of others. So why do you dislike incest? Think about it, and think about whether those reasons apply to same-sex marriage. If they do, posts them here, and again, we will discuss their validity. Again, I believe that the same argument used by gays can be used to argue in favor of incest.  Sure I can. The argument in favor of same-sex marriage is based on religion often as well; whole bunches of people hold religious beliefs which state that marriage is between any two people who are not related by family. And it is those people that you want ignored when it comes to their religious beliefs against homosexuality. You can't use religious beliefs as an argument against incest and then turn around and say that they aren't also valid reasons against gay marriage. Either you accept that the religious beliefs hold for all or they hold for none. No a la catre choosing. ;)  Furthermore, there is a very dangerous slippery slope to be run down by disallowing same-sex marriage. If the battle against same-sex marriage wins, we are setting a precedent that the government is allowed to disallow the rights of minorities any time it wants. I still don't see it as disallowing the rights of a minority. Everyone has the right to marry a member of the opposite sex. Nobody is discriminated against due to race, religion. sex, etc.   With the denial of same-sex marriage, what other rights are soon to follow? Will we lose the right to cheat on our spouses? Maybe that one isn't so bad. Maybe you'd vote in favor of removing that right. If so, then you should see my point. IIRC, many states still have laws against adultery, so that one won't work. ;)  What about divorcing our spouses; might we soon lose that right?  Prior to no-fault divorce, there had to be a reason for a couple to get divorced. That wasn't so far-fetched.  What about having children out of wedlock?  That was once a no-no, too.  What about practicing a religion that the government has not approved? What about speaking out against the government?  1st Amendment guarantees against that. There is no applicable statute for gay marriage.  What about eating unhealthy food? At what point does restricting freedom end?  Good question. I've been asking that one since the first gun control law in 1968. If you can find an answer to that one, you're a damn good fortuneteller.  Such a slippery slope is a far more dangerous one to walk down than the "what if people allow polygamy!" one. Everyone is in the minority on some issue, and everyone is in danger of losing their rights if same-sex marriage is not legalized.  We're already sliding down the slippery slope, IMO. It's just a question of how steep do we want the slope.
Of course, I did allow myself to be drawn into this attempt to take us off the topic of gay rights, by discussing polygamy.  The two are inextricably linked, IMO. Once you argue that our current marriage laws prohibiting consenting adults from entering in a contractual agreement with another party is discriminatory, you open the door to other examples using the same argument.
Wrapped up in those three snippets is the heart of the argument. First of all, same-sex marriage is new in the modern era. It has been legal in earlier times in this culture (insofar as we are the continuation of Western civilization) and in other cultures. To some extent the reason it comes and goes is because the position of women vis-a-vis women changes over history. When men and women are seen more as equals before the law, same-sex marriage rises as a reasonable alternative for those who are attracted to members of their same sex. When culture sees women as subordinate to men, same-sex marriage seems really weird and appears to be a really bad fit for the relationship between two men or two women. Similarly, the idea of one man "owning" many women doesn't seem so strange if men are superior to women, but if they're equal, it's quite a shocking idea.  Now, our society has only recently shifted from a mild version of female subjugation (many women might rightly quibble with my use of the term "mild") to one of, at least theoretical, equality. Of course, we've also thrown in the concept of "romance" to really make things confusing.  I'd like to see some references for same-sex marriage being generally practiced and not just "tolerated". Everything I find seems to indicate that male/female unions are the natural state from antiquity to the present.   "The researches of several recent writers, notably those of Starcke and Westermarck, confirming in part and further developing the earlier conclusions of Darwin and Spencer, have established a probability that marriage or pairing between one man and one woman, though the union be often transitory and the rule frequently violated, is the typical form of sexual union from the infancy of the human race" (History of Matrimonial Institutions, I, pp. 90, 91).  and   To the modern Western mind it is surprising how common same-sex unions and even marriages have been in other times and other cultures. While there has been plenty of anxiety about these unions as well, they have at least been tolerated in most societies-except in Western society since the thirteenth century. http://www.simonsays.com/titles/0684824043/sameex1a.html    With government now viewing a couple as two equal citizens, rather than a dominant man and a subservient woman, the legal logic behind the ban on same-sex marriage no longer exists. That leaves the state with only the arguments based on reasonable and rational societal goals. Those are now seen as rather flimsy. I disagree. The legal system still has many laws that favor a woman over a man, especially in child custody law, but extending into other areas, such as real estate. For example, in Michigan, a married man cannot buy a house without his wife's consent, but it is legal for the wife to buy a house without the husband's consent. I found out that one the hard way when my wife and I were relocating from PA 20 years ago. I had to fly her out here, last minute, to sign papers before I could close on a house.  The reason society can allow same-sex marriage and disallow polygamy is that ALL citizens would be treated equally. ALL citizens could marry one other citizen. NONE could marry more than one. That's one test. Here's where your logic is flawed. You assert that it is legal to define marriage arbitrarily as "two parties", but illegal to define it as 3 or more. This is no different that our current situation. The law currently defines marriage as one man, one woman. It is argued by you and others, that this is discriminatory against same sex partners. Polygamists would argue that the number 2 is just as arbitrary as saying that only one man and one woman constitutes marriage and use your same argument. All citizens would be treated equally. All citizens could marry X other citizens.  [quote] The other is whether the restriction on ALL is rational and reasonable. The reason polygamy was banned before Utah could enter the Union was based on the unreasonable and undesireable effects of polygamy on society: the subjugation and exploitation of women and the dangers inherent in a having a large number of unmarried men (left over because some men would take many wives).   [Personally, I think society really needs to grapple with the idea of polygamy. I don't want to encourage the kind of polygamy that exists largely due to the subjugation of women, but respect for self-determination for those few who choose polyamory (whether hetero, homo, or bi) and respect for the religious traditions of many folk around the world both beg for some sort of solution in a modern, global context, though probably a highly regulated one.]  Bans on incestuous marriages also have rational and reasonable bases (plural of basis, nothing to do with baseball). In many states, cousins can marry. In some, they can't. In some, only sterile cousins can marry. Rational and reasonable as in religious or morally? You do know that the fear of getetic abnormalities from mating within one's family has been largely disproven, don't you?  The saddest thing about this whole issue is that the folks pushing the amendment are fully and totally aware that what they are doing is exactly the same as what the prohibitionists did. They are seeking power and dominance not by reason but by inflaming ignorance and hysteria.   Crappy way to lead a nation, if you ask me.  That's the danger of ticking off the majority in a "democratic" society. (I put democratic in quotes because we are a Cnstitutionally-limited Republic...on paper) emoticon_rolleyes
My personal reasons are:  1. My faith and belief in Jesus Christ and the Holy Bible which clearly states in both the Old and New Testament that it is wrong and God detests it.  2. It's no very practical especially trying to justifying it by saying it's natural due to the fact that we wouldn't be here if everyone was homosexual.  3. Although many men claim to condone or enjoy lesbian due to their perverse nature....I honestly don't find it appealing when you really come down to it. There's just something deep inside me that screams wrong, you may say it's due to my religious upbringing, but whatever it maybe I just don't agree with it.  4. I've never seen a homosexual relationship work out with children involved, the ones I do know commited suicided, or other drastic actions or behavioral problems as a result from homosexual parents. I know there are heterosexual parents who don't do the best as well, but I'm saying in general.  These are my reasons, call me a bigot, or call me whatever, but I will never change my point of view as this subject.
Umm, also! You quoted wsm2506 a bunch of times but used my name instead of his, which makes it seem like I said a bunch of things that I did not actually say. I was hoping you could modify your post to account for this. I have bolded this just to make sure it isn't missed, not because it is a main point or because I'm angry or something.  I noticed that too. An honest mistake I'm sure, but it should be corrected.   I come back atcha Jaxian - no time right now - I'll have to sleep on it. BY MYSELF of course!! :p
My personal reasons are:  1. My faith and belief in Jesus Christ and the Holy Bible which clearly states in both the Old and New Testament that it is wrong and God detests it.  If that is true, then why not let God punish the action? Why does God require the aid of the State?
It has not been proven that it would either. I have presented a report from the CBO saying it would present an overall fiscal benefit to the federal government to the tune of +~$1 Billion per year over the next ten years. I would be interested in your opposing documentation.   I wasn't going to muddy the waters, but you did ask. The CBO was also asked to evaluate the cost to US taxpayers for allowing coverage of federal employees "partners".   H.R. 2426  Domestic Partnership Benefits and Obligations Act of 2003  As introduced in the House of Representatives on June 11, 2003, with a modification requested by the sponsor   SUMMARY H.R. 2426 would provide fringe benefits to domestic partners of federal employees. Same-sex and opposite-sex domestic partners of federal employees would be entitled to the same benefits available to spouses of federal employees. Those benefits would include survivor annuities, health insurance, life insurance, and compensation for work-related injuries. Additionally, H.R. 2426 would amend the Internal Revenue Code by exempting domestic partner benefits from federal income taxes.   CBO estimates that enacting the bill would increase direct spending by $137 million over the 2004-2008 period and by $242 million over the next 10 years. Discretionary spending under the bill would increase by $525 million over the 2004-2008 period and by about $1.3 billion over the next 10 years, assuming appropriation of the necessary funds. The bill would also affect federal revenues; those effects would have to be estimated by the Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT).   H.R. 2426, as introduced, would extend benefits to domestic partners of active federal employees and of current and prospective retirees. At the request of the sponsor, this estimate excludes the costs of extending such benefits to domestic partners ofcurrentlyretired federal employees. (Including benefits for the domestic partners of currently retired federal employees would increase direct spending by an additional $448 million over the 2004-2008 period and $1.4 billion over the 2004-2013 period; it would not result in additional discretionary costs.)   This is the type of law that follows that "slippery slope" of gay marriage. emoticon_rolleyes
This is the type of law that follows that "slippery slope" of gay marriage. emoticon_rolleyes  No, only the slippery slope of the leftist position on gay marriage - expanding government involvement in marriage. The libertarian position (i.e. the privatization of marriage) has no such slippery slopes.
I am not attempting to undo fundamental Christian beliefs, I am attempting to give people equality under the law regardless of their beliefs. As I have argued in my previous posts, I do believe that if anyone is trying to undo their opponents beliefs, it is the opponents of same-sex marriage attempting to undo the beliefs of the supporters by illegalizing the practice of a certain belief. If you imply that I am offending people by stating that it is immoral to oppose same-sex marriage, well that may be, and I do not doubt it to be the case. However, it is necessary for my argument to say such things, just as it is necessary for your argument to offend gay people. In what I said there, I was not saying that offending gay people is a reason we should allow same-sex marriage, I was saying that it is understandable why people seem hostile to you.  I was using the collective "you", certainly not "you" personally.  I did not mean to imply that the issue is cut and dry for you, only that it is cut and dry for me. Whether some of our laws are based on religion, our Constitution is not, and most who founded our country believed in a freedom of religion unseen in past countries. Regardless, the religious beliefs of the majority are not and will never be an excuse to put something morally evil into our laws. From our debates in previous posts, I have not seen any benefit of banning same-sex marriage at all, yet I have seen countless benefits. Banning something that would help people and harm no one is evil, as far as I am concerned. All of our Constitution is based religious-based morality and principles. It came with the times and authors. As for putting something "morally evil" into our laws, many would argue that allowing gay marriage would do just that. i guess it just depends on which side of the issue you're on.  Hmm, well perhaps I didn't explain myself very well. The argument I intended to present could only be used to support same-sex marriage, not argue against it. Let me re-explain myself: If we legalize same-sex marriage, everyone will have an equal right to bestow their marriage benefits on one other person that they fall in love with. If we legalize polygamy, those in polygamous relationships will be able to bestow their marriage benefits on an unlimited number of people while those in monogamous relationships will only be allowed to bestow those benefits on a single person. That is the inequality I spoke of. Carrying that logic to the same-sex marriage debate, it could easily be said that those in opposite-sex relationships are able to bestow marriage benefits on one person they fall in love with, while those in same-sex relationships are able to bestow marriage benefits upon no one. My logic is intended to reveal an inequality that can only be rectified by allowing same-sex marriage and disallowing polygamous marriage. But if those in monogomous relationships also have the opportunity to "bestow their marriage benefits" to more than one partner, where is the inequity? It is no different than arguing in favor of same sex OR opposite sex marriage. As long as we offer the option to all, where's the inequity? It doesn't mean that everyone has to take advantage of that benefit for it to be equitable.   As I have stated above, polygamous relationships are already recognized and are already equal under the law to those of monogamous couples. Their marriage is recognized, and they can bestow their marriage benefits upon one other person. Equality is not discrimination. Where in the US is polygamy legal? I'm not aware of any state. Even Utah banned polygamy.  So do I. As with same-sex marriage, I believe that many of the arguments used to support gay rights can be used to support incestual marriage. However, as I stated regarding polygamy, there are reasons for banning incestual marriage that do not exist for same-sex marriage. I explain those. What non-morality-based argument is there for banning incest? I'm not aware of any.   I can do so because freedom of religion is a value worth holding. As a nation, we do not take away the rights from one religion because of the beliefs of another. We do not strip the right of one religion to build churches because it is not the majority just as we do not strip the right of one religion to marry because they are not the majority. We especially do not do so when allowing equality in religion would not hurt our nation; it would help it. But what if a practice goes against the beliefs of most religions? Do they have to conform to a new "immoral" law? What means to redress their grievances exists?  You wouldn't agree that people are being discriminated against based on sexual orientation? As I have said in the past: I am not arguing for a new right that only affects homosexuals, I am arguing to give everyone the right to marry people of the same-sex. I call this "rights of the minority" because as we all know, it is only those whose sexual orientation is in the minority who would take advantage of this new right. No, I wouldn't agree that they were being discriminated against based on their sexual orientation. They are being excluded from marriage based on their sex, not their sexual orientation. Gays can marry members of the opposite sex, so they aren't being discriminated against based on their orientation.  It will work; that should be all the more evidence of the slippery slope we're headed toward. States are ready to take away the rights of people; the federal government is ready to take away those rights. They've already done so. If they can take away the right to adultry, then they will. If the government can take away any right, it will. All we need to do is give them a reason, give them a sign that the people aren't going to rise up if the government takes away their freedom, and suddenly our freedom will be gone. Or at least that slippery slope is a far more likely and more dangerous one than the polygamy and incest one. There's no taking away of anybody's rights. You never had the right to marry someone of the same sex in the first place.  You're right, it wasn't. But each step we take toward restricting freedom makes the next step toward it seem less far fetched. Is it really the government's business why you got divorced any more than it is the government's business why you believe in your religion, why you chose the job you did, why you eat the food you do, or why you do anything else? Your life is your own, not the government's to control. Each step we take away from that is a step away from freedom. As many gays point out, marriage is a contractual agreement between partners. If I enter into a lifelong business contract with you, I have to have a reason to void that contract, don't I? So why is it unreasonable to expect that a marriage contract is at least as legally binding as a business agreement?....  More tomorrow....
I'd like to see some references for same-sex marriage being generally practiced and not just "tolerated". Everything I find seems to indicate that male/female unions are the natural state from antiquity to the present.  I think you are right about this, and I think gay pride people want very much to portray their movement as natural, because they know that the stigma of it being 'unnatural' is not helpful to their movement.   - Gay relationships are downright rare, compared to straight ones. Probably 3%, although gay pride people always go with the higher percentages up to about 7% tops. I've heard some percentages at 1-2%.   - Gay unions cannot, by natural biology, concieve children as a couple. Trying to get away from this reality by calling it 'irrelevant' or bringing up red herrings such as hetero couples who can't conceive due to problems doesn't change reality. Even if straight couples can't bear children because of problems, gay couples' bodies are physically unable to do so with each other as a couple at all to begin with.  I think a much better tactic than denying the reality that gay unions are not society's natural way would be to simply go with the fact that it's not natural and still argue these so-called 'rights' regardless. It looks pretty silly to call a duck an elephant over and over, when it waddles and quacks.
It is in the overwhelming intrest of any child that might be born of such a union because of the greatly increased likelyhood of birth defects.  In other words, the actions of the two individuals involved have a very high risk of HARM to any child born of such actions.  Same-sex marriage does harm to no one.  I'm not infavor of incest, but let me argue on it's behalf the same way you would argue for homosexuality to make a point here . . .  'Incest harms no one if you use protection. The harm comes from not using protection--it's not the relationship itself.'   'There is nothing in the Constitution than prevents it.'  'The 14th Amendment should apply.'  'Who are you to descriminate against someone if the want to marry their sister?'  You can use the exact same arguements to argue for one as the the other. And the harm of birth defects is just as preventable with incestuous relationships as HIV is preventable in gay ones.  Again, I don't argue these to promote incest (I don't approve of it) but it makes a good analogy to gay marriage.
It unfortunate that anyone would make such a statement as: "I will never change my point of view"  But wouldn't you too be prone to making such blanket statements about your view that homosexual sex is not immoral? Also, it seems to me that it is hard to expect someone to change their views on something when they claim to have witnessed it firsthand themselves.  And why should we give the APA a full pass on this and assume they HAVE to be right? They've been wrong on other things in the past.
How can a person who wants religious people to change their views about gay people and their actions be taken seriously when they tell someone "no one is asking you to change your "faith and belief"?   How could they not be asking for that?
How can a person who wants religious people to change their views about gay people and their actions be taken seriously when they tell someone "no one is asking you to change your "faith and belief"?   How could they not be asking for that?  No one is asking these people to marry gay.
Again, you stray from the issue I was responding to, which was the affects on children with gay parents, not the issue of morality / immorality of homosexuality itself. I have not said I would be unwilling to change my mind. But I have yet to see a compelling argument from an reliable, unbiased source that would cause me to do so.  It just happens to be the position of a preemminate association of mental health professionals based on peer reviewed scientific studies of the effects of lesbian and gay parents on their children.  With all due respect, the most we can say about any stance the APA takes is simply that the organization itself holds to that view. As I've said they've been wrong on other things before, so it's hard for me to consider them a "reliable" source. They've taken some really bad stances on such issues as adult/child sex (renaming it to not indicate abuse) as well as an initiative to take mental disorder status from pedophilia (which I think didn't happen mainly because so many people opposed it). And there is some consensus among some not in your movement that the APA is certainly NOT unbiased.
No one is asking these people to marry gay.  But they ARE asking them to change their views that OTHERS can.
By recognizing the people are entitled to their different beliefs, faiths, and views; something you seem incapable of doing. But beliefs, faiths, or views should not entitle them to impose them on others through legal means.  So are you telling me you don't want religious people to change their views on this issue?  And BTW, why do you persist on personally insulting me any chance you get?
But they ARE asking them to change their views that OTHERS can.  No, they can hold that view as well. In a libertarian society, it is still legal to believe in fascism.
More disinformation!! Gee whiz, what a piece of work you are.  That's not disinformation. Had to to break it to you, but the APA is not so above the fray as you must think.
That's a really bad argument, imo. Restricting what people can eat does not discriminate on that basis, either.   And yet you favor restricting rights in other ways? Across the board gun control does not discriminate.  But gun ownership is a protected Constitutional right, #2 in fact. emoticon_rolleyes
Marriage is a legal contract (get it???) between 2 (not some # <2, get it???) consenting (get it???) adults (get it????).  Again, you leave out a pertinent additional element in the marriage contract. One man, One woman. How can you argue so vehemently in favor of the requirement that marriage = 2 people, yet fail to argue in favor of the rest of the stipulations for a legal marriage contract? You can't have it both ways. You can't argue in favor of "partial requirements" that exist in the marriage statute. If you want to argue the sanctity of the number "2", then you also have to argue the sanctity of the "1 male/1 female" requirement as well.  My point is that what you are asking us to do is change the definition of marriage because the opposite sex requirement is arbitrary and discriminatory, IYO. Fine. The next step is to change the definition of marriage because the number 2 is arbitrary and discriminatory, as well. The same logic applies.
That is your unsupported opinion, not fact.  Back it up, please.  Come on, don't tell me you don't know about the incidents I'm talking about. Congress got involved, for goodness' sakes. The APA's credibility has never been the same since.  There is no reason you should not know about this; it was a big deal at the time. If you really don't know about this, start by reading the report itself from the APA Bulletin:  A Meta-Analytic Examination of Assumed Properties of Child Sexual Abuse Using College Samples (Abstract: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi?cmd=Retrieve&db=PubMed&list_uids=9670820&dopt=Abstract)  There was a big uproar about all this.  Also, in 1994, the APA manual "1994 Diagnostic and Statistical Manual IV" removed pedophilia as a sexula perversion (sound familiar?) unlile previous editions.
Yes, a politically motivated, staged "uproar" consisting almost entirely of rightwing pundits GASPing in ignorance.  LOL.  Well, there you go. I guess we could all blame things on the vast-right/left-wing-conspiracy if we try hard enough.
But if gays are allowed to make the decision of who they spend time with, work with, live with, etc; why can they not make the decision about who they marry? Why is it up to the public at large to determine that? Why can they not raise their children as they see fit? Why does the public at large get involved? Why can they not take and give a good home to a child from adoption? Why must the public interject its opinion? The entire issue we are discussing involves the public interjecting its opinion of marriage upon every individual couple. It is tyranny of the majority in every sense.   Because much of the public attends CHURCH, a place where a lot of marrying takes place. After gay marriage is legalized, churches will be in the spotlight. "Are YOU going to allow gay marriages in YOUR church, Baptists?? What about YOU, Catholics?" "Now that you admit that you've been WRONG about us all these years, what are you going to do to appease us?"  Moveon.org is just a strong as ever, probably growing, and they were formed because of Bill Clinton's sex controversy - a thing of the past. Do you really think hrc.org or glaad will meekly disappear if gay marriage is legalized? They'll find more to do.  Regardless, I do not believe there is any indication that the public knows anything about educating a child. The public could not put together a list of good courses for children to take; they simply aren't informed enough about school classes. Most probably couldn't even name more classes than those their child is immediately taking. Yet we're going to leave all of the decisions about how the school is run up to the 51% of public opinion that was aroused by some story in the news? In that case, might we not get rid of the school board alltogether?  Home-schooled children often outperform their public schooled counterparts on tests. My nephew is an example.   But as we have seen, supporting same-sex marriage saves money.   I haven't seen it. Maybe with perfect planning and co-operation it could - if gay rights groups won't march on with their agenda. Not much chance of that. Allowing abortion wouldn't require money,   It would if it was publically funded, a liberal goal.  banning guns wouldn't require money (though it would hurt businesses), allowing stem-cell research wouldn't cost money, keeping religion out of schools and public buildings would save money... The only really socially liberal thing I can think of that might cost money is enforcing environmental regulations.   So much of today's social programs do too, but all this is another debate.  Anyhow, I guess all I meant when I spoke about same-sex marriage and liberalism is that same-sex marriage is based in both liberal and conservative principles; though even if it were not, simply claiming something is "liberal" isn't enough explanation for why you disagree with it.   It is a political issue. Republicans generally oppose it - Democrat's generally favor it.    Yes, but there is no reason to suggest that marriage is any of the public's business. For example, if the public didn't want any brunettes marrying blondes, should the public be allowed to take away that right? What business is it of the public to take away that right? This is a private decision in every way I can think of, which aligns it perfectly with conservatism.   In addition to the church thing I described above, there is also the issue of what people want their very young children exposed too, whenever they go out in public. I know my saying that really sets some gay people off, but it's not really me saying it. I don't much care since I don't have children. But I know that's the way a lot of people who have children feel.    Well that's not a good reason! Taking away rights from an entire group of people because a lot of them are liberal is not justice; it is tyranny. It is an admission that you are taking away rights with someone simply because they have a different political viewpoint. It what dictators do to the people who disagree with them.   There you go with that "taking away" phrase again. You can't take away something that never existed.    Well, it was you who claimed that gay people were hatefully pointing fingers; I was only saying that it would be no more valid for me to claim that opponents of same-sex marriage are hatefully pointing fingers.   It wouldn't be too hard for anyone to go through this thread alone and count up the clear personal insults, and determine which side insults more. I'm not going to bother to take the time, but I think I know which side would win the personal insults, by about 5 to 1. You're the exception though - if you weren't here I wouldn't be involved in this thread.     Well, I would argue that it would be a victory for everyone, but as I've said, even if it could be shown that this is not a conservative value, simply being a victory for liberals does not indicate that it is a bad thing. In previous posts, I've shown harm coming to many people through banning same-sex marriage, while benefit coming to many through allowing it. Liberal or not, it is right.    Not at all; those people are perfectly entitled to get married to anyone they wish, should they choose to do so. The important part is that they are free to marry any person of their choosing, not a set of government-mandated people. As for tax burdens, well I don't recall mentioning that. The point of marriage is to reduce the tax burden on married couples, if I'm not mistaken. It is acceptable to argue that married couples should not recieve this additional tax relief because that puts the burden on unmarried people, but that is a different topic. All I'm arguing is that whatever rights we give to opposite-sex couples, we should give to same-sex couples as well.    Well, if we restrict some people from having what we have, then what we have may be special, but we're still bad people.    Well, take a look at the website of a real gay rights group, then: http://www.hrc.org/  Regardless, I fail to see how a gay rights group delivering a negative message against that which they see as wrong is a bad thing. You're doing it right now, I'm doing it right now... That's the way debating works.   It's a bad thing to me when they attack not only those who oppose gay marriage, but the entire Republican party. The Democratic party hasn't won enough major elections lately to be very comfortable. They're working on some complicated strategies behind closed doors these days. Gay marriage is very political.    Is there a big difference? I don't really see it. In a sense, we are still stripping people of the right to marry, we've just always been doing it. We are still just as wrong; well, more wrong since we've been doing it for a longer period of time.  There is a difference. If we seek to take something away, we have experience in how that something affected society in the past, and should have to clearly show why society would be better off without it. Redefining marriage would be a blind experiment. VERY difficult to clearly show how society would react to it - be better off WITH it. And more difficult to reverse if it turns out to be a bad decision.  With today's war on terror, and the global economy what it is, I think it's a bad time for social experiments.
Only if your "logic" is a false dilemma fallacy.  If a law is based on two primary attributes and you declare one arbitrary, what stops others from declaring the second one is arbitrary as well? What is fundamental about the number 2, that isn't fundamental about 1 man/1 woman? The logic is there whether you care to admit it or not. If you redefine marriage as "a union" without specifying gender, then who's to stop us from defining "union" as 2 or more consenting parties?
EXACTLY! It is my INDIVIDUAL decision to marry someone of the same sex. What business is it of yours? If single heterosexuals decides to remain single, that is their INDIVIDUAL decision, not mine, not yours. If homosexuals decision to remain single, that is their INDIVIDUAL decision. INDIVIDUAL heterosexual people have the right to marry someone of the opposite sex. What YOU promote is denying INDIVIDUAL homosexuals the right to marry someone of the same sex. I fail to see any logic in that.  Maybe it's a question of symantics. To most Christians, marriage is not only a legal contract, but a spiritual one. The spiritual marriage is the union of a husband and wife as taught by most churches. In the church, there is no "right" to marry someone of the same sex. While you may not agree with the teachings, there's nothing illogical in them.  I thought we had already put the fallacy of gay marriage costing society $$ to bed. Do we need to reitterate the aprox. +$1 Billion per year over the next ten years to the federal government's bottom line? That was a maximum possible effect, not "gospel." :)   I think that is really the point of your entire argument. You feel "special" and don't want to give that up.  He and 100+ million other "special" Americans. emoticon_rolleyes
I think it is more asking them to not deny other people rights based on their presonal moral or religious views.  How can you deny a right that never existed? emoticon_confused
It wouldn't be too hard for anyone to go through this thread alone and count up the clear personal insults, and determine which side insults more. I'm not going to bother to take the time, but I think I know which side would win the personal insults, by about 5 to 1. You're the exception though - if you weren't here I wouldn't be involved in this thread.  And that's probably part of the reason they do it--they know if they are rude enough they won't have to deal with you. I think in reality gay lobbyists here and elsewhere really don't want there to be a debate. They'd just as soon these forums not have to exist, and when they do as in this case, they sometimes don't seem to understand that it IS a debate forum and there will be other views, because they take it so personally. I understand they might take it personally, but if they go into a debate forum they should know that's the way it is. I think some are honestly in denial that a national debate is taking place and that many people don't see things their way.  It's a bad thing to me when they attack not only those who oppose gay marriage, but the entire Republican party. The Democratic party hasn't won enough major elections lately to be very comfortable. They're working on some complicated strategies behind closed doors these days. Gay marriage is very political.  Right now the Republican party is more "big tent" than the Democratic one. They allow people such as Schwarzenegger and Giulianni who are staunchly pro-choice, pro-stem cell research, etc. But do you know anyone who is welcome among Democrats who is staunchly pro-life? Or against gay rights? I think that is one reason the Republican party is becoming so much more successful in recent years--they've become the center. I don't agree with people like Schwarzenegger, but I'm glad to be in a party that can co-exist with other views. I can debate and disagree, but I still respect diversity.
And then there is the example of my niece who was home-schooled by my fundamentalist Christian brother and his wife to protect her from the "immoral" influence of public schools. When she finally passed her GED and started looking for a job, she have 2 job offers; one from a fast food resturant flipping burgers and the other one from a nursing home emptying bedpans.  I will not deny that some home-schooled children do exceedingly well and do outperform their public school counterparts. I think it depends on the ability of the parents and their motivation for doing so.  On a side note (yes, I know you consider this 'detracting' from the main issue), the same could be said for schools as well (in that there are cases where students go on and don't do so well afterwards), and that in such cases it depends on the ability of the teachers and administrators and their motivation for doing so.
I'm not so sure about that, because as I've said before, every argument against same-sex marriage is taken as a person insult by a gay person, and reasonably so.   No, not "reasonably" so. At least not in a forum designed and set up for the very purpose of debating the issue. That is what this forum is here for. If a person comes to debate, but can't debate a certain topic without getting offended as a rule by "every" argument, it's probably not to anyone's benefit for them to be here. Don't you think?  I'm not certain how representative these forums are in the first place. I am an extremely strong advocate of same-sex marriage, for example. Have I delivered any insults? I hope not, and I will readily apologize for any that I have.  Good point, and in fact you have been the most civil person here that I've seen, perhaps on both sides of the issue. On this I agree with JP, and I thank you for that.
Circa 1860: non-slavery   Freedom from slavery was GRANTED.  Circa 1900: women's right to vote   Women's right to vote was GRANTED  Circa 1960: black's right to equal empolyment opportunities, equal housing opportunities, equal access to public education   They had those things GRANTED - they had never had them before.   Circa 2005: the right to same-sex marriage  If you get that, it will be GRANTED, it won't be something you used to have that was TAKEN AWAY, and restored.  My point was that he makes gay people sound more oppresed than they really are by implying that something has been TAKEN AWAY from them, which it has not. They are seeking to be GRANTED something new.
Freedom from slavery was GRANTED.    Women's right to vote was GRANTED    They had those things GRANTED - they had never had them before.     If you get that, it will be GRANTED, it won't be something you used to have that was TAKEN AWAY, and restored.  My point was that he makes gay people sound more oppresed than they really are by implying that something has been TAKEN AWAY from them, which it has not. They are seeking to be GRANTED something new.  We once had all these rights in the olden days of anarchy. We created government to protect them, but a while back the conservative nuts took them away.
... They have even gone so far as to introduce H.R. 3313 which would bar any federal court from ruling on the constitutionality of the DOMA. This itself seems to be unconstitutional; the legislative branch barring the judical branch from doing it's constitutional job?  That's the legislature's function, to make laws. It's the SCOTUS's job to make sure that they're constitutional, only.
..... That holds true for the churches that accept same-sex marriage. Guess you have to put up with them as much as I have to put up with those which don't.  Sucks, doesn't it?  Not at all. With "in your face" types pushing for gay marriage, we're almost guaranteed a constitutional amendment to counter your cockiness. emoticon_rolleyes
Will the same not happen if the opposite side wins? The decision to recognize same-sex marriage is that of the church. The decision on who an individual should be allowed to marry must be that of the individual. Simply because some people might ask churches to change their ways does not change an individual decision into one that anyone in society can shove themselves into.   The opposite side isn't seeking a "win". They are merely trying to keep things as they are.    But do you think the same couldn't be said about those groups that oppose same-sex marriage? It certainly could. Remember that banning same-sex marriage won't make those groups go away either. It is best to give equal rights to people and oppose them when they go to far. It is wrong to oppose equality assuming that people will go too far if they are given it.   I don't see groups who oppose same sex marriage as having an agenda to take away any freedoms that gay people currently have. If there are, they would be a small minority, and I'd oppose them.     I don't doubt that many individuals are intelligent and informed on education, in fact that is exactly what I was arguing. I do doubt that the majority of society is intelligent. Try educating a child doing only what the majority of society thinks is best. It'll go in completely opposite directions, its opinions will change with the wind, and its conclusions will be meaningless. I do believe that a well-informed individual is often much more capable of making good decisions; home-education is a fine example of this.   Some decisions concerning freedoms are made by the public, and some are made by the individual - they are not up for a public vote. Determining which is which is always debatable. The constitution is interpreted in different ways by different people, concerning individual liberty.    Well, government studies which suggested that same-sex marriage would save one billion dollars in taxpayer money each year. I don't know what more evidence you need than that. Furthermore, I don't see how gay rights groups continuing with their agenda will cause any more financial burden than anti-gay rights groups continuing with their own agenda.   I can see gay rights groups seeking reparations, IF our society admits that we have "wronged" them for several past decades. They would have a far better case than blacks who seek reparations for slavery. I'm not saying "gay reparations" would make more sense than "slavery reparations", I'm saying that a new LAW, concerning recent years rather than a whole 150+ years ago, would have better legal standing.  What financial burden could anti-gay groups impose on us if we LEAVE THINGS ALONE??    I'd disagree. I doubt many liberals support publically-funded abortion. You may meet some extreme person who does, but you are just as likely to meet an extreme conservative who supports an equal number of absurd things. Generalizing such a position across liberalism is misrepresentative.   They don't say it too loudly since they've tested the waters and see that it doesn't have enough support YET, but todays liberals (today's Democrat party) really does support government health care. Combine that with their solid "pro-choice" stance, and there's no question that publically funded abortion is in their dreams.    Agreed about it being another debate, however I think what you are referring to social programs is not what people mean when they call themselves "socially liberal". You'll see what I mean below.   It may not be what they mean, but it's what they support - whether they realize it or not.    True, but Republicans are a party while "conservative" is a political belief system. Lots of people consider themselves conservative but not Republican.   They sure do "consider" themselves conservatives, but they're wrong. :)     Well, if you get angry about gay people forcing their views upon churches, then that's great. But that isn't happening here. You are advocating society forcing its views upon the individual. If the church situation happens, feel free to oppose it. But that isn't what is happening, and that isn't what the debate is. You are in support of society forcing its views of who one should marry upon the individual. Don't do exactly what it is that you hate so much; don't allow people to force their views upon others.  As for what their children are exposed to, I can understand that, except that allowing same-sex marriage doesn't really expose children to anything. Of course I could use the same argument against opposite-sex marriage, except that opposite-sex marriage really doesn't expose children to anything. Without marriage, there will still be public kissing and holding hands by gay people, just as the same will be true of straight people. We are speaking only about legal recognition and the benefits that come with it.   We have to agree to disagree if a new gay marriage law is a personal right, or if it is a public decision. I think it's a public decision because the public has a right to use their knowledge of history and human nature to determine if it may negatively affect our society.    I don't know, I think you can. I think if someone reaches for something that he does not yet have, and you keep him from getting it, you are bascially taking that thing away from him. But if it pleases you, replace "taking away" with "keeping away" or whatever other phrase you believe is more correct. I don't really care; my argument is exactly the same. Nitpicking my word choice does not affect that in this situation.   As I said to the other poster, you make yourself sound more oppressed by making it seem like you are having something taken away, rather than not being granted something new, which is what the gay marriage controversy is.    I'm not so sure about that, because as I've said before, every argument against same-sex marriage is taken as a person insult by a gay person, and reasonably so. It all depends on your point of view. Beyond that, I'm not certain how representative these forums are in the first place. I am an extremely strong advocate of same-sex marriage, for example. Have I delivered any insults? I hope not, and I will readily apologize for any that I have.   I don't think it's reasonalbe for them to take it personally. Did an earlier generation or two take it so personally? They seemed to accept it. What's different about today's generation?  You have nothing to apologize to me for.     I wouldn't worry much about the comfort level of the Democratic party, but I would worry about throwing stones in glass houses. Do not conservative radio show hosts who attack the entire Democratic party each time they come across a single issue they disagree with? How many other conservatives do this, do you think? Even you have made some general statements about what "liberals" want and what they believe in. You said that liberals want the government to pay for abortion, which is not very representative, for example. I'm sure I've done the same thing at times. We are all guilty of this; we just don't tend to notice it when someone we agree with is saying it.   I'm worried about what the Democratic party is up too - they're desperate. I'm afraid their strategies concern something besides moving closer to conservative principles. Liberal talk radio just entered my area in a big way. Private enterprise, or DNC funded? Just a little attacking going on there too. But I'm listening - I'm impressed - they've done their homework.      I do believe that if we are to remove something, we must show how society would be better off without it, and I believe the same holds true today. I believe that long ago we removed something without offering that evidence, and I believe that it's time to come clean and admit that we removed something inappropriately.  You're right, same-sex marriage has not had a true test anywhere yet, but if we are never going to give it that test, then we are doomed to refuse equality and happiness to people any time we've never tried it in the past. It is our responsibility as a society to try to achieve equality, freedom, and happiness for everyone, and we must not pass up the opportunity to do so simply because it has not been tried before.  Also, we aren't exactly going in blindly here. I've offered many benefits to both gays and society that same-sex marriage will bring with it, and any drawbacks to it seem improbable and avoidable. We are going into this never having tried it before but having strong theory backing up our decision.    It may be best to try these things in a great economy, but I'd rather implement them as soon as possible so that as few people are not denied these rights as possible. But besides that, I would not argue with pushing off the date of legalizing same-sex marriage provided that it is agreed that it is morally correct to do so as soon as we reenter prosperous times.  It's about time for us to agree to disagree, but I've enjoyed it. You're a good debater - hope you'll stay around!
..... And really, isn't that what it is all about? Your fear of losing your "special" status? emoticon_rolleyes  As "special" as being one of over 100Million makes me. emoticon_rolleyes
Several people here have argued (some without disclosing their reasoning behind their argument) that same-sex marriage is not a right, that such a right has never existed, and and therefore is not being taken away or denied.  I would argue that it IS a right guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution (including the ammendments there-to) and has ALWAYS been there. It is a "basic civil right" that is being excluded to a class of citizens.  The issue here is that the govt. gives certain benefits to people it considers part of a married couple. Marriage itself, as far as the institution, can't be regulated. You can get married in the sense that you can make a ceremonial commitment to another person anytime you want. Of COURSE that's your right. But it's a whole other matter to argue that it's your right to get the benefits given to straight married couples simply by laxing the definition and standard of what constitutes a marriage.  Because inevitably others are going to step in and want these benefits as well, perhaps groups further down the road even if we DO give them to gay couples, Dzeron's view of completely privatizing marriage may not be a bad idea. Otherwise we are probably eventually going to have no way to really oversee the matter of assigning benefits because the standards for them will be so lax and open-ended.  I hope there are enough people in our counrty that find it absolutely outrageous and abhorant to misuse use the Constitution as a tool,   You are trying to use it as tool right now, out of your own prejudices, and your form of morality.
Then what do you consider the regulations in most (if not all) states requiring a marriage license, a blood test, and who may and may not perform a legally recognized marriage? Are these not regulations covering marriage? Wheter they are constitutionally correct regulations or not is a different issue.  These are there for the sake of applying marriage [i[benefits.[/i] They aren't there to prevent or allow you to have a ceremonial commitment (marriage) to any partner you want.  What is being presented here is an argument supporting the right of two individual, consenting adults, regardless of sexual orientation, to marry and enjoy the benefits thereof. I feel sure (personal opinion, not fact), that any challenge brought before the Supreme Court, based on the Constitution as now written, would likewise be limited in scope in such a manner.   They probably felt the same way before this new Consitutional interpretation of yours got put out there to broaden to 'consenting adults' instead of a "man and woman." But alas, they were wrong then, and you're probably wrong that won't get broadened even further, if the concept of precedent means anything.  Supposition on your part. If the lesialative branch is smart enough to come up with the tax code as it is today, I am sure (personal opinion, not fact) they can figure it out.  If the tax code is supposed to be a shining example of what the legislative branch can accomplish, we're all in touble. :)   Excuse me, but I did neither write nor ratify the Constitution as it stands today, nor am I arguing a change to it. If asking that the Constitution be applied and enforced as written is prejudicial, then I must be. It is YOUR imposition of YOUR perception of morality that is at issue.  Your's is a position of constitutional interpretation, not given fact. If SCOTUS ever proves your premise that gay marriage is constitutional you'll have a leg to stand on. This hasn't happened yet and your premise is unfounded.   The defacto standard right now is that marriage is an opposite-gender matter. Therefore you are in fact trying to enact change, so it is you who is trying to use the Constitution as a tool here for change, based on your own prejudices and moral views.
On what basis do you hold the position that there are merely for "the sake of applying marriage [i[benefits.[/i]"? For example, how would "who" performed the ceremony relate to the application of marriage benefits?  My point is that you aren't banned from getting married. Have your gay marriage ceremony and commit to someone anytime you want. You are just not allowed the benefits for marriage unless it's a male/female marriage.  If you have an argument you wish to present showing another interpretation of the Constitution, AS WRITTEN, to support your position, then by all means, please do so. So far, all you have done is attack my position. I also note your generous usage of the word "probably", which indicates to me that your position is based on supposition.   It's your burden of proof to do so, as it is you seeking to enact change. So far, all you've presented is a "because I say so" sort of argument.  Granted. But at least I offer a position of constitutional interpretation to support my agrument. You have not. It is difficult to argue against your position when you have yet to present your reasoning.  I don't have to. I'm not the one trying to enact change.  Are you arguing that some arbitrary "defacto standard" outweighs the Constitution as written?  I'm pointing out that the constitution doesn't say yea or nea on whether or not marriage is gay people so we can probably assume the founding fathers didn't have that in mind when they drafted it. (surely you don't think they were thinking in terms of gay marriage at the time.) In fact the constitution doesn't deal with marriage at all, so I don't see how you can even make a Constitutional argument for gay marriage.  Please explain to me how my prejudices and moral views on same-sex marriage would would infringe in any way on any right you have under the Constitution.   I didn't say that it would. That doesn't have to be my basis for opposing your attempts to lax marriage standards in this country.  Your prejudices and moral views deny me over 1,000 different federal rights and benefits you currently enjoy.  Yes, just like my prejudices "deny" such benefits to lots of arrangements: polygamy, incest marriages, etc.
I have offered my proof in the Constitution as written, not "because I say so". As I said before, I didn't write the Constitution. You have offered no challenge to what I have presented BASED ON THE CONSTITUTION.   But you haven't even really brought a constitutional argument at all.  For at least the third time, I will repeat again; I am not seeking to change the Constitution.  Neither am I; I don't have to because the constitution doesn't doesn't give the govt. the power to give benefits to any group that seeks them for any reason.  I agree. But as I have pointed out, the Constitution DOES say that if it is not prohibited, it is allowed.  The constitution doesn't specify many things that we don't allow. Our law isn't based just on the constitution.   Please exclude me from your "we". You again use the word "probably" and throw in the word "assume" for good measure. I do not presume to know what the founding fathers had in mind. You evidently do. Do you presume they had women's right to vote in mind when they drafted it? I perfer not to assume. I perfer to let SCOTUS do it's job.   Unless they rule against you, huh?  There's nothing wrong with assuming or wondering what the founding fathers meant.  Then I will ask you yet again; what IS your basis?  I oppose your efforts because I don't want to see marriage as an institution laxed everytime someone wants to get on what they think is a 'gravy train' of benefits. It's not something to cheapen and turn into something like that. It's not social security or fringe benefits. It's marriage, and it's not yours to twist into anything you want to make it.  Maybe we should privatize marriage and get the govt. out of it altogether.  emoticon_rolleyes Sigh emoticon_rolleyes Here we go yet again, jyoshu attempts to deflect from the subject at hand by trying to introduce inane, nonrelevent issues that I have already specifically said were seperate issues. jyoshu, if you wish to discuss polygamy and incest marriage, please take it to a thread in a different forum. They don't belong here.  Come on, you know that precedent is often taken into account on legal issues. They aren't separate issues because they all deal with a laxing of the marriage standard in this country.
Several people here have argued (some without disclosing their reasoning behind their argument) that same-sex marriage is not a right, that such a right has never existed, and and therefore is not being taken away or denied.  I would argue that it IS a right guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution (including the ammendments there-to) and has ALWAYS been there. It is a "basic civil right" that is being excluded to a class of citizens.  I refer you to the thread "Constitutional Debate on Gay Marriage"; Posts #24, #25, and #26 for the reasoning behind my argument.  As a summary, any right not specifically barred or limited by the Constitution is granted to the people. The Constitution, as it stands now, does not mention marriage at all.   I just looked at your post #24 from the other thread that you referred to. When you quote the "granted to the people" statement of the 10th amendment, you seem to imply that they meant ~granted to the individual~. I believe they meant mostly, if not always, granted to the people COLLECTIVELY. Either by a vote, or by general voting habits of the people and their represenatives. It's clear that public opinion today does not support gay marriage.
Our self-righteousness seems to seek out those circumstances. Our standing president used a threat of unconstitutional federal legislation banning same-sex marriage as a reelection tool.  Do you think the social experiment of gay marriage is a good idea in these economic times?
 I'm not so sure about that; I'd say that decisions concerning freedoms that could be harmful to society should be decided by officials elected by the public, not by a majority vote. Those people are able to more clearly evaluate harms caused to the minority as compared to overall harm. However in order for it to even come to that, it must be shown that there is some harm caused by the action in question. If an individual's actions and decisions cause no one harm, then the decision over whether or not to do them should be left up to the individual, not up to society. That is why I call this a restriction on freedom, and I do not believe that there has been much evidence illustrating any harm caused by same-sex marriage.   Just about anything can be determined by anybody to be harmful to society, whether it's something children can see, or environmental harm done on private property, or so many other things in between. It's all politics, and constitutional interpretation.    Well whether our society admits that or not, it does not make sense to respond to inequality with inequality. There should be no reparations, and I think our society will see to it that there are none. If you have a problem with reparations, I urge you to speak out against reparations. But don't speak out against marriage if you have a problem with reparations. Don't use fear of what may never happen as a reason to deny others the same rights that you have.   I'm speaking out against reparations, by not supporting SETTING THE TABLE for someone to seek them. Our legal system currently (wrongly) allows a lot of time and money to be wasted seeking them.    Well, that depends on how you define "us". If you are referring to the population as a whole, then the financial burdens are put on the same-sex couples who are trying to start a family, though those burdens are not present for opposite-sex couples. Beyond that, if allowing same-sex marriage to pass saves taxpayers 1 billion dollars each year, then opposing same-sex marriage is effectively costing taxpayers 1 billion dollars each year.   I was referring to the population as a whole. I don't believe the 1 billion dollar figure was arrived at by a non biased study.    I believe that you are taking the stance held by a few people and making the claim that it isn't just a few people who believe these things, it is all Democrats. You are generalizing the extremes across the entire politcal ideal. Furthermore, I think it would have to be only the most rare and most extreme percentage of Democrats who support government-funded health care that also believe abortion should be covered. I do not know where you get these ideas from, but I hope you will tell me. Are you certain you are not mistakening generalizing the views held by a few extreme people across an entire political party? Wouldn't the party platform give you a better idea of their political stance?   I get these ideas from Democrat LEADERSHIP. Terry McCaulliff (spelling?) Hillary Clinton (she called for the elimination of the Electorial College) John Kerry ("health care is a RIGHT") Countless "Democrat strategists" debating on television. They are authorized by Democrat leadership. I do know of a couple Democrats past & present who aren't so extreme left. John F. Kennedy would be one from the past - Zell Miller would be one from the present.    Sorry; you wrote this in response to that socially liberal thing. I wrote that I would explain below, but I don't think I ever actually did! So here goes: People who claim to be socially liberal generally are pro-choice, supportive of gay rights, in support of environmental protections, in opposition to war, and supportive of stem-cell research. They are not generally referring to "social programs" such as welfare, government health care, etc. Those are more fiscal issues.    Heh, well I think they consider themselves "Reagan-conservatives" in that they support limited government spending and limited government interference in people's lives. Republicans today are "neo-conservatives" aren't they? Anyhow, it doesn't even matter; I think I was just trying to point out that the lines between liberalism and conservatism may not be as clear as Democrat vs. Republican, and though many people may hold conservative values enough to vote for a Republican, they might not hold all the same views.   They often want it both ways. They want to support a benefit of one side, yet not support the cost. Or they support the cost if they feel it doesn't cost THEMSELVES.      Also, you used the term "yourself". Though this isn't too relevant, I have deliberately kept my sexual orientation out of these debates, because I feel that if I say I am straight, anyone could easily claim that I do not know the true intentions of gays. If I say that I am gay, anyone could easily claim that I am supporting gay rights only out of self-interest. So I have made neither statement.   I wasn't attempting to label you, I was just used the word "yourself" in making the argument. I'm not concerned which you are, and I know that you're not necessarily gay. I support smokers rights, but I don't smoke.    Though their voices may not have carried; I'm willing to bet that an earlier generation did take it very personally. Today's generation has more support and people who will listen. I should also mention that I think there is just as high a percentage of civil gay rights supporters as there are civil gay rights opposers, but forums and debate groups tend to draw those who feel the need to defend themselves more than those who do not wish to insult.   I don't think earlier generations had gay marriage on their minds at all. If they took anything personally, it was that others didn't approve and accept them. I'd bet it's the same with gay marriage seekers today. You can't tell people how to feel. Getting gay marriage legalized isn't going to change how those who oppose it feel about it. In some ways, gays will become more oppressed if gay marriage is made legal.     I am glad to hear that; you have also done extremely well in keeping this discussion civil, and I thank you for that.    Well, I'm just curious on this (I cannot use it to claim your arguments invalid): I've mentioned conservative talk radio a few times; are you a listener to Rush or Sean Hannity? I can't really see any evidence that the Democratic party is desperate about anything, but I know I've heard those two radio hosts bringing up some obscure examples of single Democrats saying something absurd, then using that as evidence to call the Democratic party "desperate". I see no evidence that the party is doing anything different than it has always done, nor anything really different from the Republican party when we had a Democrat president. So, well, maybe I should have asked: is this idea that the Democrats are desperate rooted in radio show listening, or elsewhere? Why would you say they are desperate?  They don't have control of the House, Senate, or Presidency, and they've been losing governorships. They are about to replace their DNC leader. They have not been successful lately, and they seek success. They aren't going to do it by admitting they've been wrong, or too extreme.   Yes, I listen to Limbaugh and Hannity, off and on. I listen while working, and miss a lot of it.    As for liberal talk radio, I've only listened to it a few times, but what I've heard hasn't been much better than conservative talk radio. Their arguments were often weak compared to the stronger arguments around, they made unjust attacks on conservatives, and they generalized views of a single conservative across the entire party. But they pull you in by talking to opponents who don't know the argument very well or by presenting some absurd fact as the belief of the opposite party. Of course, I believe conservative talk radio has the same problems.  Well, maybe I shouldn't be generalizing the subject; this has only been my experience with it.  Anyhow, I'd have to guess liberal radio is funded by advertisements, because it isn't using the same arguments that the party would use; it's using extreme arguments designed to perpetuate listeners. I suppose it would make sense for the DNC to want to respond to conservative, but I don't really think either side responds to the real arguments delivered by their opponents.    Well, I cannot say that I will agree to disagree. Please understand where I'm coming from; it is my opinion that your viewpoint is harming a lot of people, and in my opinion, this debate is one of the most important debates our society will be faced with in my lifetime. So should I see the opportunity to present my side of the argument to you, I will probably take it; it would be unfair of me to agree to disagree if I plan on responding to arguments you might deliver in the future.  Still, it can be tedious to have to type out these long responses, and I understand that no one wants to keep going back and forth forever. So I've got no problem if we close up our little back and forth discussion that we're having right now.   The reason I said it may be time to agree to disagree is because we're getting to the point where we're saying the same things over and over. I think your viewpoint is harmful, mainly because it has too many unforseen consequences.   As for me being a good debater, well thanks! You're pretty good yourself. I'll probably stick around; I've still got plenty of people to debate here if you decide to finish this one up.  I'll be here - good Lord willing and the computer don't break! emoticon_xclown
Our self-righteousness seems to seek out those circumstances. Our standing president used a threat of unconstitutional federal legislation banning same-sex marriage as a reelection tool.  How can a new Constitutional Amendment be deemed unconstitutional? emoticon_confused
...  I am not sure if the issue of "of the people" has been definatively resolved by the Supreme Court in this case either. I know many people argue that it means the individual state's right to maintain a militia (ie: National Guard). Others argue that it pertains to an individual's right to own firearms.  Those who claim that the Second applies to the National Guard has no concept of the Constitution and the times it was written. There was no such thing as a National Guard and "militia" was basically any male who could carry and shoot a gun. emoticon_rolleyes
How can a new Constitutional Amendment be deemed unconstitutional? emoticon_confused  Maybe if it conflicts with another amendment.
The later one supersedes the earlier one.  Right. #21 supersedes #18, and I'm glad for that.  However, I don't want anything superseding #14.
..... Well, they don't believe they've been wrong or too extreme, and neither do I. Getting 49% of the vote against an incumbent president is very impressive. Many of the congressional seats they lost were caused by redistricting. Beyond that, moving away from the opinion held by the majority of the public does not make one wrong, and it is not a reason to change good beliefs into bad ones. I've heard people claim that gay rights played a factor in the loss of the presidential election, and though I don't know whether or not that is true, I can say that I would sooner not be elected president than take a stance that gays do not deserve the same rights that others have. I'd imagine most democrats feel the same way on the issues that are important to them.  If you don't think that the DNC is losing the American public because of its radicalism, then I guess denial is more than just a river in Africa. There are now more registered Republicans than Democrats, an unusual event. An incumbent president's party picked up seats in the House and Senate (no gerymandering in the Senate Districts can account for the losses, BTW). Republicans picked up governorships as well. This is unprecedented. Liberalism is dead. If the President gets Tort, SS and Tax reforms passed, the Democratic Party will be buried so deeply that the Libertarians will look formidable to them. emoticon_rolleyes
Or if it conflicts with the original Bill of Rights.  It doesn't matter even if it conflicts with the Bill of Rights. If a new Amendment gets passed today, it is bulletproof. The Supreme Court will have no means by which to judge it unconstitutional because it would represent the latest Constitutionally-instituted law. The only way to make it null and void would be to pass an ever newer amendment that says the opposite, as in Prohibition and its repeal.
There have been attempts, some successful, to make pension rights and other financial instruments retroactively available to same-sex couples and to the surviving children of non-biological co-parents. There has also been talk of expunging all the unfounded and unfair prosecutions of gay people -- far too little talk of it, if you ask me.  I don't see either of these as "reparations", but some people might.  I should point out that in none of the cases of which I am aware, has anyone asked for anything that wouldn't have been due them had the government not restricted their rights.  I keep hearing these ficticuious revisionist claims that the government has restricted gays' rights. You had no right to marry a member of the same sex, you DID have the same right as anyone else to marry a member of the opposite sex.  Maybe we should explore the legal question a little deeper; there's far too much misconception about what the law does and doesn't say on the topic. Would someone like to start with the basics, such as: 1. 10th Amendment argument- pro/con 2. 14th Amendment argument - pro/con 3. Loving V VA 4. Others?
and prior to the definition of: man and woman, the definition was   1. A man and his concubines 2. A gentry and a gentry 3. A poor and a poor 4. A white and a white etc  The definition of marriage shifts for whatever political-social agenda some group has.  Marriage should be neutral. A government approved instituation between/among concenting individuals.  How many consenting individuals? That's also a topic for debate here.
There is no Constitutional basis for the argument that marriage is "one man / one woman". It simply is not there! If there is, let them show it.  The idea that marriage could mean anything BUT the union of one man and one woman wasn't considered until relatively recently, so it's not surprising that it wasn't specifically spelled out in the Constitution. But, that being said, Congress has addressed the definition of marriage since as have many states.    Congress of the United States House of Representatives  SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS  DEFENSE OF MARRIAGE ACT AS INTRODUCED ON MAY 7, 1996  BY REPS. BOB BARR (GA), STEVE LARGENT (OK), JIM SENSENBRENNER (WI), SUE  MYRICK (NC), ED BRYANT (TN), BILL EMERSON (MO), HAROLD VOLKMER (MO), IKE  SKELTON (MO)  The Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) does two things. First, it provides  that no State shall be required to give effect to a law of any other  State with respect to a same-sex "marriage." Second, it defines the  words "marriage" and "spouse" for purposes of Federal law. ... The second substantive section of the bill amends the U.S. Code to make  explicit what has been understood under federal law for over 200 years;  that a marriage is the legal union of a man and a woman as husband and  wife, and a spouse is a husband or wife of the opposite sex. The DOMA  definition of marriage is derived most immediately from a Washington  state case from 1974, Singer v. Hara, which is included in the 1990  edition of Black's Law Dictionary. More than a century ago, the U.S.  Supreme Court spoke of the "union for life of one man and one woman in  the holy estate of matrimony." Murphy v. Ramsey, 114 U.S. 15, 45  (1985).  DOMA is not meant to affect the definition of "spouse" (which under the  Social Security law, for example, runs to dozens of lines). It ensures  that whatever definition of "spouse" may be used in Federal law, the  word refers only to a person of the opposite sex. ------  104th CONGRESS 2D SESSION  H.R. 3396    Same-sex marriages are not currently legal in any state. However, in April 2000, Vermont approved landmark legislation to recognize "civil unions" between same-sex couples, granting them virtually all the benefits, protections and responsibilities that married couples have under Vermont law. The Vermont legislation came out of a December 1999 state Supreme Court ruling in Baker v. Vermont that said same-sex couples are entitled, under the state constitution's "Common Benefits Clause," to the same benefits and protections as married opposite-sex couples. The court ruled that the Vermont Legislature must decide how to provide these benefits and protections, either by legalizing marriage for same-sex couples or by establishing an alternative system.  The Vermont Legislature chose to preserve marriage as the "legally recognized union of one man and one woman," but at the same time create a parallel system for same-sex couples that goes beyond existing "domestic partnership" and "reciprocal beneficiaries" laws that exist in California and Hawaii and in many localities in the U.S. today. Additional news and information about the Vermont law is available at the Vermont Legislature's website.  Thirty-six states have enacted legislation prohibiting same-sex marriages or the recognition of same-sex marriages formed in another jurisdiction. States have traditionally recognized marriages solemnized in other states, even those that go against the marriage laws of that particular state. Under the full faith and credit clause of the U.S. Constitution, states are generally required to recognize and honor the public laws of other states, unless those laws are contrary to a strong public policy of that state. But in 1996, Congress enacted the Defense of Marriage Act, which bars federal recognition of same-sex marriages and allows states to do the same.  However, gay rights groups are questioning the constitutionality of DOMA and state prohibitions on same-sex marriage. Couples from other states who are granted a civil union in Vermont may file legal challenges to press for recognition of their relationship in their home state.  A 1993 Hawaii Supreme Court decision set off the movement in many states to prohibit the recognition of same-sex marriages regardless of where they were formed. In the Hawaii case, three same-gender couples filed suit against the state of Hawaii, citing as unconstitutional the state's marriage law prohibiting same gender couples from obtaining marriage licenses. The Hawaii Supreme Court ruled that the marriage law denies same-gender couples equal protection rights in violation of the Hawaii Constitution, and placed the burden on the state to show that the law against same-sex marriages was justified.  The Hawaii Legislature in 1994 amended the state's marriage law to provide that only marriages between a man and a woman are valid. And in November 1998, Hawaii citizens voted to give the state legislature the power to decide the same-sex marriage issue. In December 1999, the Hawaii Supreme Court ruled that the 1998 amendment ratified by the voters of Hawaii rendered the plaintiff's argument moot, with the result that same-sex marriage remains illegal in Hawaii. http://usmarriagelaws.com/search/alternative_lifestyles/same_sex_marriage/index.shtml
Actually, it was just ruled upon in a case brought by some gay couples, married in the state of Massachusetts but resident in Florida.   DOMA was upheld.   Clearly, that's just one step in the march to the SCOTUS. With any luck, the idiot lawyer handling this case will stop where he is. He's one of those "maverick" types. He never should have filed the suit.  If the lawsuit makes it to the SCOTUS, it will go down in flames. Chances are that they wouldn't even hear it, though. It's may be deemed too controversial for them to take at this time. Either way, DOMA will be upheld.  If you want the law changed, you're going to have to earn it. The backdoor via a liberal judge won't cut it this time. The only way is the front door.
If the lawsuit makes it to the SCOTUS, it will go down in flames. Chances are that they wouldn't even hear it, though. It's may be deemed too controversial for them to take at this time. Either way, DOMA will be upheld.  If you want the law changed, you're going to have to earn it. The backdoor via a liberal judge won't cut it this time. The only way is the front door.  While I agree that a challenge to DOMA would be unconstitutional, let's not assume SCOTUS wouldn't take it on. They've proven numerous times that they are willing to take on cases that are deemed controversial.
[QUOTE=BobNelson2]This particular one, formulated the way it is, might well fail. That's why I hope the stupid attorney stops where he is. [/quot] I'm not familiar with that lawsuit, is there a summary of th claims somewhere on the internet?  Where do you get this bizarre idea that the Court shies away from "controversial" issues? From the Court itself.  JOHN GEDDES LAWRENCE and TYRON GARNER, PETITIONERS v. TEXAS on writ of certiorari to the court of appeals of texas, fourteenth district [June 26, 2003] Justice Scalia, with whom The Chief Justice and Justice Thomas join, dissenting. ..... I begin with the Court's surprising readiness to reconsider a decision rendered a mere 17 years ago in Bowers v. Hardwick. I do not myself believe in rigid adherence to stare decisis in constitutional cases; but I do believe that we should be consistent rather than manipulative in invoking the doctrine. Today's opinions in support of reversal do not bother to distinguish--or indeed, even bother to mention--the paean to stare decisis coauthored by three Members of today's majority in Planned Parenthood v. Casey. There, when stare decisis meant preservation of judicially invented abortion rights, the widespread criticism of Roe was strong reason to reaffirm it:  " Where, in the performance of its judicial duties, the Court decides a case in such a way as to resolve the sort of intensely divisive controversy reflected in Roe[,] ... its decision has a dimension that the resolution of the normal case does not carry... . [T]o overrule under fire in the absence of the most compelling reason ... would subvert the Court's legitimacy beyond any serious question." 505 U. S., at 866-867. http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/scripts/getcase.pl?court=US&vol=000&invol=02-102#dissent1  Ooooo... that's a persuasive legal argument. I'm impressed (not).  Sarcasm, I'm shocked. emoticon_rolleyes   Gay people have been "earning it" for over 100 years. In the short-term, we may suffer setbacks, in the long-term, there's no stopping us. With that attitude, I'd say "want to bet?" :)   Another unsubstantiated POV that also happens to be untrue. No matter how many times the ditto-heads on the right say it, it remains a fact that the state supreme courts that have recognized the right of same-sex to marry have been dominated by moderate and conservative, Republican-appointed judges. Of course, they're part of the fading breed of conservatives... the ones who believe in individual rights and freedom. The activist liberal judges that I was referring to don't sit on te Supreme Courts. They are the ones illegally marrying same sex couples in Oregon, for example. http://24.104.4.225/Content/Public/Articles/000/000/004/353vxunf.asp  As far as state suprme courts recognizing the rights of gays to marry, they have been as rare as hen's teeth in comparison to those ruling to the contrary or not addressing the issue at all. emoticon_rolleyes
For example????  2000 election, Roe v Wade, Loving Versus Virginia, etc.  Scotus is no stranger to controversial cases.
 Four or five state supreme courts have already upheld the idea that same-sex marriage is a constitutional right (based on their state constitutions which largely mimic the federal one). The SCOTUS has already hinted/threatened that it might be compelled by logic and precedence to take the same position (thank you, Justice Scalia!).   The President buys the argument.   The GOP buys the argument.  Yep, it's what's known as a loophole: gay couples trying to use the constitution to get in on the benefits guaranteed to a men and a women together, and they're doing it based on the fact that the constitution doesn't specifically forbid other arrangements of "marriage" (even though anyone in his right mind knows that marriage was never thought of to be something for men and men to do together, or women and women, one man with 4 wives, or any other kind of anything-goes arrangement.)  FMA is designed to close a loophole that wouldn't have been a problem if gay pride people weren't trying to misuse the Constitution.
Do you even read your own posts? You're supposed to give me examples supporting JP's contention that the SCOTUS avoids controversial issues.  If you thought I was agreeing with JPSarte on that, apparently YOU have a problem reading my posts.  My original statement on the matter: "let's not assume SCOTUS wouldn't take it on. They've proven numerous times that they are willing to take on cases that are deemed controversial." (read carefully now)
Gay pride people? Anyhow, I think it would be difficult to make the claim that "equal protection under the law" does not or should not apply to same-sex couples, which indicates that this is not a loophole but a usage of the Ammendment for its intended purpose.  Regardless, I think that this entire conversation has taken a turn in the wrong direction; it seems to easy to bait ourselves into Constitutional discussions as though such a discussion actually resolves anything. Let me ask this: does the Constitution determine whether something is morally right or wrong? Do the Supreme Courts? They certainly do not. The Supreme Courts could declare that murder is legal, and the Constitution could protect murder, but that would never make murder morally right. I would gladly support a law which bans murder, even if that law violates the Constitution, and I would gladly support using loopholes, trickery, bribery, lies, foolery, blasphemy or any other method necessary to get that ban on murder passed.  The wording of the Constitution and the rulings of Supreme courts will never be a real reason to support or oppose same-sex marriage, and if this thread is to answer the question of why we support or oppose same-sex marriage, discussing the Constitution and court rulings are not sufficient.   I agree that the Constitution shouldn't be used as a tool to manipulate laws in ways that they were never intended. Our forefathers never intended the Constitution to be used to support gay marriage. The concept was foreign to them and foreign to us up until this generation. That being said, I see no reason to redefine marriage as anything but one man, one woman. I would consider entertaining the concept of same sex civil unions with equal rights and protections, but calling it marriage would still be a show-stopper to me.
Do you even read your own posts? You're supposed to give me examples supporting JP's contention that the SCOTUS avoids controversial issues.  As I posted above, the SCOTUS has to weigh whether the risk of them taking a contraversial case outweighs the potential consequences.  Again, here's the essence of the Court's hessitancy. Justice Scalia wrote:  " Where, in the performance of its judicial duties, the Court decides a case in such a way as to resolve the sort of intensely divisive controversy reflected in Roe[,] ... its decision has a dimension that the resolution of the normal case does not carry... . [T]o overrule under fire in the absence of the most compelling reason ... would subvert the Court's legitimacy beyond any serious question."505 U. S., at 866-867. http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/scrip...02-102#dissent1   In layman's terms, he's saying that there must be a strong compelling reason to take on a highly controversial case.
Do you suppose the forefathers that authored the Constitution foresaw the end of slavery? Do you suppose they foresaw women's right to vote (something reserved strictly for men in the original Constitution)? Do you suppose they foresaw black civil rights? Do you suppose they foresaw inter-racial marriage? Do you suppose they foresaw Roe vs. Wade? There are many other examples.  All of these issues are separate ones that had (and still do have) to be argued on their own merits.  - Women's right to vote wan't a morality issue, like homosexual marriage. IN fact, they couldn't vote. But you have always been able to participate in a gay marriage. You just didn't get benefits for it.   - Black civil rights wasn't either in the sense that no one thought the activity of blacks was particularly immoral--same as above  - Interracial marriage was considered a morality issue, so this could be an analogy--nevertheless it didn't seek to change the fundamental aspect of marriage: that it is between a man and woman  - Roe v. Wade: This is still so controversial that a lot of people believe the court was wrong on this one and that it's not consititutional at all, given that it legalizes a form of harm through the act of abortion. The specifics of this issue are so different from that of gay marriage, the analogy really doesn't hold water.  The problem with your tactic here is that it is an example of assuming that just because the courts ruled on favor on these other issues, they should automatically rule in favor of the one you are seeking. But the courts could just as easily (and probably have at times) stike down arguements with the same basis as yours: a polygamist could just as easily take the same approach. Each case has to be argued on it's own merits, not because other cases happened to end up the same way. Now I do understand that you were making the point that the founding fathers never may not have envisioned such things as gay marriage. But you, nor anyone else here, really have any idea what they throught about issues such as these. The phrase "they are rolling over in their graves" may apply, for all we know.   One thing is certain: you don't automatically get to have gay marriage put in the same catagory as women's and blacks' right to vote, interracial marriage, etc. It's not automaticaly a "civil right" just because you say it is. In my opinion, it's a much different issue than all these.  I think the forefathers that framed the Condtitution were a lot smarter than you give them credit for. I think they knew exactly what they were doing. They knew they could not foresee all possible issues that might arise and specifically worded the Constitution and Bill of Rights to grant to the people, any right not specifically barred or specifically granted to the states.  And everyone wants what they do to automatically be a 'right,' no? The jury is still out on whether or not changing the standard of marriage and making it open-ended is a right of yours.
But beyond that, I think that I can be certain our founders did in fact intend the Constitution to be used to protect same-sex marriage. If you read their writings, it is very clear that they believe governments to be evil by nature in that they take away rights. Their goal was to create a government that protected rights, taking away as few as possible.  I'm not sure you can easily show that the founding fathers considered marraige recognition by the govt. to be a "right" in the first place. I wonder what benefits existed very early on from the early American govt. in the 1780s for married couples.   They tried to form a Constitution that would protect equality for even those of future generations, not just for themselves; they wanted their Constitution to protect freedom and equality in the cvil rights battles faced by future generations.  If they really felt that way, they would have set up a system that considered black people free and women able to vote immediately. I think sometimes people put the founding fathers on way too high of a pedastal.
If colonial scientists had had access to the sophisticated information our scientists have uncovered about sexual orientation, you can bet the Founders would have put considerably more stock in what they had to say on the subject than in demoguogic illogic and citations from the Biblical writings of Paul (whom Jefferson referred to as "the first great corrupter of the teachings of Jesus").  Sure sort of like such solid, hard core evidence like the identification of "several areas that appear to influence whether a man is straight or gay," or the "guess . . . that multiple genes, potentially interacting with environmental influences, explain differences in sexual orientation" as the article you linked to said.  You make it sound as if sexual orientation is as understood as the composition of apple pie, or that scientific "discovery" automatically negates the moral question in the first place.
There were none. As I said, the founders did not give the government the right to grant marriage benefits. However, this does not mean that they did not set up a Constitution which would attempt to protect freedom and equality when those things find themselves at risk.  I agree that they set the constitution up in this way, but it stands to reason that the idea for the govt. to give out benefits to married couples came later, perhaps much later. I admit, I don't know when that first happened. But it seems to me that they are more "benefits" rather than "rights." Remember we are talking about the governement's role in this, not the act of marriage in the sense of making a commitment to someone.  Take social security for instance. One criteria for that is that a person has to be 62 or older to get social security benefits. In the same vein, marriage benefits require a marriage between a man and a woman. Wouldn't you say that for a man and a man together as a couple wanting to get marriage benefits is sort of like a 50 year old person wanting to get social security? In the sense that there is criteria, both marriage AND social security could be described as discriminatory Both were initiated as avenues of benefits at one time. Why is marriage any more discriminatory than any other criteria-based application of benefits given by the government?
Both can be called discriminatory and both ARE discriminatory; there is no doubt about that. The difference is that one is discriminatory for a good reason while the other is discriminatory for no good reason, or at least I believe there is no good reason to discriminate against same-sex couples. Whether that reason exists is the heart of the debate.  Well, I don't mean for this to become a social security discussion, but I think your arguments for saying the the one case of discrimination is any better than the other is weak. There are plenty of people out there who don't make it to 62 (and some may even know they won't), so the argument that 'we're all going to get SS sooner or later' doesn't really hold up. And the argument that younger people don't need help is not compelling either--many certainly probably do need financial help--just like many gay couples can claim to need to the benefits of marriage.  The point here is that the govt. has numerous programs in which they discriminate, and anyone could argue that they such discrimination for any of those programs is bad. Social security, pell grants, disability payments, marriage benefits, etc. are all forms of benefits the govt. gives out and none of them were around when the constitution was drafted. To say that gay marriage is an example of inequality or denial of rights is to claim that about any of these examples, because they are all examples of benefits given based on criteria. Your claim that you should get marriage benefits is no different than a healthy person claiming it's unfair for his neighbor to get disability payments or no different than a younger person saying social security is unfair. Both could be cases where there is indeed a need there despite not meeting the criteria.  In the case of same-sex marriage, I have to assume that we are not giving benefits to people based on their religious beliefs regarding what constitutes a marriage.   I think the real issue here is that you are trying to cash in on a form of govt. benefits for which you don't meet the criteria. The standard for what constitutes a marriage has been there SINCE the constitution. It seems to be you who are trying to make that standard more open-ened.
2000 election, Roe v Wade, Loving Versus Virginia, etc.  Scotus is no stranger to controversial cases.  I said that they would take it if there was an extremely compelling reason to do so.
Anything short of the word marriage would not be equal. On an international level even, If one country has marriage (Canda) and another has civil unions (USA) What will the first country recognized. They may say..you are not married and not honor that union. It has never been incumbent on the US to recognize every other country's laws. That's what makes us a sovereign nation.  It would be a tough sell to gays and lesbians to give us a new institution and tell us it is equal when it is clearly not. It like giving some people hald and hald and the others coffee mate. Tatse the same, looks the same, has the same effect...but not the same. Why have a substitute when as a citizen you are entitled to the real thing. Like I said, marriage has special meaning in our society. If you'd rather take an all or nothing approach, then who am I to argue; I'd vote "no".   Why should gay unions be second class to straight unions. I said that I wouldn't have a problem with equal rights, but the term "marriage" would be a non-negotiable item in my case. It doesn't have to be rational; that's the beauty of a free society. Everyone is free to be irrational when so moved.
You boys are just a bunch of supercilious blowhards.   I'm so sick of your taking up THIRTY THREE pages to go around and around with these issues of which NOT ONE of you can keep all your information sorted out.   Just get over it, will you?   emoticon_cool  Umm . . . no one is making you read this thread; feel free to move on if it bothers you so.
You boys are just a bunch of supercilious blowhards.  emoticon_cool  Ah....only some of us. :p
The fact that it doesn't recognize standards doesn't make it's own standards right, does it? The fact that you are a sovereign nation has no bearing on the correctness or wrongness of a law/practice. Every country has the right to determine what is and what isn't socially acceptable. Many European countries allow public nudity and sexually-explicit TV broadcasting. The US has decided that it doesn't want to follow that trend. Euthanasia is legal in some countries, but is, likewise, illegal in the US. Pedophilia is rampant in Thailand, but is illegal just about everywhere. So my point is, there is NO absolute right or wrong, it's up to the contry involved and here in te US, the majorty don't favor gay mariage.  Anthropologically speaking, there's no rational reason to assume that the social definition recently slapped onto marriage is correct or ought to be honoured. Do you believe things are right by virture of a sovereign nation's culture supporting them? Whether or not it's part of a culture or law does not make it justified. Anthropologically speaking? Anthropologically speaking, the vast majority of marriages throughout history have been heterosexual. While some ancient societies tolerated same-sex unions, it was hardly mainstream in any culture.  SO you and millions of others consider it sacred and important. What's the rational, objective justification for this? If you want your position to be taken seriously from any moral perspective, you cannot say "i don't care if it's rational, just that we get to make the decision." It's not incumbent upon me to prove that my beliefs are rational or justifiable, but if you need a moral perspective, read Genesis.  Just beacause you are free to make irrational cultural decisions, doesn't mean they are actually warrented. They're warranted when a) they don't conflict with the Constitution and b) they are held by a majority of the voting public. That's the way cultural decisions are made. Don't hate the player; hate the game. emoticon_rolleyes
Not all of the US. Euthanasia is legal in Oregon. There's no constitutional conflict and it was approved by a majority of Christian, we have a small Catholic presence here, voters. Just as same sex marriage should remain a states right, not be a political football to gain partisan support at a federal level by using mythology as a moral determination. That clearly mixes religion and government.  Do you think the social experiment of gay marriage is a good idea in these economic times? emoticon_confused
Where do you get such absurd ideas? Absurd idea? I have a good friend who lived in Singapore and was our international business manager. He made many business trips to Thailand and saw, firsthand, many of the European perverts who preyed on young poor Thai boys.  You're starting to exhibit the chain-yanking, word-game-playing tendencies of a certain other poster. Same-sex unions WILL be mainstream, but they will never be the majority form simply because most people are heterosexual. Duh.  The poster that I responded to was attempting to make a point that today's definition of marriage was somehow a recent phenomenon to which I disagreed. "Anthropologically speaking" marriage has been heterosexual. emoticon_rolleyes
................. Genesis: Relgions are not an objective ethical system. They are a non-universally applicable dogma completely divorced for any objective reality or logic. There's no justification for anything to be found in the Bible. All they do is say something's wrong with no reasoning behind it. Most of what's  wrong" in the Bible, hurts no one, and the 'law' of the Bible is atrociously murderouls.  Morality transcends any form of God. You forgot to add the cavaet "In YOUR opinion." To many, morality and spirituality go hand-in-hand.  As you can clearly see, he cannot logically justify any of his ethical statements, since he's not used to having to do do. He's never obliged to provide any justification for his actions. Whatever society says goes. It's the lazyman's game. How does one logically justify a faith-based belief? emoticon_confused   He's also equivocating on the terms Mainstream and Majority, but I doubt he even knows what that means or if he cares. I haven't equivocated on anything. The MAJORITY of Americans don't care if the concept of "gay marriage" is MAINSTREAM or not. When it comes to making social policy, one needs to be concerned with the majority.   On a side note, you really have an annoying debating style.
Do you think the social experiment of gay marriage is a good idea in these economic times? emoticon_confused  I think that if the government tries to regulate social behavior, it invariably will have effects on the economy. Free markets aren't free if there's a theocracy going on.
I would just like to know why the term "marriage" needs to be used? Marriage has been something sacred between a man and a woman for over a thousand years (not including the few who practiced polygamy). Why don't you come with some other term? It's like your trying to change the dog into a cat.
Absurd idea? I have a good friend who lived in Singapore and was our international business manager. He made many business trips to Thailand and saw, firsthand, many of the European perverts who preyed on young poor Thai boys.  Remember, gay rights people only accept personal experience and observation if it fits their views.   Try telling one you know of someone who claims to be an ex-gay and see if they'll accept it because he says so. Yet they usually expect you to accept what THEY say about being gay because it's their experience and because they say so.
I would just like to know why the term "marriage" needs to be used? Marriage has been something sacred between a man and a woman for over a thousand years (not including the few who practiced polygamy). Why don't you come with some other term? It's like your trying to change the dog into a cat.  I don't know if anything like that could be perpetuated for long without abridging the freedom of speech. If gays are allowed to have, say, civil unions, then they'll start calling them marriages.
1. You are confusing ethical convention with justification. Conventional Ethical Relativism isn't justification for anything. It fails logically to explain/justify anything. Just because the majority wants it or says it does not mean it's warrented. There must be objective reasoning provided for said belief to be justified, not just will of the masses.  If there are enough people with the will for something, it's not going to matter whether there is justification yea or nay. Ultimately we have a govt. by the people, and for the people, and so in a sense they decide the laws, in a round-about way. The people elect the law-makers and the law-makers see to it that the laws reflect the will of the people. And we have ballot initiatives regularly.  The idea that there must be "justification" for a law rather than the will of the people is overly-idealistic. The reality is, the will of the people usually prevails. And normally that is a good thing. I would argue that in every case, the law was changed because of the will of the people--slavery didn't even have a chance to end until enough people were against it in this country. Segregation didn't become illegal until enough people in this country were against it for the legal fight against it to prevail. If too many people were against it, segregation would not have even been opposed enough to be overturned (and for centuries it wasn't).   So the will of the masses is always what ultimately turns to tide in most cases. The idea that you can have the law the way you want it despite the will of the masses is an indealistic illusion at best, and an invitation to tyranny at worst. Personally, I'm glad we live in a country that is NOT as you say, but rather a govt. by the people and for the people.
You see, this is the problem. You aren't considering the justification. In a situation of whether or not something is right or wrong, it matters not whether or not the majority agree/disagree, but upon what objective ethical basis you can make a claim.  They can make any law they want, but it,in no way, makes it right, and if you want a just society, you would try to objectively justify your laws. If enough people support public stonning because you masturbate in your own home and the law finds out will you allow that based on the will of the masses? Or is it wrong based on objective rationality? You cannot honestly hold that much faith in Convention.  Great, now you can admit that slavery was not only legal, but perfectly justified, since you only care about what the majority says. The majority of the nation was gung-ho about slavery, even the masses who didn't own slaves. Like that conclusion? You do know a minority of people said it was wrong, and that THIS minority actually used  justification  for why it was wrong, other than  i say so   You completely missed the point.   What I'm saying is that while it may be desirable (by me to in some ways) for laws to have to be justified, ultimately society decides it's laws. There's no way around that. It may seem fine and dandy for a few to be able to run something through the courts against the will of the general public, but the reality is that it's rarely ever happened that way. Why? Because our govt. is set up to be a govt. by the people and for the people. We elect our lawmakers based on what we want them to do for us. I'm saying that in reality, it just doesn't happen the way you say.  Do you even know to what you are admitting? You are saying it's ok to have a system of laws with NO justification behind it other than the will of the mases. That's inane.  I think you are failing to give "the masses" the credit they deserve by implying it is bad to let us govern ourselves. Without the enough of the masses changing their views, segregation would still be in place today. It would still be illegal for women to vote. And to require a justification for laws outside of the will of masses is to pull the rug out from under democracy. Who decides what that "justification" is? A monarch? Or are you advocating a "legistocracy," where the courts basically take the place of determining what our laws are rather than the people?   So yes, I certainly do think it's ok to have a system of laws set in place by the will of the masses. That's what democracy is all about.
I would just like to know why the term "marriage" needs to be used? Marriage has been something sacred between a man and a woman for over a thousand years (not including the few who practiced polygamy). Why don't you come with some other term? It's like your trying to change the dog into a cat.  Sounds like you read my earlier posts. :)
Sounds like your "good friend" hung out in some questionable places. He "hung out" where the Asian automakers were. And yes, I'd call them "questionable" at a minimum.  Today's definition of marriage as the voluntary, often romantically driven, union between a man and a woman, legally equal in status, for as long as they both see fit, IS a recent phenomenon. Ask any anthropologist. Heterosexual marriage isn't relatively recent unless you think in terms of geological epochs. The Bible speaks of marriage as the union of one man/one woman in Genesis. And Genesis wasn't written recently. emoticon_rolleyes   AND it has been homosexual in some cultures and at certain times. AND now it is again.  Get used to it.  I doubt that I'll have to. As long as gay activists keep pushing for an all or nothing in your face resolution, the majority of Americans will push back. Light the fuse and "boom", new Constitutional amendment.
Heterosexual marriage isn't relatively recent unless you think in terms of geological epochs. The Bible speaks of marriage as the union of one man/one woman in Genesis. And Genesis wasn't written recently. emoticon_rolleyes   Biblical views, monogamy, and romance aside, I think they have a pretty hard sell on their hands anyway to convince people that gay marriage was widespread and accepted in historical times. Maybe if they had something substantial other that wishful thinking to back up such assertions, it would help.
That is a rather odd viewpoint you have. I have personally been to Thailand several times on vacation: Bangkok (6 times), Pattaya, Phuket Island / Patong Beach (4 times), and Chaing Mai. I have never seen it. But then I wasn't looking for it either. And I have news for you. It IS illegal in Thailand. Anyone would be a fool to even think about it and end up spending the rest of their life in a Thai prison (You think Mexican prisons are bad? You ain't seen nothing!)  So here you are, trying to represent all gay people as pedophiles based on hearsay evidence from an unidentified source. Perhaps the reason your "friend" saw it was because he was looking for it.  Whoa buddy....back up. Not once did I state, suggest or imply that pedophiles were homosexuals. In fact, if you go back to the beginning of this thread, you'd see that I stated pedophiles can be gay, straight or bisexual. I mentioned pedophelia as an example of practices that are condoned in other countries. I agree that pedophelia is illegal in Thailand, but it is still a widely practiced activity.   And what the heck does it have to do with gay marriage in the USA anyway? It was a response to Tigerlilly about a country's freedom to make their own laws and not be bound by other country's ideas of morality.
Biblical views, monogamy, and romance aside, I think they have a pretty hard sell on their hands anyway to convince people that gay marriage was widespread and accepted in historical times. Maybe if they had something substantial other that wishful thinking to back up such assertions, it would help.  Even societies that engaged in male homosexuality as part of their culture, such as Sparta, married women.
I get what you mean, that no matter if it's justified or not, people will do what they want. This is because people in general are stupid in the world. I mean, come on. 50% of the population believes in a literal translation of the bible. That takes zero objective thinking. 40% of the population believes in ghosts, goblins, and magical transcendentalism, which, according to Neurotheology describes religious "awakenings" as brain dysfunction.  Fair enough, I agree that governing shouldn't have anything to do with such beliefs. But let's face it: it's a bit of an elitist mentality to automatically assume people are "stupid" if they believe in the supernatural.  Without the masses, segregation wouldn't have been there in the first place, and neither would have slavery before it.   Don't forget why they [women] couldn't vote in the first place.  I don't think there was any U.S. government mandate that set slavery in motion, or women's lack of right to vote--they just weren't included. Either way, the will of the people ultimately prevailed in undoing what people had set in motion as a bad precedent to begin with. There are always going to be evil people in the world, and to hope that along the way, people don't do something bad (like start segregation and racism) is unrealistic as well. Laws are often in place for the sake of dealing with past problems and mistakes.  1. I really doubt I am failing to give the masses that much credit. Millions are in poverty . . .  Worldwide, yes. Not here in the U.S.  2. And yes. The number of people involved in making laws doesn't matter. Opinions should be overruled by objective evidence and sound reasoning. The people don't belong making laws. Educated, objective thinkers do. Democracy isn't a good system, but the way politics and education works nowadays, everyone is indoctrinated in political ideology insomuch that they don't actually care about how the system  should  run or could run.  3. No one person decides; the system decides.  Everything you say sounds good on paper, but in the end people are still the ones inacting it. Judges can still be biased, and I'd rather see the will of a lot of people rather than the will of one judge with no checks and balances on him. The good thing about having the masses decide is that a lot of people have to be in agreement before sweeping change takes place, good or bad.
Oh yes you have. If your memory fails you, I can repost your statements. Don't bother, here's what I posted.  Thank you for laying out the basis for the next part of the debate. Unlike the economics of gay marriage, the moral repercussions aren't as easily quantified. Here are some of the "moral concerns" that I've heard expressed. I don't necessarily subscribe to them, but I'm laying them on the table for discussion.  1. Legalizing gay marriage will promote homosexuality, which is an unnatural condition 2. Legalizing gay marriage will corrupt straight children 3. It will increase the number of pedophiles 4. It is anti-Christian and America is predominantly a Christian society 5. It will weaken the institution of marriage  We can start with these and add or subtract as we see fit. and in  http://4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=86158&postcount=158  I've already replied on pedophilia. I know that pedophiles are just as likely to be heterosexual as homosexual. I brought it up because many straights don't know that the two are unrelated and almost Pavlovian start to talk about pedophiles whenever homosexuality is mentioned. And organizations, such as NAMBLA, as has been previously mentioned, don't help dispell the myth that pedophiles are homosexuals, exclusively. Does that help you. My memory on this one is backed up by fact. emoticon_rolleyes
The majority  did  support slavery, and as an institution, it was deeply rooted in the ideology and constitution set up by the founding fathers. A large number of states/representitives were required to pass these provisions.  If the nation went by objective concerns instead of the will of the masses, they wouldn't have let slavery occure in the first place. The institutionalization of slavery and racism was a coverup for the economic greed of people. These people then brainwashed the "masses" into supporting an institution which had no justification (other than selfish greed), nor real benefit for them.  Yet because enough of the masses realized it was wrong, the law changed.  According to the 2003 ratings from the Beauro of Labour Statistics, about 12.5% of the population lived in povery (in the US), or 39.2 million people. About 16 million children were included.  I've heard some argue that there is really no such thing as American poverty. While I wouldn't go that far, I understand why some say that. Because of our welfare system, even our poor here in the U.S. are rich by the standards of many countries. If anything, it underscores how poverty is a relative concept.  Oh no. You misunderstand. I do want checks and ballances, but those checks aren't just mere people, they are a specific ideology of objective thought and logic.  Still requires someone to have of view of what constitutes such "objective ideology", and as long as there are people involved there is the possibility for bias. It's flawed no matter how you look at it.
Duh!!!!!!!!! When was the last time you stepped out of your white supremist neighborhood?  My last trip to a poverty-stricken third world country. Try it sometime, and you'll see what I mean.  And BTW, I don't live in a white-supremacist neighborhood. Not sure what you meant by that.
FYI, I have live and worked in Mexico for over 15 years. I have spent the night with families of the people who worked for me, in dwellings made of pallets and cardboard, in 20 deg. F temperatures. I have been there. I have lived there. I have been to 3rd world countries. I know how they will respect you IF you respect them. They don't want your selfrighteous pity. They want an opportunity for the same right to live that you so jealously deny them and others.  I agree with you on all this, except your ad hominem attack of indicating that I'm out to deny them and not respect them. With all due respect, you are flailing about here and you seem to have your dander up. It sounds like you and I have similar thoughts on poverty and it's victims.
gay marriage: isn't one of the main points of being gay, besides the 'i was born this way'-ism kind of a way to tell convention to go shove it? as far as i'm concerned, marriage is simply a way of providing a stable home life for children, thus giving them a better chance of succeeding outside the home. and it doesn't always work! look at the divorce rates- whats the average marriage length now, two or three years? while we're on it, why are you fighting for state sanctions anyway? is it tax benefits or something?  i simply can't understand this, and its driving me up the wall! so far i've seen you guys (and girls, or whatever you would prefer that i refer to you as) say 'to hell with the system! we're outside it, we don't need it!' and then you turn around and say 'we want back in! give us this this and this, or we'll have gay pride parades and march on washington!'  would somebody care to explain this to me so i can go about my life in a slightly more politically correct manner? :)
Who told you the primary function of marriage is children? That's not necessarily true, and it's not universal. Marriage has many other important functions. And, acccording to all mainstream organizations, Homosexual marriage doesn't harm children, despite what the armchair psychologist-religiwackos say.  marriage has other important functions? like what? i'm not going by what anyone has told me, i'm going by what i see: men typically marry for steady *****, women typically marry because they want kids (eventually counts) or they want someone else to come home to and don't mind the side effect of kids. and as for gays harming children? people who make claims like that are people i generally ignore, if not go out of my way to provoke.  Not really. I'm gay. I don't tell anyone to **** anything. I don't want an anarchy or a poor government. There's no alterior motive behind anything. It's just the same as you are.  claiming to be 'just like me' detracts from that argument. claiming to be 'just like everyone else' would work, and i'll assume you meant something like that (if you want to know why, read some of my other posts). this also goes against roughly 1/3rd of the philosiphies of the gay couples i know and commonly associate with- those philosiphies being 'hey! sex is for pleasure, and if you're trying to avoid having kids the best way is to **** the same sex as yourself!'  thank you for replying, even if you haven't (entirely) cleared up any of the questions i've asked.
gay marriage: isn't one of the main points of being gay, besides the 'i was born this way'-ism kind of a way to tell convention to go shove it? as far as i'm concerned, marriage is simply a way of providing a stable home life for children, thus giving them a better chance of succeeding outside the home. and it doesn't always work! look at the divorce rates- whats the average marriage length now, two or three years? while we're on it, why are you fighting for state sanctions anyway? is it tax benefits or something?  i simply can't understand this, and its driving me up the wall! so far i've seen you guys (and girls, or whatever you would prefer that i refer to you as) say 'to hell with the system! we're outside it, we don't need it!' and then you turn around and say 'we want back in! give us this this and this, or we'll have gay pride parades and march on washington!'  would somebody care to explain this to me so i can go about my life in a slightly more politically correct manner? :)  Well you're right, the gay pride movement embodies counter-culturalism. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to see that. In my opinion it's another outgrowth of the sexual revolution taken to the extreme.
HOLY COW!!!! Is this the "Sacred Institution of Marriage" you and jyoshu are so fervent to protect?  If it seems that bad to you, you are more than welcome to leave the institution alone.
Marriage equality would build on America's tradition of moving civil rights forward and erasing the inequities of the past. More than 10 nations already allow same-sex couples to get married or to enter federally recognized domestic partnerships.   How is it that gay marriage recognition is an example of "equality" rather than a special right? You already have the very same right to marry and opposite-sex person right now, as anyone else in this country. The problem is that you want a right over and above that--special rights.  Marriage protects couples nationwide. Unlike civil unions and domestic partner registries, which aren't portable,   Then we can work on ways to make civil unions protable.  Public support is growing.  Public support does not make it the way to go. There was public support for slavery at one time, and prohibition. Both turned out to be the wrong direction.  Marriage provides families stability and security. One thing that both sides of the marriage issue can agree upon is that marriage strengthens families. Children are more secure if they are raised in homes with two loving parents who have a legal relationship with them and can share the responsibility of parenthood.  You seem to think that a legal document somehow give a commitment between two people legitimacy. Marriage strengthens families because it is a commitment that hoepfully is kept. The ONLY think in question here is the govt.'s recognition of marriage, not marriage itself. You can already have the strength of marriage if you want to commit to someone. Let's not confuse the two. There is nothing magical about a state-issued marriage license. It's simply a legal paper--it won't give you stability to your home and family. You'll have to do that yourself.  There are hundreds of ways in which state laws take marital status into account,  And these can be extended to portable civil unions.  The Constitution promises liberty and justice to all Americans, not just the majority.  That doesn't mean you get absolutely anything you want, anymore than someone wanting social security monies at 25, for instance. The constitution doesn't guarantee anarchy.  No religious institution would be required to perform a ceremony.  Huh?? You don't have to have a religious institution to perform your ceremony NOW, either. This one makes no sense at all.  There are at least 1,049 protections, benefits and responsibilities extended to married couples under federal law  Sure, if you want to call some of them serious benefits. Some are a stretch.  - End stage renal disease program?  - Tutorial assistance? (as if marriage is going to make it THAT much easier to get tutoring)  - Protection of indians regarding tribal property when marrying white men? (a carryover from an earlier part of our history when this was an issue)  Furthermore, many items in the list are very general, which could be taken to apply to one instance, or many. Some apply to outdated laws which aren't even applicable any longer. The document itself says that it is "a collection of 1049 federal laws classified to the United States code in which marital status is a factor." It does not even call them actual 'benefits.' Gay rights groups have tried to portray ALL these as benefits. But as the GAO document itself says "no conclusion can be drawn, from our identification of a law as one in which marital status is a factor, concerning the effect of the law on married people versus single people." Funny isn't it, how gay rights groups tend to leave that part out when they quote the document.  Coscura, see the GAO document itself, if you want to make your own judgements:  http://www.marriageequality.org/1049.pdf  It's a PDF, so you have to have Acrobat Reader to read it.
False analogy. Social security at 25 and "anarchy" are totally incomparable to equal marriage facilities. Also a strawman. No one's claiming "anything you want." They are claiming equal facilities, which, due to biology and psychology, aren't accessible (allow so harms no one and violates the rights of no others).  I think social security is a very applicable analogy--when the govt. gives SS money to one group (those 62 and over) and doesn't give it to another, it is discriminating based on age. There is no guarantee that any given 25 year old will make it to 62, and if gay people can expect marraige benefits for gay marriages, I don't see why younger people couldn't expect the benefits older people get. The point is that you don't get to have discrimination ended just because you say so. If that weren't true, SS benefits might already be given to all age groups. Does the constitution guarantee that a 25 year old can cash in on SS benefits? No more than it does for gay people to cash in on straight marriage benefits, and vice versa.  your "personal" account of this is worthless. Why? Total anecdotal information.  Careful; gay rights people expect others to take them at their word all the time.  "It's natural because I'm gay, and I SAY it feels this way!"
why does everyone think that i said gays have a negative side effect on children? is it because i said this:  marriage has other important functions? like what? i'm not going by what anyone has told me, i'm going by what i see: men typically marry for steady *****, women typically marry because they want kids (eventually counts) or they want someone else to come home to and don't mind the side effect of kids. and as for gays harming children? people who make claims like that are people i generally ignore, if not go out of my way to provoke.  the part about 'or they want someone else to come home to and don't mind the side effect of kids' is not the same as saying 'they don't mind the side effect ON kids'. what i was referring to is the typical heterosexual couple who uses protection only sporadically- they're married, right? they don't need it, kids are acceptable since its not wedlock or some **** like that, and if their partner is faithful, they have no diseases to worry about. why does this make me look like an idiot? because you can ignore one word and assume that i'm against you? jesus tapdancing christ! it gets old to have everybody jump down your throat over something they misinterpreted but can't bring themselves to admit! emoticon_mad and if its something else that implies that, then i'm sorry, i didn't mean to.  next: Philosophy? Secondarily, you are again making a mockery of all gay people with your inane strawman, stating that their primary focus is sex and partying, which simply isn't true. You might as well condemn all college students with that attitude. That is characteristic of a certain percentage, and your "personal" account of this is worthless. Why? Total anecdotal information.  what the hell are you talking about? i cited the philosiphies of exactly seven gay people that i know. do you really think this affects all of you? if your really that worried about it, doesn't that place some concern where it shouldn't be? and on a lighter note, i will condemn all college students with that attitude, until i meet a notable exception (i'm in college and that may take a while. i could also include the professors if you're worried about equality). :)  as for my assumed stance of supporting 'institutional marriage', i couldn't honestly care less. if you want to assume that i have that stance, go ahead. if, however, you'd like to know what i honestly feel and think of it, i could still care less. marriage isn't something i plan on getting involved in for a few reasons- the survival odds of my career of choice not the least of them. still, i have to admit, its very fun to watch people assume to know what you think and who you are based on that... and then watch them walk circles around themselves supporting the same point you're trying to make.
If you didn't care, then you wouldn't be here arguing.   :blink: what? what does caring have to do with this? as far as i'm concerned this is a mental playground where i can **** people off, make them think, and reasonably expect little or no consequence, since its all just oppinion and oppinions are subject to change. the only emotional stake i have is in provoking thought or reaction- i don't care if you laugh, **** yourself, or cry. i want to see why my oppinions will do to people.
of course i have oppinions: i simply don't expose them mostly, and when i do its usually to see the arguments people have made to go either one way or the other so i can confirm that the oppinion i have is correct as far as most people- including myself- can tell. but this is getting off topic: why is gay marriage a viable option? nobody has answered this with anything other than oppinions they've had spoonfed to them by other people.
I don't believe I made any indication that you said that. Did you not find my response a reasonable answer to your questions?  its not just you, i've gotten this response from several people, and its not a point i'm interested in hearing about. its been getting me called all sorts of names by many different people. but to answer your question, no, i havent seen a satisfactory answer yet. claiming that its unfair to not have marriage when so many marriages end so miserably points to some bizarre form of masochism, in my mind. the cases where i've seen marriages work out are few and far between, and in many cases have more to do with economic support than with love or affection. thats why i've been asking: because even though i don't have any stake in this, it still baffles me. does that make more sense?  I do not claim to know your stance on marriage, but I do claim that taking no action to stop a harmful or tyrannical law when you have the opportunity and power to do so is a greatly immoral act. If that opportunity does arrive, I only ask that you consider how many a ban on same-sex marriage hurts and how many removing it would help.  would it make you feel better if i told you i refrain from voting? i honestly don't believe in it- its simply too easy to rig, as gwb's first term in office taught us. and i also don't see how banning gay marriage is a greatly immoral act, for the reasons stated above: marriage is great while it lasts but hell afterwards for nearly everyone involved, in most cases: why do you want to put yourself or somebody you love through that? if it makes you feel better, i'm in most cases against hetero marriages- they don't last, everybody gets heartbroken, so on etc.  I will dare to question the morals of a person who would condemn people for using sex for pleasure, then state something as harmful as what you have just said. Having sex for pleasure, if done in a responsible manner, is harmless. Yet I do not understand why you believe it is okay to **** people off and attack their emotions, perhaps even bringing them to tears for your own experiment on the reactions of others. You may not have an emotional stake in this matter, but as a decent human being, I ask you to please respect the emotions of others. Though you may not be able to see the people you speak with on this forum, they are people. Caring only about one's own emotions is not a quality of a person who is in any place to condemn someone else for immoral actions.  ooOOooh! you dare make ambiguous jabs about who i am as a person! fine, if you think i'm so evil condemn me, and if its true i'll admit to it- but the majority of what you just accused me of is simply a detached view of what most people would do anyway. if i bring them to tears, i don't laugh at them- i'm not a bully, or at least i try not to be- i try to show them why i think they're wrong and why it wasn't a good idea to get so emotionally attached to an idea in the first place. i'd make karl marx cry if i showed him what happened to the soviet republics and communism, to get the point across that it doesn't work anywhere but on paper. that doesn't mean i point and laugh- just the opposite- i'd try to comfort him and profess the respect i have for his ideas and the hopes that they could somehow/someday work. does that seem immoral? as for condemning others for their actions and emotions, if i've been interpreted as doing so i- again- have to profoundly apologize. all i've done is asked for an explanation, and persisted in asking for one when no reasonable answers were forthcoming.
Because the government cannot afford to give everyone who's 25 the benefits of SOCIAL security, which is meant for retirement age individuals. Everyoen who gets to that age will get it, if the system doesn't collapse first due to lack of money.  Some have argued that it would also be incredibly financially costly to make the application of marriage benefits much more open-ended as well.  Gays can never marry homosexual people, and it's not morally right to force them to only marry heterosexuals, because it's not biologically or mentally sound, and the former does no harm to anyone. There's no marginal harm.  When the 25 year old reaches retirement, yes. THe gay is never gauranteed to marry someone of his choosing, barring legal age.  There is no guarantee that anyone will reach 62, either.   No it doesn't, because SS isn't a right, but equal treatment is. Everyone WILL get social security, if it survives, unless they die first. You can't realistically have a gay married to a non-gay. There's no chemistry, no love, and it's mentally wrong forcing someone to do that or have nothing as an alternative.  SS funds at 25 is no less or more of a right than gay marriage. And people DO argue for marriage rights based on "equal treatment" all the time.  Face it, both are there to give benefits to a certain group, based on specific criteria. No one of any criteria who wants it can just cash in on SS funds, and no one of any marriage criteria (or marriage arrangement) can just cash in on marriage benefits. You are arguing the same sort of argument that one would argue if he were 25 trying to get the govt. to give him SS funds.
Marrige has nothing to do with commitments and trust, relationships are about commitments, marriage is about taxes and lawyers.  Marriage IS a commitment. That's what people do when they get married--they make a commitment to each other.
No, they made a commitment before they got married, married or not people make commitments. They made a commitment with their first joint checking account, their first major purchase together, the first time they made a plan together for their futire. That commitment was there with/or without a marriage. Marriage just seals the deal and makes it legal. Note: the word legal.  Sorry, but my marriage is so much more than a "legal" agreement. If the govt. took away the legality of marriage tomorrow, I'd still be married.  What of all the gay people who have claim to have gotten married even though they know the govt. doesn't recognize it? Are you going to tell them as well that they only have a marriage if it's "legal?"
marriage is marriage. If they are not married, they are in a long term relationship, not a marriage. My partner and I have a long term commitment to each other, we plan to psend the rest of our days together. We are not married. We are hoping that we can get married for the legal protections on the life we have together. BUT when to people say they are married. either they are or they are not. If it is not a legal thing, then they are not. Then it is just a nice jesture, not a marriage.   Well, there are a lot of gay people who would disagree with you since they got married without the possibility of a license.  I think you are referring to civil marriage. In my opinion commitment marriage is a marriage depending on what the couple wants it to be. If they want to call it a marriage, that's their business, and none of yours to question. Regarding this issue, you should take your own tagline to heart.
Civil marriage is what the debate is about.   No, it's about gay rights, and to deal with that issue we have to discuss gay relationships--even though I'm sure you wish that were not the case.  Actually, its you all who muddy the waters of civil marriage and marriage as a commitment when you use whichever one is most convenient for your argument at the time. One one hand you seem to think that gay people don't have the right to get married at all--they do because you can get married anytime you want. A number of gay people have, regardless of the fact that they don't get a license.   The ONLY difference between a marriage you might have and one that I might have (in terms of commitment) is that mine happens to have govt. sanction. That's ALL. A gay person can claim to have a marriage as much as anyone, and many of them do (as you should be aware!)  By reducing marriage to only a legal agreement, you've not only denigrated the marriages of many people, but many gay people as well who claim to have a marriage even though they don't have a license.
As I have said before and will say again. You have no idea what gays are fighting for, not do you have any understanding of what gays are about. Why are you even debating this. It is ALL ABOUT THE LICENSE!!!   But you have said unequivocally, that marriage is ONLY the license, and that anything else is an "agreement." THAT is what I am taking issue with here.  Do you not realize that many gay couples call their "agreement" a marriage?
Yeah, and I can call my relationship a corporation of free love, but it doens't make it so.   When we are discussing equal rights and gay marriage we are talking about civil marriage. NOTHING ELSE. There is no other issue for you to bring up but civil marriage.  You're trying to change the subject because you know that what you are saying would be offensive to a lot of gay people, and straight people too.  They say they have a marriage, and so they do. For you to say they don't ("it's just an agreement, not a marriage") is no different than when Jerry Falwell says gay people's relationships are not real marriages.  Also, you don't get to decide that this discussion has to leave out what marriage is, aside from the civil aspect.
It wouldn't offend anyone, because they agree with me.   They agree with you that marriage is only a legal matter and it has nothing to do with a commitment? I dare you to tell that to a recently married gay couple in any state other than Massachusetts. Go on . . . tell them their marriage isn't about commitment--that it's just a legal matter. emoticon_rolleyes   WE HAVE THE RIGHT TO CALL OUR RELATIONSHIP WHATEVER WE WANT!!!!   That's not what you said--you're changing your tune. If you had said that to begin with, I'd have agreed with you. And since I HAVE said that already, you are really agreeing with me with this new statement of yours.  You said (and I quote) . . .  "Marriage has nothing to do with commitments and trust, relationships are about commitments, marriage is about taxes and lawyers."  I'm not letting you off the hook on this. You know good and well what I'm talking about.
I would be happy to tell any couple who has had a commitment ceremony they are not married. But you know what? they already know that. They made a public commitment. They proboly called it a "commitment ceremony" not a wedding. You just don't understand gay culture. That is the problem. Gays don't call their unions marriage, we have commitment ceremonies not weddings. You should go ask someone esle, cause you don't seem to listen to me.  Joe,  You and I both know that some gay couples call themselves married, and point to a marriage ceremony.  Some churches will even provide gay marriage ceremonies. I think if you will just step back and think about this, you will admit that some (if not many) gay married couples call themselves married.   I'm not sure why you're being argumentative on this.
It would seem to me that government ought to stay out of marriage altogether. It has historically been a religious ceremony (whatever your religion). If people want to enter into partnerships, I don't see any laws preventing that.   Societally speaking, insurance companies treat marriage differently. It is not based on ethics or morals, but statistics so that they (the insurance companies and the like) make the best dollar.  ef
One more thing:  For those who are crying about the intollerance of society, I would shy away from words like "religios" or "fundies" or to talk about christians as being the same the world over and not allowing variety.   You only show your own intollerance, and prejudicial attitudes and exude the position that intollerance is okay if it is against the right people.  IMHO.  ef
I am intolerant of fundamentalist anything. It is too black and white! I don't mind christians, but not fundamentalist chrisitans. Examples...J. Falwell, james Dobson, Pat Roberson, GW Bush.  I am a fundamentalist christian. I also have a sister in law who is gay. My wife was gay. I have many gay friends. I do not judge them. i know God loves them as much as he does me. How could I judge them. Your intollerance lumps people together into a category. It is the very definition of prejudice. To Pre(occur before) judge(decide on the evil or good of a thing).
He was speaking of the legal protections.  Then he should call it "civil" marriage.
I agree that this would be an acceptable solution; certainly as acceptable as recognizing same-sex marriage. However I do not believe that this solution will happen, and because of this, I argue for the one form of equality that is more likely to come to fruition.    I would shy away from using the word "crying" to describe arguments presented by someone. It suggests that the person who made the argument should not be taken seriously and is merely whining or crying. In a sense, it mocks the person making the argument. Of course I also would never support using the word "religios" or "fundies." Now that I think about it, I don't believe I've ever even heard those words before.  read the first few posts on this thread (2 in particular). It is one person that I see doing this. However, I do think that crying particularly describes some of what I have seen. The information presented does not really qualify as argument. It is more crying. The individual has either had their posts edited for profanity or had intentionally starred their own post to indicate profanity. This is the reason for my characterization.  But, your point is well taken.
Ah, well I did not mean to say that "crying" does not sometimes get the right point across, only that it may be a good idea shy away from the word and use the explanation you just provided. And yes, reading that second post, I do see use of the terms you described. As stated above, I do not approve of using such terms.  As I stated, your point is well taken. Also, it is not a matter of approval or disapproval. It is a matter of logic and a persuasive argument. It is not logical to argue in that manner as it only points to the opposite. It is not persuasive for the same reason.  edit: Essentially it is argumentum ad hominem. A logical fallacy.
By all means, please provide an acronym, a code word, a phrase, ANYTHING to shorthand fundamentalist-orthodox-usually-Christian(at least in this country)-anti-gay-bigot-who-uses-his-religion-to-fight-gay-rights-while-extolling-his-own-postition-as-a-righteous-individual-or-leader.  P.S. Once you've come up with the term, I will start to use it ehrrr... religiously... as long as the Jerry Falwells, Jyoshus, and Dubyas do, too.  Bob- I think I will not respond. You only prove my point here. The terms you use are precisely intollerant of one who's beliefs are different from yours. Ask others on this forum what my position is on Gays. To say that most act a certain way and then justify your behavior towards everyone because of the most, is BY DEFINITION, perjudice.  As to your comments on Roman law, marriage has been around long before the romans, long before states mandated it. Regardless of whether or not our western society has adopted this, it does not make it right and is why I say the government should get out of it.   Your logic is terrible.
This is ambiguous. No longer gay or no longer your wife? (I don't believe you can turn it on and offf by the way)  She used to prefer women. Has since given that up and is married to me.
::reads as he sips coffee, humming "I'm gonna **** on a hornets nest"::  this has really taken off. now for another two cents from me: i see marriage as a contract between two people to be sexually abstinant from everyone else except that one person (kind of why i'm against polygamy), with a smattering of the 'to have, to hold, to cherish and to comfort, in sickness and in health'. why does this require a piece of paper and economic sanctions?  i guess its the last two things on that list that **** me off so much- GWB has proven himself to be inept with money. he's a classic good american: he can take any idea, good or bad, fund it for the wrong reasons, run it into the ground, and then find someone else to blame. the liberal civil rights crowd loudly points this out, then turns around and says 'give our gay couples those scraps of paper the other couples have and let them keep most of their money'. is this logical? it doesn't seem like it.
News Releases 02/04/2005  Same-Sex Couples Must Be Allowed To Marry In New York, Court Rules;  Tsk, another step toward the marriage amendment.  By the way, you must disagree with at least one thing the justices said, based on your posts today . . .   "In today's ruling, Justice Ling-Cohan said, "Simply put, marriage is viewed by society as the utmost expression of a couple's commitment and love."
It's a step toward legal same-sex marriage in another jurisdiction. As it becomes legal in more areas, an amendment will be more difficult.   Well let's see . . .   the last time a state started recognizing gay marriages, suddenly there was more support for a Federal Marriage Amendment than ever, Democrats lost more seats in Congress, the minority Democratic leader was defeated after years in office, a protestant presidential candidate carried the Catholic vote against a Catholic candidate, evangelicals in the country were energized, the pro-FMA candidate WON re-election even though his approval rating was 50%, and the state that recognized gay marriage fell under a slew of legal challenges to the point where it's up in the air again.  The more you push you agenda through activist judges, the closer you get to the people having to pass an amendment. At least New York was smart enough not to do it right before an election.
It's a step toward legal same-sex marriage in another jurisdiction. As it becomes legal in more areas, an amendment will be more difficult. There will be people on both sides who will have strong opinions. However, for the moderate middle, same-sex marriage will just become a part of society, and a fact of life for those who want a same-sex marriage. It won't even be terribly exciting, and not anything like the sky falling. That moderate middle will want to focus on issues they see as more directly important to their everyday lives.  Don't count on it. Rulings like today's just fan the flames on both sides of the issue. I can guarantee you that this will be used as another reason to push for a Constitutional Amendment. It isn't one judge's place to make law, it's the legislature's and today's ruling is another example of the Judicial attempting to usurp legislative authority.
It's the job of the court to check legislative authority. This isn't a "legislative" branch powns everyone-else government. People like to whine about how unfair the courts are when they're merely culling the herd of bs legislated annually.  What law was overturned (or "culled") by the court in New York? I think the real problem is that the judicial system is being misused for activism. If it were just keeping legislation in check, there wouldn't be a problem. The courts, in the case of gay marriage, aren't overturning any laws.
If the legislatures had absolute authority, then we would not have created the judicial branch.  Nobody said the legislature had absolute authority. But it is the ONLY branch with the responsibility to make law.
It's the job of the court to check legislative authority. This isn't a "legislative" branch powns everyone-else government. People like to whine about how unfair the courts are when they're merely culling the herd of bs legislated annually.  The problem is that a single, non-elected judge, appointed for life, can legislate by themselves from the bench....and that's wrong, IMO. emoticon_mad
It is the job of the courts to be sure our laws are in line with the constitution. If a law is challenged as unconstitutional or a law is being applied in a way that is unconstitutiona,  But no law was in question here. New York didn't overturn any law that says 'only straights should get marriage benefits.' Again, what law in NY was being overturned here?  It is the people using the legislative branch of the goverment that was designed so everyone has a voice.  No, it is the work of some activist organizations with some judges in their backpocket, with no doubt under the table deals going on with the DNC. More money for lawyers as well. The judicial system has grown way too powerful in the lawst few decades in this country.
The problem is that a single, non-elected judge, appointed for life, can legislate by themselves from the bench....and that's wrong, IMO. emoticon_mad  Absolutely. Judicial cases are rarely ever an example of "the people" speaking, but a judge speaking. And (guess what) many, many judges used to be attorneys, who tend to be in bed with Democrats in the first place. It's a vicious cycle.
The judical branch is not making new laws, they ruled the existing law should cover everyone. That is not a new law.  Redefining marriage IS making new law.
Most of the judges in Mass were appointed by a conservative republican governor. Do your homework.....  It doesn't matter from whence they came, many a judge changed his/her stripes once on the Bench. YOU do your homework.
Maybe you should try reading the paper once in a awhile. You seem to to have read the arguments made in the case of how the marriage laws should cover same-sex couples but are not be honored to same sex couples. It is marriage laws in dispute. The courts job is to settle the dispute.  It's not the court's job to redefine marriage. That's the job of the people.  Get real, if gays had the judges in our back pockets we would be much further along than we are. If you read the history of the supreme court you will find many of the small stepping stones of the civil rights movements for women, gays, blacks and minorities were won in court not congress.  The judicial branch put some teeth in civil rights enforcement, but it didn't write the laws. The laws came about because of the outcry from the North.
Again, no one redefined marriage  Oh sure, I guess absolutely nothing has changed and only couples of opposite-sex people can get marriage benefits in NY, huh? Sorry, but by making the standard to give such benefits out more open-ended, the institution from the legal sense HAS been redefined (for NY, anyway). That's just reality. Why not just call a what quacks and waddles a "duck" rather than anything else you can? You want to redefine the institution from where it now stands.
Should the majority be able to override the minority's Constitutional rights?   If what the minority is claiming to be a right isn't really a right to begin with (and so their really seeking a special right), then yes.
Could you please show me the legal document in existence prior to the last 2 years that defines marriage as only between a man and a woman in the first place?   Enforcing section 1 of ammendment XIV is not making new law, it is upholding an already existing constitutional right.  Your wish is my command:  The Defense of Marriage Act / Public Law 104-199 ..... SEC. 3. DEFINITION OF MARRIAGE.  (a) IN GENERAL- Chapter 1 of title 1, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following:  `Sec. 7. Definition of `marriage' and `spouse'  `In determining the meaning of any Act of Congress, or of any ruling, regulation, or interpretation of the various administrative bureaus and agencies of the United States, the word `marriage' means only a legal union between one man and one woman as husband and wife, and the word `spouse' refers only to a person of the opposite sex who is a husband or a wife.'.  Like I said, the judge tried to rewrite current law. THAT'S judicial activism.
Again, no one redefined marriage, the dispute was who is entitled, under the constitution to be protected by the existing law. The courts ruled that everyone regardless of sexual orientation should be protected under the EXISTING LAW. To do any differently would be to create second class citizens. That was the ruling.  If you'd stop stealing language from bush and read the case, you would get it.  And if you'd read the Defense of Marriage Act, YOU'D get it. emoticon_rolleyes
And when they rule against gay equality, it is the result of anti-gay activists organizations and special interests lobbying judges?  They're not ruling against gay equality, they're ruling that marriage doesn't pertain to same-sex couples, especially since the 1996 DOMA reaffirmed the definition of marriage for ALL legislation in the US to mean 1 man/1 woman. Period.
Should the majority be able to override the minority's Constitutional rights? Only if I am not the minority and it's not my rights, I suppose. Imaginary Constitutional rights don't count. Just because one NY judge says you have the right, doesn't make it so. If you recall, the Florida Supreme court thought it had the right to change Florida election law......and they were wrong in doing so. The "fat lady" hasn't sung until the NY ruling is upheld by the SCOTUS or until Congress says so.  Yes, you only want the right-wing Republicans to be judges, when it suits your special interest which is anti-gay rights.  I'd settle for judges that have read and understand their function within the Constitutional Framework. emoticon_rolleyes
I find it hard to believe that a person who appears to be as intelligent as you really thinks DOMA has any authority over laws internal to a state, in this case, New York. DOMA defines marriage for federal purposes.  This leads me to the conclusion that you are being intentionally dishonest.  After reading your post, I went back and parsed the DOMA in its entirty and you are correct. It does only apply to Federal statutes, agencies, bureaus, etc., and NOT state statutes.
The single judge in the NYC case was elected to office and will face reelection. In other cases where the constitutionality of laws barring same-sex marriage have been considered -- almost all of which were decided for same-sex marriage , by the way -- sometimes the judges were elected, sometimes they held lifelong appointments. In most cases, the courts leaned to the right, by both appointment and temperment.  You can keep chanting the "liberal activist judge" mantra, but it's getting old and lame. Well, it's always been lame...  Did I say that the NY SC judge was a liberal activist judge or that "The problem is that a single, non-elected judge, appointed for life, can legislate by themselves from the bench....and that's wrong, IMO. "  Personally, it matter not one iota whether it's a liberal or conservative judge that practices judicial activism, it's just plain wrong, IMO.
 in a clear concession that gay rights ARE constitutional -- try to amend the Constitution.  Pretty cowardly and dishonest, IMO, especially for those who have sworn to uphold the Constitution.  You probably sound a lot like those who opposed the 19th Amendment at the time. It protected women and gave them the right to vote. An FMA will protect marriage as an institution. you can't argue against an amendment based on the fact that the constitution doesn't allow for it to begin with.
:p   Sorry to have chimed in so late here, but as I was reading the posts throughout this thread some stood out.   Firstly, extending a definition is not re-defining anything. It leaves the original definition intact while extending the definition to include other applications of the word.   Marriage for heterosexuals is still between one man and one woman, but it is now being extended to include homosexuals and what those citizens would choose as two men and/or two women.   You keep yours, we'll take ours. No re-defining needed. Then let's further extend the definition to: one man, two women; two women, three men; three men, seven women. The sky's the limit. All we have to do is just tack on addendums like you propose. emoticon_rolleyes
How on earth is demanding EQUAL ACCESS to rights of which you have obviously taken for granted in anyway SPECIAL?   How is it special for blacks to be allowed to attend racially mixed schools, or for racially mixed couples to marry because THEY CHOOSE TO, or for women to say "NO?"  Is it "Special" for physically disabled to have parking spaces closer to exits, or require elevators in public buildings with more than one floor, or require a ramp to the post office doors? YES  Is it special for children who come from low income families to be allowed to attend public schools for reduced or waved fees? YES  Is it special for those who cannot afford to retain a lawyer to be appointed one by the courts for criminal cases? YES  NO  These are laws which LEVEL the playing field and make life more EQUAL!  Life, the quality their of, that is what is being argued here. The pursuit of happiness, individual and as a couple/family is what we are talking about.  Not who gets more crutons on their salad!  They don't level the playing field. They clearly give special treatment. You're probably the first person who has ever tried to argue that AA isn't preferrential treatment. (Most argue that it's preferrential, but necessary based on past injustice. ) emoticon_rolleyes
In the end there are so many cases against Homosexual Unions, and very few cases for their "Marriage". Other than "We are denying them the right". Which I've already explained in other posts is untrue, since Marriage defined by the church is a union between a man and a woman.  This argument is played out, and very simple. Homosexuals can never get 'married'. Just as Humans will never be Zebras. Its two very different animals. Maybe they can get Civil Unions, or Joint unions where they can enjoy some of the same benefits. But not Marriage.
How would not allowing two gays to marry, and allowing two straights to marry, have any affect, positive or negative, on polygamy? Both straight and gay couples marrying would have an EQUAL affect, whatever that affect would be. That is, if there is an affect at all.  You have one group having marriage who are straight, and one group having marriage who are gay. Why do you think the gay group specifically will lead to polygamy, but the straight group will not? Why should we stop the gay marriage but not the straight marriage, when dealing with polygamy?  I wasn't claiming that gay marriage would lead to polygamy. What I was arguing with was the logic behind the statement that it wouldn't be a redefining of marriage only an addition to the definition. Logically, if adding to the definition of marriage is acceptable, then we should be able to add other groups to the definition as addendums as well.  Do you see the logical argument that I'm trying to make?
AA?  Alcoholics Anonymous?   Um, don't know what post you've been reading.  AA = Affirmative Action. emoticon_rolleyes
Why not? There is no objective reasoning why not. Polygamy isn't intrinsically bad. Allowing only polygamy, and not Polygany, and allowing FORCED and unequal polgamy is wrong. Not the actual instituation. There are many reasons why polygamy was outlawed. Like it or not, our laws are based on a Christian morality. And Christian doctrine teaches that marriage is the union between one man and one woman. Now you may not like that fact, even though the majority of Americans do consider themselves Christians, so feel free to change the laws with the consent of the governed. Ah, therein lies the rub. The "governed" believe overwhelmingly in the Christian definition of marriage.  Who cares if 3 women want to get married to 3 other women. It's none of your business bubba. There really isn't a good reason why brothers and sisters cannot get married, as long as they don't have sex or get operations. If there is an "accident" child, which is highly unlikely in those circumstances, you can always get an abortion, since a Fetus isn't a moral person.  It's really none of my business if some pervert molests somebody else's kid, either, when you come right down to it, huh? Or if someone wants to kill their newborn baby because they don't like the color of its eyes. These don't affect me, so they shouldn't concern me, is that your position? Sorry, but I don't buy it. Unless you live on a deserted island, there are certain sociatal norms that need to be followed in order for you to live in that society. In India and parts of Asia, if you have to relieve yourself, you cop a squat by the side of the road and do your business. Try that in the US and you'll get arrested and thrown in jail. Why? Because US society has established differing norms of behavior than India and Asia and we accept those norms.  This is really a very simple concept and the government ought not prevent or redfine what is irrelevant with which to begin. Marriage is highly relevant. Just ask Anna Nicole Smith or Donald Trump's new wife how relevant it is. :)  Marriage OUGHT to be a union among consentual adults for mutual benefit. That's it, period. None of this other nonsense. That's not the definition that our society with its Christian background accepts or condones.   Lets turn this around and use basic logic. Pretend that the imaginary definition was:   Marriage is a union between a woman and a woman or a man and a man.  Following your logic, heterosexuals have exactly the same ability to access this right to marriage as do homosexuals. However, your logic fails, because it's not possible, nor reasonable to force heterosexuals into a homosexual relationship or face the alternative: nothing. OH NO, the Heterosexuals want unequal treatment! BOOOO. Marry the Fags, you all have the same right! Your concession is accepted.  OK, I'll take your argument apart in pieces. 1. What would be the purpose of defining marriage as a homosexual only union? It is anti-biological and an intelligent species understands the need to procreate. 2. If heterosexual marriage was illegal, heterosexuals would live together, have kids and continue on their merry way. They wouldn't be forced to marry a same sex partner any more than gays are forced to marry opposite partners now. They could simply carry on their heterosexual relationship unencumbered just as gays can do today. Your logic doesn't hold up to scrutiny.  The institutions are not equal if it only allows you to marry people to whom you have no biological connection. YOu fail to comprehend the ability to have a RIghT. To have a right, you must have reasonable access and ability to exercize that Right. Marriage, being a Universal Human Right, is not equally accessible through a mechanism to homosexuals, for it's not biologically sound to force a homosexual to choose between heterosexuals or nothing. First, marriage is not a Universal Human Right. There are many instances in which marriage is prohibited. It isn't an absolute. Secondly, marriage is defined as one man, one woman. Your attempt to redefine it as something that it hasn't been in Christian societies, since at least the 13th Century, is to argue a "right" based on a fallacy. Just as I can't claim that I don't have to pay income taxes because I'm redefining "Native American" as someone born in America, you have to meet certain criteria to become part of a married couple. It's OK to not meet the criteria, it just means that you can't enjoy the benefits of that group, just like I can't enjoy the benefits of being a Native American because I don't meet the criteria for that group.   It's wrong to only allow Heterosexuals to marry, and not have an easily accessible, sound mechanism for other Humans, especially when you have no business telling them what they can and cannot do in their private, consentual life.  Marriage was initially established to protect children and provide for their welfare as well as establish certain rights for the mother with respect to her husband's assets, progeny, etc.,  None of these benefits were intended for same-sex couples because same-sex couples were considered a perversion of nature at the time that our laws were established. So, once again I say, if you want same sex marriage, you have to change sociatal norms and make it acceptable to the masses. That's the way social mores change in a modern society.
Why not? There is no objective reasoning why not. Polygamy isn't intrinsically bad. Allowing only polygamy, and not Polygany, and allowing FORCED and unequal polgamy is wrong. Not the actual instituation.  Who cares if 3 women want to get married to 3 other women. It's none of your business bubba. There really isn't a good reason why brothers and sisters cannot get married, as long as they don't have sex or get operations. If there is an "accident" child, which is highly unlikely in those circumstances, you can always get an abortion, since a Fetus isn't a moral person.  For one, it would be a bueracratic nightmare for the govt. regarding giving of benefits. If we get the to point where polygamy is a recognized form of marriage by the govt., the govt. may as well just find a way to give those rights out regardless of marriage. Maybe that's not a bad idea anyway.  Marriage OUGHT to be a union among consentual adults for mutual benefit. That's it, period. None of this other nonsense.  For now that's your preferred definition. It HAS been a consenting man and consenting woman. What will be the next step after what you are asking for?
Unless you live on a deserted island, there are certain sociatal norms that need to be followed in order for you to live in that society. In India and parts of Asia, if you have to relieve yourself, you cop a squat by the side of the road and do your business. Try that in the US and you'll get arrested and thrown in jail. Why? Because US society has established differing norms of behavior than India and Asia and we accept those norms.  Yet another example of how there are plenty of acceptable restrictions on human behavior even when that behavior does not constitute harm.  The bottom line of gay marriage is that is institutionalizes an illicit and taboo sort of "relationship." All else aside, that's the bottom line, regadless of legal arguments. No wonder people want to amend the constitution to prevent it.
I do not wonder why people want to amend the Constitution to prevent it, but I am also aware that they are committing a morally evil act whether they realize it or not. Committing a "morally evil act" depends on one's perspective. From a pro-gay perspective, I can see your point, but from a Christian perspective, they would consider homosexuality to be a "morally evil act" and cite you chapter and verse from the Bible supporting their position. In this instance, the "evil" depends very much on your frame of reference.   Certainly there are a set of social norms that must be accepted to live in a society; I do not doubt that one bit. But if somewhere were to try to make the claim that the norms of society are never morally evil, I would refer them to countless societies in history which did hold morally evil norms. When a society has norms which are social evil, and all probably do, the people are forced to follow those norms, this is true. But we, as a society, have the same responsibility not to be evil that anyone else does. We have the responsibility to realize that our norms are evil and change those norms accordingly. As I stated above, the "evil" depends on whose ox is being gored.  The idea that we should disallow same-sex marriage simply because it is a norm in society implies that we do not have a reason to deny same-sex marriage except for the norms of the society. If society has no reason to deny some particular group of people freedom or equality, if society is willing to grant people benefits that elevate them over others for no reason, that society is imposing tyranny and it is morally evil for doing so. That does not mean it cannot be a morally good society in other ways, but doing much good does not make it okay to commit any amount of evil.  Those who argue against gay marriage have reasons for opposing it and they are precisely the same arguments that you're raising in favor of it. As a gay person, you see allowing gay marriage as a moral benefit to society. Your opposition sees gay marriage as being morally bad for society. What you are calling tyranny, many consider defending societal morality.  The gap is wide right now and I only see compromise in the future. IMO, in order for gays to receive the benefits of married couples, they'll have to accept the term civil unions. Many Christians are willing to support that compromise, but they aren't willing to undergo a redefining of marriage. In that respect, I also hold that opinion. I could live with civil unions, but I'd fight gay marriage.
What's the next step after it is a man and a woman?  That IS marriage. Now that it's being redefined, who knows where it's going.
This suggests that marriage is static, or frozen in time. That's not true. Simply because it changes one way, does not mean it will change in a totally different way.  Cultural, or legal?  Again, we need to remember that cultural marriage (a ceremony, commitment between a man and woman in love) is the marriage, and the only role the govt. plays is giving of benefits for it. The govt. role isn't the marriage, it's the recognition of the marriage.  It's true that different cultures and periods of time viewed marriage differently. Centuries ago marriage was an aquisition of a wife by a man--women were treated as a glorified form of property. But it could be argued that even then, the one thread through the centuries of marriage is the man/woman dynamic. This should not surprise us, because early on procreation would have set that standard. One could also argue that historical cases of gay relationships were not really marriages, as marriage has pretty much been considered to refer to man/woman relationships.  With that said, we also need to note that benefits as given by the govt. in the U.S. did not take place early on at all. So really, marriage benefits given by the govt. is a fairly recent pehnomenon. Personally, I think it could have been a grave mistake this country made in doing that, because it has opened the door to the possibility of every sort of odd-pairing of couples and groups to start claiming they want in on these benefits that are for marriages.
This suggests that marriage is static, or frozen in time. That's not true. Simply because it changes one way, does not mean it will change in a totally different way.  the definition of marriage as one woman, one man has been around at least since the 13th Century. I'd say it's a fairly static definition. emoticon_rolleyes
Your personal morality is not my personal morality. It's not the government's job to impose one religious belief, to trump other people's rights. My gay marriage affects no one else's marriage, whatsoever. Compromise? Give me a break! Certain Christians are not making any compromise when they are giving nothing up.  You have no gay marriage unless you live in one of the places that recognizes such. It doesn't matter if my morality is your morality. My laws are your laws. And yes, civil unions would be a compromise. Many people don't want to grant even that. Just look at the state ballot initiatives.
Riiiight. That's why in some places it's two persons, and in other places a man can have more than one wife.  Well, I can only assume that you're being deliberately obtuse since you are well aware that our laws are based on Christian morals held by our forefathers. Christian beliefs that defined marriage as one man, one woman in the 13th Century or earlier.
And if the Constitution does not allow for discrimination, regardless of morality, my Constitution is your Constitution. Yep and neither says that gay marriage is protected. ;)  A compromise on the rights of gay people, no one else. You'd be getting a right that you don't currently have. I'd call that a compromise.  Oh, thank you so much. How "white" of you. You wish to extend only partial equality, and the darn minorities don't appreciate that.  Partial equality? I don't think so. If civil unions embody all of the rights and privledges as hetero marriage sans the term "marriage", how are they partial rights? emoticon_confused
Laws have not stayed the same since the 13th century or earlier.  The definition of marriage has. That's what we're talking about, right?
Really? So the definition of a marriage wasn't a contract laid out by power hungry rulers attempting to subjegate land and people? WOW, so where exactly did "arranged marriages" come from then?   It had little to do with who the participants were rather than their motives for doing such.   Or maybe we should go back a bit further to biblical times: There appears to be strong same sex relationships in the Bible; one between Ruth and Naomi (Ruth says to Naomi, 'May nothing but death separate us'). These are words used in wedding ceremonies, and the other relationship is between David and Jonathan. The Bible states that David's love for Jonathan was greater than his love for women. Ruth is said to have cleaved to Naomi. This word is also used in Genesis regarding how a husband should relate to his wife.  Not to mention that later on David wound up having SEVEN WIVES!!!!   Where's the "one man and one woman" idea there? Hmmm...  Don't even try that line with me because you and I know perfectly well that is just isn't true.  Interesting. Weren't you the one arguing against the Bible in the thread about the stupid song thread? Clever of you, but a wise man once said that it's inpossible to have both feet firmly planted on the groung if you're straddling the fence. emoticon_rolleyes  But, since you want to use the Bible to support your assertion, I'm sure you won't mind others using the Bible to refute them. Ever read Genesis? Are you familiar with Sodom and Gomorrah and their fate? emoticon_wow
It's not full and equal recognition. Separate but equal is never equal.  It shouldn't be equal recognition. It doesn't meet the definition of marriage. Period.
And that's the entire problem right there in a nutshell. The definition is simply too narrow and needs to be expanded upon.  In your opinion.....other opinions may vary.
If the sin was homosexuality and not something else, God has strange judgment according to the Bible. I mean, he saved Lot after Lot offered up his own daughters to be raped. Lot also had sex with both his own daughters, who thus had sons who founded nations. Lot was described as a "righteous man" in the New Testament.  Ah, one must have an understanding of the customs and mores of the time. When you accepted a visitor into your house, you were morally responsible for their well-being. Lot was demonstrating his righteousness by offering the crowd his daughters so that they would leave his charges alone. This certainly isn't something that would occur today, but it did demonstrate his devotion.
Both. Culturally, it used to be about property, and only recently was based on love. Legally, there have been restrictions based on religion or lack of religion, and race. Legal divorce was not available.  But the one constant is that it's always been between a man and woman.
In your view God chose to destroy the culture where men kiss one another,   I'm pretty sure it was quite a bit more than that.  but spare the culture where men offer their daughters to be raped? He saved the man who offered his own daughters to be raped and had sex with them himself, but destroyed the man who had sex with another man?  Sex with them himself? No. And read the story carefully--the destruction came on Sodom and Gommorah after a long time of debauchery.  Be aware that there's no indication that God was pleased with the fact that Lot was going to turn his daughters over to them--in fact his angels (the two strangers) didn't do what he offered at all.
As a matter of fact, neither the Constitution nor the Bill of Rights say anything about marriage at all. They do say, however, that any right not specifically barred by them, are granted to the states or "to the people". And in those states in which gay marriage was put to a vote, it went down in flames. Seems to me that "the people" have spoken.  Correct, we would be allowed a right currently denied to us. However, this right is NOT denied by the Constitution. It's a right denied to you because you don't meet the criteria. Just like AA doesn't apply to me because I'm a white male. Hey, maybe I should force the courts to redefine "minority" to include white males. emoticon_rolleyes   Would you be willing to accept your hetero union as a "civil union" only, "sans the term "marriage"", for purposes of legality?  No, I meet the criteria for that one, so I get to "pass GO and collect $200". :)
And in most states where it has been ruled upon according to that state's constitution, the right to same-sex marriage has been upheld by the courts. The COURTS have spoken.   Where do you get the inane concept that "rights" are subject to a popoular vote?  Where do you get the idea that it's a "right" that has been voted on? We're talking about same-sex marriage.  Our nation isn't ruled by courts. Ours is a govt. by the people and for the people.
Not as bad as what Lot did, at any rate.  I am not incorrect. Lot DID indeed have sex with both his daughters. Please read Genesis 19:33-36. You don't know your Bible.  So if he was stone drunk and didn't know what was going on, why are you trying to blame him for it?  ("and he perceived not")
I never indicated that it SHOULD be voted on. It is you and your ilk that incorrectly presume you have the right by majority vote to deny rights.  Our nation is goverened by the Constitution. It is SCOTUS responsibility to decide Constitutional issues.  I don't know how many times this has to be said before it sinks in . . .  The idea that same-sex marriage is a right is YOUR opinion. Right now a court in New York agrees with you for that one state. Massachusetts may or may not continue agreeing with you. That's about it.   For now, everytime you automatically say it's a right or assume it is, you are just expressing your opinion, and a very debatable one at that. So when you ask a question such as "why are you trying to deny my rights", it's like asking someone why they beat their wife--in other words the very premise of the question or assertion is unproven.
HA, HA, HA, HA! I could have predicted someone whould say that. He preceived enough to be able to get them pregnant! Unless he had divine help in that. Don't blame him? Since when is drunkeness a valid excuse?  Tell that to Ted Kennedy . . .  Come on, if someone got a person drunk enough, they could make them think they were someone else, for that matter! Regardless, it seems the more serious sin was by the daughters.  Also, we could look at this another way. God was ready to destroy all the gay people of Soddom and Gommorah. He hadn't quite gotten to that point with Lot. Where does that put homosexual sex in the list? Pretty bad stuff.
It has been proven a dozen times over on this board that by law, marriage is a civil right.  Yes, marriage IS a civil right. But what gay people do is not marriage, but rather a same-sex relationship. The only way to make same sex-relationships fall under marriage is to change the definition or standard of marriage to not just be about opposite-gender couples but open it up to other things.  Marriage is a basic civil right (loving vs Viriginia)  But the Loving case was about a man and woman getting together, not same-gender people. Of course the Loving case found marriage to be a civil right--that doesn't mean what gay people are doing is a civil right.
NOWHERE in the Scriptures does it say that the sin of Sodom and Gomorrah was homosexual sex. Even if the specific point of the story was concerning a sexual matter, rather than hospitality, the issue is rape not homosexuality. Jesus claimed the issue was simply one of showing hospitality to strangers (Luke 10:12). How ironic that those who discriminate against homosexuals seem to be the true practitioners of the sin of Sodom.  In verses 4 and 5 of chapter 19, all the men from every part of the city came and surrounded the house and told Lot to send out the two visiting men so they could have sex with them.   Men wanting to have sex with men. All the men if the city.  I don't know how you could come to any other conclusion other than this is homosexuality. God wanted to destroy the whole city.  You have to try a lot harder to show that the story doesn't reflect badly on homosexuality, than if you accept the obvious: that it does. Agree or not with the text, at least be honest about what it says.
Dude, Get a grip here. You are clutching at straws.   No, rather it's the gist of why so many people oppose gay marriage in this country. They know that what gay people do isn't really marriage. Marriage is between a man and a woman.  You are seeking to change that.
Since it says in the OT that every male--not some, every male, "young and old"--showed up at Lot's place wanting to "know" his visitors, that must mean that, by literalist/homophobe definition, Sodom was entirely composed of gay men.   Think of it--a Biblical reference to an entirely gay city! Forget San Francisco. Forget West Hollywood. Sodom had to have topped 'em all, because every male in the whole friggin' place was gay! Right? I mean, you guys say that's why the place was leveled, because behavior=orientation,  Actually I would not limit their sin to homosexual behavior, but would say it was a lot of things. Inhospitality (as someone else pointed out), rape, adultery, etc. I doubt their sin was limited to gay sex. But surely you must be aware that the old King James translation used "know" to describe sexual relations in a number of places--but that doesn't mean the word captures the original Hebrew very well. "Know" has a much less sexual meaning in English. The Bible also describes a man having sex with a woman as "he went in unto her;" I suppose if we drop that "literalist/homophobe" sort of translation as you call it, we might as well be talking about a man going into the same room as a woman. Let's be realistic--Lot himself describes what they want to do ("know" them) as a wicked thing. It's hard to imagine anyone reading this passage and not recognizing their intentions: they wanted to have sex with the visitors who looked like men.  No, the sin of Soddom wasn't just homosexual relations--that was just one of them.
oh and do tell mr know it all,  what is it gay people do and how is it different from a marriage. You say that gays and lesbians CAN get married less the certificate. So on one hand you are saying gays can have a marriage, now you are flip flopping to say it is not a marriage.   You can make a commitment. That's for sure. You can call that a marriage if you want.
That is not what you said two posts ago....what is the deal with you. Can't keep your story staight? (pun intended)  Lets remind you of your posts.....  Like I said, you can call it a marriage.
What I see you attempting to do is to confuse the issue of same-sex marriage by throwing out other potential, hypothetical, "what if" possibilities. That is akin to arguing that the right to keep and bear arms will lead to individuals having their own atomic bombs.   Let each issue stand on it's own. If you wish to argue for or against the other possibilities, fine. But this forum is about gay rights, not polygamy rights, nor incest rights, nor the right to marry a minor.   Stick with the issue at hand.  What we're discussing is redefining the millenium old meaning of the word marriage. I don't think that a discussion about what the precedence of doing so would lead to is off topic. If a thousand year old definition of marriage can't stand, what makes you think that a new redefinition would be able to?
And in most states where it has been ruled upon according to that state's constitution, the right to same-sex marriage has been upheld by the courts. The COURTS have spoken.   Where do you get the inane concept that "rights" are subject to a popoular vote? From the same Crackerjack Box that you got the notion that gay marriage was a protected right, I guess. :)   So you admit that it is a right and it is being denied? Of course its a right being denied, but it's a right that didn't apply to you in the first place. I'm being denied the right to not pay income tax because I'm not 1/8 Native American, but you don't see me whining about it. emoticon_rolleyes   No one "forces" the courts to do anything. They don't even have to consider a case if they so chose. They don't even have to say why they refuse to consider it.  If you wish to be condisered as part of a "minority", go for it. No one is stopping you.  I wouldn't even contemplate it because I'm a big boy and understands that I can't have everything that I want in life. emoticon_rolleyes   Is that how you view denying people their rights? Is it just some game to you to play with peoples lives because you feel you can? It makes you sound like a selfish child.  I'm not denying anybody their rights because you didn't have the right in the first place. Before someone can take something from you, you have to possess something to take. You have a null set of marriage rights. What's to take? emoticon_confused
I'm not straddling any fence. There are two arguments here of which I am well versed in both. Both arguments are of the same general subject, both arguments are fairly weak in their opposition to allowing same sex marriages. One thread is dealing with the legality and this one has strayed into the rhelm of the biblical.   Oh darling, I am well versed in the whole Soddam and Gomorrah sham too. Here let me explain:  Genesis 19 describes how two angels visited Sodom and were welcomed into Lot's house. The men of the city gathered around the house and demanded that Lot send the visitors to the mob so that they might know the angels. [The Hebrew verb yada (to know) is ambiguous. It appears 943 times in the Hebrew Scriptures (Old Testament). In only about a dozen of these cases does it refers to sexual activity; it is not clear whether the mob wanted to rape the angels or to meet with them, and perhaps attack them physically. From the context, it is obvious that their mood was not friendly]. Lot refused, but offered his two virgin daughters to be heterosexually raped if that would appease the mob. The offer was declined. God decided to destroy the city because of the wickedness of its inhabitants. The angels urged Lot and his family to flee and to not look back. Unfortunately, Lot's wife looked the wrong way, so God killed her because of her curiosity.  God was apparently not critical of Lot for offering his two daughters to be raped. However, God was angry at the other inhabitants of the town. He destroyed Sodom with fire and brimstone (sulfur). He presumably killed all of the men in the mob, their wives and other adults, as well as children, infants, newborns, etc. It is unclear from these few verses whether God demolished the city because the citizens:   1. were uncharitable and abusive to strangers  2. wanted to rape people  3. engaged in homosexual acts.   The Church has traditionally accepted the third explanation. In fact, the term sodomy which means anal intercourse is derived from the name of the city, Sodom. But the first explanation is clearly the correct one. As recorded in Matthew 10:14-15 and Luke 10:7-16, Jesus implied that the sin of the people of Sodom was to be inhospitable to strangers. In Ezekeiel 16:48-50, God states clearly that he destroyed Sodom's sins because of their pride, their excess of food while the poor and needy suffered, and worshiped many idols; sexual activity is not even mentioned.      Jude disagreed with God; he wrote that Sodom's sins were sexual in nature. Various biblical translations describe the sin as fornication, going after strange flesh, sexual immorality, perverted sensuality, homosexuality, lust of every kind, immoral acts and unnatural lust; you can take your pick. We are faced with the inescapable and rather amusing conclusion that the condemned activities in Sodom had nothing to do with sodomy.  The story of Sodom and Gomorrah actually condemns inhospitality and idolatry, not homosexuality. Read the Scriptural cross-references: Deuteronomy 29:23, Isaiah 1:9, Jeremiah 23:14, Lamentations 4:6, Ezekiel 16:49-50, Amos 4:11, Zephaniah 2:9, Matthew 10:15 / Luke 10:12, Luke 17:29, Romans 9:29, Jude v.7, Revelation 11:8   NOWHERE in the Scriptures does it say that the sin of Sodom and Gomorrah was homosexual sex. Even if the specific point of the story was concerning a sexual matter, rather than hospitality, the issue is rape not homosexuality. Jesus claimed the issue was simply one of showing hospitality to strangers (Luke 10:12). How ironic that those who discriminate against homosexuals seem to be the true practitioners of the sin of Sodom.  Oh really?!   "Now this was the sin of your sister Sodom: she and her daughters were arrogant, overfed and unconcerned; they did not help the poor and needy. They were haughty and did detestable things before Me. Therefore I did away with them as you have seen" (Ezekiel 16:49-50).   And there were also sodomites in the land: and they did according to all the abominations of the nations which the LORD cast out before the children of Israel. 1 Kings 14:24   26 For this cause God gave them up unto vile affections: for even their women did change the natural use into that which is against nature:  27 And likewise also the men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burned in their lust one toward another; men with men working that which is unseemly, and receiving in themselves that recompence of their error which was meet. Romans 1:26-27    17 There shall be no whore of the daughters of Israel, nor a sodomite of the sons of Israel. Deuteronomy 23:17   I can't believe that you would attempt to make such an insane assertion. Clearly, God was speaking about homosexual sex, but I'm not surprised that you left out the most unambiguous scriptural references. emoticon_rolleyes
Excellent post. I have often found it sad, predictable and amusing that men would fail to note that there is far more sexual perversion in rape than homosexuality. Sex is supposed to a loving, enjoyable thing - not a weapon to do harm.  As someone who has recently read the Bible in its entirty, don't you find it a bit disengenuous of JustineCredible to neglect the most damning of all scriptural references?
If we deny you something, it doesn't mean you had it to start. Women were denied the right to vote and fought to have that right. Because they didn't have it and others did.  Blacks wer not allowed to serve on a jury, so if a black man was convicted of a crime. Only whites would be his peers. They fought and won in the supreme court, the right to serve on a jury. A right they didn't have others did.  I think you may have not thought this statement all the way thourgh before making it.  Are we aguing semantics now? I thought the topic was gay marriage...as I have been reminded numerous times. :)
Don't you know, Joe? "Marriage" doesn't refer to commitment. (What dictionary are you reading, for heaven's sake?) "Marriage" means "penis + vagina." (Makes you feel all warm inside, doesn't it?  Marriage may not mean "penis & vagina" but it takes one of each for it to apply. :)  And it it meant "commitment", then I guess I'm married to my house because I have a 15 year commitment to pay for it. That's longer than most marriages. emoticon_rolleyes
Nice diversion, but you should answer the posts. You are wrong. You do not need to have had a right to be denied a right. That was your assertion and I proved you wrong. Same topic, I just used examples. All of which made the point you are trying to divert from.  Fine. If you want to get pedantic, the right was denied, but it never existed for gays in the first place. So for now on I'll say "taken away" instead of denied. Will that make you feel any better? emoticon_rolleyes
Marriage may not mean "penis & vagina" but it takes one of each for it to apply. :)  But JP, don't you know that being a woman or being a man is only about their genitals??? emoticon_rolleyes   Some people seem to think gender is only about their private parts, I suppose.
The word "know" does NOT only mean to have had sexual intercourse.   Justine, stop trying to put words in my mouth. I never said it had to "ONLY" mean sex when it's used in the Bible. But in the context of Genesis 19, it's obvious that "know" as used there means sexual relations. The use of "know" in the passage is just as much an inadequacy of 1611 King James english translation as anything.  I just don't buy into the claptrap, centuries old, of two unearthly beings comming down from the sky and walking into some old dude's house just to put their hosts family in such danger of a completely gay city!   No one is forcing you to believe it. That's your choice.
Are you taking lessons from jyoshu on speaking out of both sides of your mouth? First you say: "Of course its a right being denied", then you say:"I'm not denying anybody their rights ".  That's odd--I seriously doubt that JP himself has prevented you from getting married. The only thing that is happening is that the govt. doesn't give you benefits for any marriage you may have that isn't between a man and woman. That's ALL that happening. Nobody is stopping you from entering a chapel or having a personal cermony at your home or park or wherever and getting married. You just aren't getting marriage benefits.  But if you want to make a "marriage" commitment, no one is stopping you.
What do YOU call a same-sex, legal marriage that has taken place in the State (ooops) Commonwealth of Massachusetts?  It's a legal marriage.
So, now you, the GREAT DEFENDER of the Constitution, calls the Constitution a "Crackerjack Box". emoticon_rolleyes We've been through this debate over the Constitution before in another thread. You want to use the Constitution like you use the Bible; an a la carte menu to suit your own prejudices. The Constitution doesn't define marriage. It was assumed to be one man, one woman and was the only definition that our forefathers knew.  Are you taking lessons from jyoshu on speaking out of both sides of your mouth? First you say: "Of course its a right being denied", then you say:"I'm not denying anybody their rights ". emoticon_rolleyes   Reread what I wrote. "Their rights" means rights that they already possess. Gays don't possess marriage rights so it can't be "THEIR" rights. There's no ambiqguity in my statement, but thanks for playing. emoticon_rolleyes   "Before someone can take something from you, you have to possess something to take."Duh!?!?!?!?! Suppose I am a black man in 1955 and I want to buy a house in a white neighborhood. I can't. I am denied that right by racist, prejudicial people. According to you, I never had the right to buy a home there to begin with, so no rights are being denied. emoticon_rolleyes Or, compare your illogic to Loving vs Virginia. Or Roe vs Wade. So I see we're back on the semantics argument again. Feel fre to substitute "denied" for taken away in my sentences. Will that make you happy? As an aside, prior to a lot of legislation aimed at predudicial practices in housing, you didn't have the right to buy any house you wanted. That came in the 60's IIRC.   Do you have any idea how hypocritical you are? No, tell me oh sage one. emoticon_rolleyes   I don't think you are 1/8 Native America. You are more like a "white man speaks with forked tongue." But if I get a sympathetic judge to change the definition of Native American, I wouldn't need to be. Just like you wouldn't have to marry a member of the opposite sex if marriage was redefined, eh? Can you say "touche' "? :)
This is where you show your true colors, or lack thereof:   Try reading this; http://bible.crosswalk.com/Dictionaries/BakersEvangelicalDictionary/bed.cgi?number=T414   Guess what?   AS USUAL...YOU ARE WRONG!  The word "know" does NOT only mean to have had sexual intercourse. The problem is in how the word, "yada" is translated and interpreted.  I seriously doubt those who "know" God have had sexual relations with God. Nor when someone asks if another "knows" a mutual aquaintence that there is any inference of one having had sexual relations with the other.   How is it we "know" the interpretation of the usage of the word in reference to the men of the city of Sodom wanted to "know" the angles by way of having sex with them?  Aren't Catholics taught that angels have no sexual organs? So, to "know" the angles would be impossible, if the visitors were actually angels..right?  So, wouldn't it be more likely that the men of the city of Sodom wanted to "know" the angles by way of seeing that the angles had no sexual organs and thereby "knowing" for sure that they were what Lot claimed?  But of course no one bothers to question the typical translation and interpretation of the meaning and usage of the word in regards to this story.  This bothers me to know end.   Not to mention that the stories of Sodom were written centuries after the fact, and that story retention at the time consisted of oral histories, isn't it more likely that the story was influenced by political views of the tellers within the historical epochs of which they were told and retold?   I just don't buy into the claptrap, centuries old, of two unearthly beings comming down from the sky and walking into some old dude's house just to put their hosts family in such danger of a completely gay city!   It's just not believable in my book.   OH no, she's at it again. Didn't you get thumped with the Bible enough last night?! emoticon_rolleyes  You attempted to cite scripture in your behalf and then got in over your head. So now, the only thing left is to discredit the book that you based your argument on in the first place. Beautious! You're my hero, JustinCredulous. :) emoticon_rolleyes
Thank you Jitobear.  It's true, I do not claim to be Christian. I personally have found there to be too many contradictions in the Christian Bible for me to comfortably follow such a religion without constantly questioning it's integrety. I would, however, more appropriately call myself contendedly agnostic. If I am shown indisputable evidence I am more that willing to admit I may have been wrong. I have a very hard time simply believing in the unseen.  I am not saying, nor have I ever inferred as such, that I'm not willing to lend my belief where warrented. I want to believe that there is a "greater good", but until I know for sure, I will not go along without questioning.  I personally believe that if there is a God, He created me with a brain in order to question my surroundings, learn and eventually be able to teach others. Again, if there is a God, I would hope that like any "parent" he would want me to use what intellegence I have been given, not to waste it on following the guy in front of me because it was the easier thing to do, but rather to follow my heart, question my surroundings and find out for myself how things work and if possible how to improve things for myself and others.   I view the whole Gay Marriage issue as one of those instances where my voice, my personal interest and my efforts can make a change for the better not only for myself but for others in a similar situation..i.e. other gays and lesbians.  I feel that in doing so also sets an example for my child, to fight against tyrrany and descrimination. To set an example that these things should never be tollerated for any group or individual, let alone ones' own self. One must respect themself before being able to show others how to do the same.  This to me is a more "christian" thing to do. (Please note the lower case "c" in "christian" as to denote the ideal not the religion.)   The use of a small "c" in Christian is offensive. You use a capital "G" for gay marriage, but a small "c" on Christian. And why would we expect anything different from you? You, madam, are a hypocrite. You attempted to use the Bible to make a point, which was proven to be inaccurate, then you attacked the Bible as being full of contradictions and lacking proof. Then you follow that with a claim to be an agnostic. Tell me, why did you cite the Bible in the first place if it is a book that means nothing to you? Did you do a little research on a gay website that had snipets of misapplied scripture and think that you could pass them by casual readers of the Bible.  I'm by no means a devout Christian, but I know enough of the Bible to be able to raise the "BS Flag" when I hear ludicrous arguments from people trying to manipulate the Bible for their own purposes. That goes for those on the Right who think that the Bible is their own little cash cow. I resent those efforts as well. My religion, Catholicism, with all its present day warts, teaches about tolerance towards those who are different, but it isn't ambiguous on marriage or the Church's position on gay marriage. It is very consistent and the scriptures read in church and during marriage ceremonies are very unambiguous. Now, you are free to follow them, blow them off, whatever, but just be prepared to defend yourself when you choose to misapply them.
Uh, I think you misread at least one of them:  <<"she and her daughters were arrogant, overfed and unconcerned; they did not help the poor and needy. They were haughty and did detestable things before Me. Therefore I did away with them as you have seen" (Ezekiel 16:49-50).<<  Read it again, slowly. Think Inaugural Ball... Would it have helped if I had left the verses intact?  "Look, this was the iniquity of your sister Sodom: She and her daughter had pride, fullness of food, and abundance of idleness; neither did she strengthen the hand of the poor and needy. And they were haughty and committed abomination before Me; therefore I took them away as I saw fit."   The passage is referring to cities, not people. Sodom and her sister Gomorrah and their daughters, Admah for example. I admit that it's metaphorical, but it's not hard to figure out that it isn't meant as a literal statement.
emoticon_xkill Well, from you I take that as a compliment, I learned that tactic from reading your flip-flopping posts.   You know what they say..."You have to fight fire with fire."  LOL, next time, stay away from the Bible. You're shooting blanks when you attempt to use it as a weapon. :p
I'm not the one using it as a weapon, in fact I'm deconstructing YOUR weapon.  You did a damn poor job of it. I hope you never take a job on the bomb squad. emoticon_rolleyes  The Bible clearly teaches against homosexuality. It refers to it as an abomination of nature and an unnatural act. Why on Earth would you think that it was pro-gay in any way shape or form? It doesn't support your viewpoint, so leave it out of your argument. Is that too difficult for you to comprehend?  You'd be better off arguing that our laws shouldn't reflect religious beliefs than to lamely attempt to cherry pick selections from the Bible that might be ambiguous enough to confuse someone who has never read it and try to reinterpret it incorrectly. Anyone with any knowledge of the Bible sees your argument for what it is, a fallacy.
Jyoshu - you need a lesson in rape. (For the record I worked for a Sexual Violence Center and was a peer counselor for rape victims when I was in my 20s.)  Rape is not relations. Rape is not sex - or about sexual attraction. Rape is about using sex to do harm. People don't rape because they are oh so turned on by their victim. They are turned on by the power that comes from hurting their victim.   So you're saying that if a heterosexual rapist male is in a locked room with a man and woman, he would be just as likely to rape the man as the woman? Likewise, a gay rapist would be just as likely to rape a woman as a man? (after all, you say it's not about sex or attraction!) Think about it.  I agree that rape is about asserting control over another person, but regarding your view that rape is not about sexual attraction at all, I don't buy it.
He would rape the weaker one....it is about power, whichever will make him more powerful.   I think it would be safer to say that with rape, power is definitely the main motivation, but it doesn't happen in a vacuum--sexual attraction can still be there and be a major factor. It definitely plays a role as well (if at all possible--if there's no attraction, a rape can still take place). Remember, rape is using sex to exert power over another person, so sex is still there. Therefore both are part of rape. Saying it's only about power to the exclusion of attraction just isn't very realistic to the real world.
 No - rape isn't about sexual attraction because it isn't sex - it's VIOLENCE.  No, it's using sex as a means of violence.
Do you think it's redundant to repeat something?  You just agreed with me here.  No, you said it "isn't sex." But it IS a sex act: it's sex used as violence.
Of course, those with an anti-gay agenda will not see that more nuanced interpretation. They will interpret everything as a blanket condemnation of all homosexuality.   Likewise, you are interpreting it as a blanket allowance of homosexuality. You've taken your desire to see the Bible not condemn it and you've determined to read it only that way.  They will not put it in the cultural context of the time, when people did not have the knowledge of sexuality and homosexuality, like we have today.   I don't know that we really do know that much more about sexuality than they did back then about it. But even if we do, it doesn't mean that what we know now changes the morality of it, esp. for those of us who believe in absolute truth. (or immorality, in this case)  Just because we think homosexuality might have a genetic basis of some degree, that has no bearing on the moral question.
It may be clear to you, but it certainly isn't clear to me at all. No matter how many times you attempt to show how Leviticus (OLD TESTIMENT) spells out laws against men putting themselves in the submissive role, or how Paul wrote a damning letter against what he himself was simply affraid to admit. (i.e. Paul's Letter to the Romans) None of those examples describe loving, committed, open relationships.  Sodom and Gommorah, still not a good example, of which I have destroyed that myth well enough.  You have???!! LOL. I guess that you missed my post after yours. http://www.4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=91033&postcount=127  This clearly says, unambiguously, that God punished Sodom and Gomorrah because they committed acts of abomination in the eyes of God.  27 And likewise also the men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burned in their lust one toward another; men with men working that which is unseemly, and receiving in themselves that recompence of their error which was meet. Romans 1:26-27   It supposedly doesn't support my viewpoint, accourding to whom? You? Not good enough. You really need to give up trying to prove that the Bible is pro-gay. It just isn't going to happen.  Again, incorrectly accourding to whom? You? Your Catholic church? Still doesn't fly for me. If you are so brainwashed as to believe your church is not politically motivated in it's interpretations, mass, laws..etc...then there really isn't much hope for you.  Another red herring argument or do you attack the messanger when the message doesn't suit your needs? emoticon_rolleyes   Again, this is your opinion, not fact. You have failed time and again to show how my interpretation is flawed. All you do is just sit there shaking your head saying "I don't believe you...na-na, na, na-na..." All I did was quote you scripture that EXACTLY backed up what I was saying.  None of it was my opinion; it was ALL directly quoted without any interpretation from me...unlike your spindoctoring of the Bible, I might add. It's entertaining...but fiction none-the-less. Tell me, did you help with the screenplay for The Last Temptation of Christ? emoticon_rolleyes   Grow up. I'm grown. Send me your address and I'll send you some cash so that you can buy a clue. emoticon_wow
The Bible says nothing against homosexuality. That word didn't appear until late. It condemns specific same-sex acts which are exploitative, involve prostitution or idol worship, rape, and acts which go against one's personal nature. Of course, those with an anti-gay agenda will not see that more nuanced interpretation. They will interpret everything as a blanket condemnation of all homosexuality. They will not put it in the cultural context of the time, when people did not have the knowledge of sexuality and homosexuality, like we have today. Yes, they didn't know a lot of things in ancient times, concepts like all men and women are free and equal and not slaves, they didn't know about concepts such as constitutional democracy. Their writing will reflect that.  If you read Romans 1:26-27, it states:  26 For this cause God gave them up unto vile affections: for even their women did change the natural use into that which is against nature:  27 And likewise also the men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burned in their lust one toward another; men with men working that which is unseemly, and receiving in themselves that recompence of their error which was meet.  There's no question that God punished them because they engaged in homosexual behavior (amongst other displeasing behaviors). No interpretation on my part is needed. It's there in black and white. No question, no ambiguity.
Off course an anti gay person will use the bible as a weapon against homosexuals. Every oppressd group have had the bible thrown at them.  Homosexuals are not an oppressed group in the same sense of black people and native americans. This is obvious for two reasons:  1.) They have not experienced anything remotely similar to the suffering of these groups; homosexuals have never been enslaved or forced onto reservations in the U.S. for being gay. They've never been sold on auction blacks for being gay. Homosexuals have never had to drink from their own segregated water fountains or use their own restrooms. The overall economic standard of gay people is basically on par with white anglo-saxon typical Americans--so they haven't suffered economic loss. Mostly what they call "suffering" is having to have people look at them funny when they show public affection with another gay person. Hardly suffering. Occassionally there are isolated tragic cases where gay people are harmed and a few have been killed, such as in the case of Matthew Shepard. but such cases of hate killings toward homosexuals are rare.   2.) Homosexuals are not a group in the sense that there is a cultural ethnicity. Black people, Jews, native Americans, etc. are all ethnic groups. Yet gay pride organizations and activists are trying to portray this small percentage of people who happen to engage in the perversion of sex with people of their own gender the same as an ethnic group. They've basically refused to stop at all costs to portray themselves this way, even though their entire "common denominator" is nothing more than their behavior (sex with their own gender), even at the cost of lowering decency standards in our country, porn becoming more prevalent, cheapening the institution of marriage by trying to say their bizarre sexual antics (same-sex) should be called a "marriage," and other things. They are basically trying to piggy-back off of the civil rights movement, using the plight of black people and others to their political advantage. They've put a lot of effort into trying to take all the focus off the obvious fact that it's about what they DO, and tried to make people think it's about a state of being. This is irrelevant, because the behavior is still there and most people view it as, well, disgusting.  Now, let's also note some other things . . .  Have gay people been "oppressed?" Yes, in some ways. There are times they are denied jobs because people finding out about their behavior, or denied housing. There are other examples of discrimination that shouldn't be there even though they do engage in behavior that society considers taboo. But let's not buy into the idea that it's on par with the slaves of the 19th century, or the native americans herded up onto reservations. We need to at least be realistic and not overstate things--to put gay people on par with blacks regarding oppression is pretty much an insult to the slaves of the 19th century. So when a group like people who engage in homosex with others has the Bible "thrown at them," it's because of their behavior. But when blacks had the Bible "thrown at them," it was wrongly applied because they were an ethnic group (something that can't be said about people who engage in gay behavior).
I just like both sides of the story so people can form their opinions with all the facts and interpretions and bad spelling joe can provide today!  LOL! Funny, you don't seem to care that "both sides of the story" get told when only the gay pride opinion is stated and not the alternative.
Paul nor anyone else during the bible era understand sexuality, as it related to a sexual orientation. Homosexuality was not taboo and natural hetersexuals engaged in those practices. Joebrummer, your explanation finishes the whole point.  I guess denial is more than just a river in Africa. emoticon_rolleyes  The Bible wasn't written by touchy-feely psychiatrists to improve the self-esteem of neurotic patients. It was written as a guideline for Jews, and later Christians, to follow in order to attain eternal salvation. Spinning its meaning in 2005AD may make you feel good about practicing a lifestyle that has unequivocally been deemed an abomination of nature in the Bible is your prerogative, certainly. After all, we do live in the age of moral relativism, don't we. This is just another example of that practice.
remeber all of this is coming from a white, heterosexual male who wouldn't know oppression if it bit him on his ......  You don't know what my skin color is at all. For that matter there is a good possibility that you are a white male.  Almost all gays and lesbians have reported being the victims of verbal abuse, hald of those that abuse bacome violent and phyiscal.  I think there are two things to remember with this:  - If one has such a wide-open view of "oppression" to the point where anything counts no matter how small, it's no wonder "almost all gays" report as having been victims of "abuse." ALso, how could you possibly know that almost ALL gays have reported it? You have no way of knowing how many gays out there haven't reported it.  - Times have changed. I do think that gays were more likely to experience violence against them in, say, the 70s, than they are now.  In the 1970's New York it was illegal to sell alcohol to an openly homosexula person. Police used this law to raid bars and round up the *****s, out them, put their pictures in the paper. Many lost their familes, friends and their jobs from these actions.  Gays and lesbians have been blamed like the jews in the WWII fro thow woes of the world. Inlcuding the 911 attacks, countless hurricanes,tornadoes, floods and of course god's wrath HIV/AIDS.  Again, I have a hard time equating this with slavery, being sold on auction blocks, rounded up and forced onto reservations, etc. What you are describing is pretty much a form of psychological "oppression," no doubt. But it's not in the same catagory as the suffering that blacks experienced under the horrors of slavery. Surely you can agree with that. Mostly these events you describe were "outings."   During WWII, As part of the Nazis' attempt to purify German society and propagate an "Aryan master race," they condemned homosexuals as "socially aberrant." Soon after taking office on January 30, 1933, Hitler banned all homosexual and lesbian organizations. Brownshirted storm troopers raided the institutions and gathering places of homosexuals. Somewhere between 5000 and 15000 homosexuals were exterminated in the concentration camps.  I was referring to oppression here in the U.S. And for what it's worth, Hitler did this to many groups, including some Christians.  Sidenote from me...jyoshu......is not your post downplaying the oppression just another form of oppression.  That only makes my point. That you would even use the same word to describe my post that has been used to describe slavery and real oppression of ethnic groups is very disrespectful of them and what they've suffered.
It is not that I expect that JP will suddenly say OH shucks, your right. I don't expect that at all, but we have alot of guests that read here and I would like to show more than just JP's interpretations of the bible.  I didn't interpret anything, I QUOTED the Bible directly. Don't mischaracterize my action in order to trivialize it. That's a very disengenuous action on your part.  Not all christians view homosexuality as wrong. Some chrsitian churches do same sex weddings. I just like both sides of the story so people can form their opinions with all the facts and interpretions and bad spelling joe can provide today! No one ever claimed that all Christians held equivalent beliefs at all times. Mormons believed in polygamy, nobody else did. Jehovah's Witnesses don't believe in transfusions, not many other Christians don't. The fact is that any Tom, Dick and Harry can start his own church and preach anything he damn well pleases in order to promote his church, beliefs and personal agenda. If I wanted to make money in religion today, I'd go to San Francisco and start a Gay Christian Church and rake in millions telling the congregation that God didn't really smote Sodom and Gomorrah because they committed acts of abomination, he smote them because they were having a bad hair day. emoticon_rolleyes  There is no organization that monitors what churches can and can't preach, except, of course, in the case of the Catholic Church. Catholic teachings are monitored by the Dioceses, which are, in turn monitored by the Vatican. When a Catholic priest begins to preach outside of Catholic doctrine, he usually finds himself in hot water. Why? Because Catholicism attempts to fight back the attempts to introduce political correctness and moral relativism into The Church. In many cases, it alienates those who see it as inflexible with regards to abortion and homosexuality, but it is keeping with its 2000 year old teachings. Times may change, but the Bible shouldn't. Remember, Protestantism gained momentum when King HenryVIII needed a new justification for getting rid of his "spent" wives and created the Church of England. Prior to that, there was only the Catholic Church.
Can you point to a single "moral truth" that has remained constant throughout Christian history? (I'm being easy on you, not making you go back another two thousand years into Jewish history.)  You don't have to "go easy on me," I could do it either way.   Let's see . . .  - Adultery is immoral  - the golden rule (even though atheists usually can't wait to point out that this predated Christianity, as if that made it any less Christian)  - the fact that Christians should be ready for the second coming of Christ  That's just 3; There are many things. Now that doesn't mean the moral teachings were always adhered to by Christians, but the teachings were there and were a constant.
Oh, no, you can't back out of it that easily. You aquire an aire of superiority when speaking of "Christian morality" but then back down when challenged saying "we still have free will", all the time attempting to encourage laws which would restrict others not of the Christian faith to follow your moral code, which really isn't yours anyway, but you'll utilize it when it's convenient for you....  The original request (not by you) was for examples of constants regarding moral teachings throughout Christian history. I provided those (it wasn't hard at all).   I haven't tried to pass any code, and one doesn't have to be a Christian to know that homosexual behavior is wrong. There are plenty of people who aren't religious who know it, so take it up with them as well. Otherwise you come across as anti-religious since you are only targeting them.
Anyone is capable of directly quoting the Bible. My personal problem with those that do, is that they selectively do so to justify their personal prejudices. There are many other direct quotations one could take from the Bible (both the Old and New Testiments) which these same people would contend no longer apply in todays world. Why should one apply and not the other? Many of these people loudly proclaim that they in no way interpret the Bible. If so, how do they explain why one Levitical admonishment applies and another not?  This is the hypocracy that I see in most of todays religions and those who claim to be adherants. They are self serving to suit the individual's particular prejudices.  However, religion in and of itself should be irrelavent to a discussion of the subject of this thread: "New York State Supreme Court 2-4-05" or the subject of this forum "Gay Rights". To put it bluntly, no one's religious beliefs should hold any trump card regarding rights under this country's Constitution or laws.That is the way the framers of our from of government made it.  There is another forum on this site aptly named "Religion". I would be happy to debate those issues there.  I totally agree with you that religion shouldn't be part of this thread. In fact, I warned JustineCredible against bringing the Bible into this thread because: a) it doesn't support her argument (unless its spun beyond recognition) and b) she should be arguing that our laws shouldn't reflect religious beliefs (post 160). The reason that religion keeps creeping into the discussion is because it is religious-based morals that molded our laws in the first place. While the two are linked, your biggest challenge is to convince people that they are two separate issues. One way of doing so is to call it a civil union and not marriage. Marriage brings with it all of the religious connotations and because of that forces Believers to look at the issue as a religious-based issue. I'm perfectly happy with granting the rights and privledges of marriage to gays, but I'm unwilling to divorce the religious nature of the term "marriage" in order to do so. And I doubt that I'm alone in that position.
but I'm unwilling to divorce the religious nature of the term "marriage" in order to do so. And I doubt that I'm alone in that position.  You certainly aren't.
One of the big problems with gay marriage goes back to the problems with the research of Alfred Kinsey. Even though his research was discredited as false years ago it is still the foundation of modern homosexuality. I don't think anyone sincerely want's to deny homosexuals their rights. Seeking gay marriage is not about civils rights. It is a dishonest attempt to undermine social structure. In the early 70's when the API removed homosexuality from it's list of pathologies it was under heavy pressure from gay lobbiests. The majority of psychiatrists beleived it was a wrong move.  There will always be a very small percentage of the population who are homosexual. That is a given. It is also a given that it is an aberrant behavior. Just because certain animals and prison inmates sodomize one another does not make it normal or generaly acceptable for most of the population. I don't wish to deny anyone their liberty to be a "homosexual" just don't try and introduce it in schools and say it's normal. It is not. If the people had thier say and not just liberal judges and educators this would never be an issue. This really is a situation were a very small minority has a disporportional voice over the general population.  Alfred Kinsey was a pedophile and a sadomasochist. It is his philosophy which guides and is the foundation of the gay movement.  Cute heh! And they are rewriting the books for our kids. Something wrong with this picture? emoticon_rolleyes
I apologise for the **** burglar remark...... It had no business being in that post, and I have removed its reference. I apologise to all those that I have offended by that remark; it was totally inappropiate.
Too late, Already happen. How can address not calling it marrige when it's already happen.. Can't change the past.  Want to bet? If a Constitutional Amendment banning gay marriage gets passed, there will be no such thing as a gay marriage in the US.
That seems more reasonable than other, more die-hard conservatives. However, I am in disagreement that marriage is a uniquely religious entity.  It isn't, but it does have a very strong religious connotation to the majority of people and that's whose opinion needs to be swayed.
I apologise for the **** burglar remark...... It had no business being in that post, and I have removed its reference. I apologise to all those that I have offended by that remark; it was totally inappropiate.  I'm glad to see that you removed the remark. It was inappropriate and julgar. I just wish that everyone who quoted it does the same. It has no place in a serious argument no matter which side of the issue you're on.
Jyoshu just wants to draw everyone into a game of "whose sufferring is worse" so he can claim gay people are selfish, etc.  The clear lesson from history is that both racism and anti-gay attitudes are unjust.  Hey, if you want to claim that funny looks, jeers, having to look for a different job, and occassional isolated instances of violence are on par with systematic slavery on a national level and genocide, be my guest. Such instances of trying to identify one with the other is only going to hold your movement back, because it's so ridiculous.
....... JP Sartre, I am not twisting the bible. I'm simply challenging your prejudices against me. I've studied the bible as you did and I have a different conclusion as to what it says. You see, I read other historical information to have an adequate explanation to explain the bible and its history.  If you have studied the Bible and the history surrounding it, then you now about the early conflict between Baalists and the followers of Yahweh? You know that the fertility of the land was dependent upon the sexual relations between Baal and his consort Ashtart and that Canaanites through the act of "sacred prostitution" could assist in bringing Baal and Ashtart together, assuring fertilization of the land.
You make it seem like most people are anti-gay, and most people are not. If they were "will and grace" would have failed. Elton would be poor. And James dobsen would have no way of making any money.  It's ironic you say that--Will and Grace is a case where a show used homosexuality to get popular; it's basically known as the 'gay sitcom.' If it had been a regular sitcom about real life with a couple of gay characters, rather than a sitcom about gay people, it wouldn't have done nearly as well. This is because homosexuality is a curiosity to some people--it didn't do well because most people approve of homosexualty. People also go to circuses to see all sorts of unusual things. It's the same idea.  Elton John is just, well, flamboyant.   I will agree with you on one thing though--you are right when you say that most people aren't antigay. Instead people that disapprove of homosexuality usually, instead of being antigay, are simply concerned about society, marriage, and people in general. Most religious people are simply exercising their right to moral concern.
I also keep saying that not all christians are against gay marriage......JP thinks I am lying or something but here is the proof.......   You keep saying that I say all Christians are against gay marriages. That isn't the case. I said that there were many differing Christian Churches and any two bit hustler can start his own Christian church if he wanted. There's no Better Christian Bureau that you can go to check to see if a church is a con like you can with businesses in the BBB. :)
but how does one knwo if his church is "right" or "wrong" in your eyes.  In my eyes, by how well it follows the Bible, of course. Any church that is pro-gay marriage and pro-abortion practices spindoctoring of scripture and should be avoided like the plague, IMO.
How does taking concubines fit into that?    If Christianity has been doing unto others as it would have others do unto it, it's asking for a serious XXX-whooping.    Just so we're clear, getting ready as in the few months that the disciples expected or the eventually on a millennial scale favored by the RCC or the sometime soon (let's bomb Iran to get it started) so popular with the Neo-Cons?    As I see it, you're still at zero. When the Christian leadership, centuries at a time, didn't 'adhere' and actually issued different 'teachings', that pretty much blows consistency.  Try again. The general idea that "Well most marriages end in divorce anyway.." seems like people are saying "Well Gay marriage is bad, but marriage is bad as it is".  Just because 70% of it ends in divorce doesn't mean we should mock it anymore, by breaking apart a tradition and sacred to the church. The term 'marriage' itself belongs to the church, they should be allowed to deny anyone access they want. In its roots, the different religions are 'clubs', and should be allowed to decide what they want to do. Gay Marriage hurts society as a whole. Without the sole capability of reproducing, it hampers the growth of society, and further leads to the miseducation that this inert ability to reproduce should be acceptable. ("In Defense of Marriage", has studies detailing how the basic function of reproducing in society is one of the major causes for social, cultural, and mental development in society). We MUST preserve tradition. Not take advantage of it, because its weakening. If people slowly stopped celebrating the 4th of July, I'd be damned if a bunch of people suddenly wanted to make it "Communist Russia Day" because after all, the 4th of July isn't that popular anyway. The State rewards normal functioning traditional families, because they function normally in society, contribute to the societies growth, and are a benefit to the country as a whole. A homosexual couple, no matter how hard they try, cannot cultivate the normal productive enviroment a heterosexual couple can. As with many people against Gay Marriage, I personally have nothing against gay couples or what they do behind closed doors. They may think my style of living is wrong, just as I think theirs is, and they are welcome to do what they want, as long as its not degrading our society.
How do you feel about churches that allow shrimp salad at their potlucks?  I avoid THEM like the plague, too. I'm VERY allergic to iodine and even looking at shrimp now sends shivers down my spine. :)
Just because 70% of it ends in divorce doesn't mean we should mock it anymore  I wonder if they've also given up wearing their seatbelt since some people don't wear them and therefore "divorce" themselves from the wearing of their seatbelt . . . . :p
OK, so what about the other Levitical laws and other scriptures (New Testemant adminotion that wives be subservant to their husbands as an example) that you so conviently chose to ignore?  Ignore?! Are you kidding? That's one of my favorites. emoticon_xagree
Ok, so who decides who is the "two bit hustler" and who is not?  the consumer/parishoner, in my case, me.
Actually, many of the southern christians don't ignore this. These men expect thier wife to work all day, come home and make dinner.  Damn! I knew that I should have moved to the South instead of Michigan. :)
Actually, many of the southern christians don't ignore this. These men expect thier wife to work all day, come home and make dinner.  As do many people who aren't christians, and who don't live in the south.
What disturbs me more though, is that, based on many of your other post, you project much the same image and meanness of spirit , whether you use vulgarity or not. And I wonder about the effects of such a spirit on those around you; your children, your family, your friends, your coworkers. How much of you, by your example, will rub off on them?  With asw much respect as possible, the very same thing could be said about you as well.
Ok Jyoshu, now you're out of bounds. WSM has always been respectful of everyone. Even when he disagrees he's still very respectful.   No, not always. Other than Jamaan's slur, he no more respectful than Jamaan.
Sadly, I believe you.  You would know it was a joke if you knew my wife. She's a very successful lady with her own business. I threaten to quit my job and work for her occasionally. :)
I feel the same way about heterosexuality, but I don't mind other folks partaking and I'd hardly compare it to the plague.  To quote you, IIRC, "That's mighty white of you". :)
And in doing so, his credibility sinks lower and lower and lower. Why should I want to stop him from making a foolish spectacle of himself? He harms himself and his cause more than he harms me.  It degrades the argument AND the arguer and makes the rest of us who don't believe in gay marriage on principle, and not because we're homophobes, look bad.
Students conduct mock 'gay marriages' Parents angered by lunchtime ceremonies on campus Posted: February 19, 2005 1:00 a.m. Eastern    2005 WorldNetDaily.com  Students at a California high school conducted mock same-sex "wedding" ceremonies at lunchtime on campus, prompting protests from angry parents.  The school's Gay-Straight Alliance promoted the event at Silverado High School in the high-desert town of Victorville Feb. 11 to mark National Freedom to Marry Day.  Six female couples and three male couples took part in the ceremonies at the school's outdoor central gathering area.  About 40 parents, community members and students showed up in chilly, rainy weather to protest the event, the Los Angeles Times reported.  One protester, Therese Shore, said her son Andrew Stading, a Silverado senior, was reprimanded by school officials the day of the event for wearing a custom-made protest T-shirt bearing slogans such as "Gay is not the way" and an obscene slur about homosexuals, according to the Times.  "I don't want them shoving homosexuality down my child's throat," Shore said.  One student's father, objecting to a taxpayer-supported school holding such an event, held up a sign reading "I don't."  "I think the school and the district made a terrible, terrible judgment," he told the Times.  The district issued a statement, calling the ceremonies "a lawful exercise of the right of free speech guaranteed to public school students under state and federal law."  Some protesters objected to school rules barring religious demonstrations on campus.  "I'm Christian. I'm not allowed to bring my Bible, preaching to people," said sophomore Christina Wilson, 15.  Wilson and others carried signs with such slogans as "God objects."   ------------------------------------------------------------------------  I just want to know....   Why?   If they spent more time learning and preparing their minds for the real world instead of spending time in mock gay marriages of which they probably don't take seriously to begin with --- it just doesn't belong in a school of learning regardless of whether you support the sexual lifestyle or not, a school is not a center for people to promote their sexual lifestyles!!! Period!!!! what next --- Tranny Day?  emoticon_wow
If this was a school ceremony in the middle of the school day, then I don't agree with it. But since that's not the case here I think it was fine. It says at lunchtime. As long as students conducted it (which is what the article says) it's fine. What's your problem with it? Students can bring bibles and have praying ceremnoies if they want. As long as it is not required and it is conducted by the students, I see no problem with it. The school and the adminstration held the event....... thats the problem.
Where do you read that? I read it in the text: The school's Gay-Straight Alliance promoted the event at Silverado High School in the high-desert town of Victorville Feb. 11 to mark National Freedom to Marry Day.  One student's father, objecting to a taxpayer-supported school holding such an event, held up a sign reading "I don't."  "I think the school and the district  made a terrible, terrible judgment," he told the Times.  The district issued a statement, calling the ceremonies "a lawful exercise of the right of free speech guaranteed to public school students under state and federal law."
Sounds more like a stunt than anything.   As long as something like that is done after school hours, I don't see any real problem with it though.  The problem is that there is obviously a double-standard. If they are so eager to allow students the right to free speech in such matters, they should be consistent and allow things like students preaching christian sermons on school grounds. It's easy for a school to take a free speech stand when it's PC to do so, as in this case. The real test of whether they really care about the 1st Amendment is if they allow things that aren't in the PC trend.
It's presumtuous to assume that any level of teenage protest or counter opinion against a staged gay wedding in a high school is merely a matter of "parroting their parents." Some of them may have simply thought through it and decided it is something they don't agree with. Or even if it is because of religious views, that is ok--it is their right to do so and doesn't mean it's "bigotry." As long as both sides keep the debate civil, it's ok.  "Bigotry" is a word that gets thrown around way too much and way too recklessly when discussing counter opinions to gay issues.
They are allowed to protest all they want but they are still bigots. Just as I can protest the right to vote for blacks but I will still be called a bigot.  This is a much different issues than voting rights for black people. Some who protest gay marriage may be bigots. Others may genuinely feel it's the wrong course of action for society and that doesn't mean they are motivated by prejudice.   A counter-opinion is not automatically bigtotry.
In the case of slavery, segregation, and blacks' voting rights, religion and morality was used to justify prejudice.  Their "moral" view was there (really racist prejudice), and the religious view came afterward to justify it.  But regarding homosexuality, the religious view often comes first, and the moral view comes as a result of it. For me anyway, it's not a case of bigotry and using religion to justify it, but rather religion leading to a moral view. There is a big difference.   I also think it is very disingenuous to assume that any counter-opinion toward homosexuality is bigotry. Gay rights people really need to come to the point where they realize there is usually a huge difference between someone who shares an honest counter-opinion on the morality of homosexuality and someone who beats or abuses gay people. They usually aren't the same people.
They are allowed to protest all they want but they are still bigots. Just as I can protest the right to vote for blacks but I will still be called a bigot.  How "enlightened" of you. Anyone with a differing opinion from yours is automatically a bigot. Is that what they teach in public school nowadays? emoticon_rolleyes
No, I think a bigot is: "One who is strongly partial to one's own group, religion, race, or politics and is intolerant of those who differ."  LOL! Strictly by that definition, most of the gay rights people here are bigots too! :p
They aren't just bigots, they are fundamentalist XXXXXX. Again, religion is the bane of existence.  You're the only fundamentalist I see here--a fundumentalist religion-hater.
No, I think a bigot is: "One who is strongly partial to one's own group, religion, race, or politics and is intolerant of those who differ."  dictionary.com  If you are intolerant even to their right to have mock gay elections you are a bigot. If you are intolerant of blacks you are a bigot. If they disagree with it, that's one thing, but to hold a sign up saying God Hates Fags is to be a bigot who is intolerant of others.  Do you know with any degree of certainty that God doesn't hate "fags" as you say? If you read the Bible, you'd find more evidence that he does than evidence that he doesn't....but that's a topic for a different thread. :)  Is someone who speaks against pedophiles also a bigot? How about someone who votes exclusively Democratic?  IMO, the term "bigot" is used almost exclusively as an attempt to stifle debate and is dangerous. To me, a bigot is someone who is so rigid in their thinking that they have to call others with differing opinions "bigots" in an attempt to end debate. emoticon_rolleyes
Oh, yeah. If ever a comment warranted a smiley face, that one does. [censored] It was hyperbole, don't get your shorts in a knot over it. emoticon_wow   In my experience, I've never seen a bigot shut up just because someone called him or her a bigot.  And I've never seen anyone win a debate by calling their opponent a bigot.
It's also shown by the example and a common dictionary. Bigots rarely understand why they are bigots.  Of course, I've never see anyone win an argument quoting the dictionary, either. emoticon_rolleyes
You may not have seen it, but I can say I have one debates by resorting to a dictionary......It has more power than you think, past that, refer to my signature about words meaning moe with a voice.  I can also guess others have one debates or at best got one up, with defintions.  Can't be much of a debate. Sounds more like a duel...dueling Websters.... :)   BTW, I chatted with Maya Angelou many years ago. Very interesting lady, from what I can recall. She referred to herself as an American African and when I asked her why not the reverse, she said "This country has been very good to me."
If you had even an inkling of the pain some people have gone through because of religion, you wouldn't dare be so flip about it.  If you could see past the chip on your shoulder for a moment, you'd see that JP's comments weren't particularly flattering of religion at all--I'm surprised you don't actually agree with him. A lot of atheists would would agree that the Bible portrays God that way.
Oh, they are indeed motivated by prejudice. If they were not they would have a logical, rational reason. They do not.  Some, probably. For many though, religion molds their views.
If you had even an inkling of the pain some people have gone through because of religion, you wouldn't dare be so flip about it.  Wanna bet? I'm flippant about everything. That's how I maintain my sanity. :)
Hmm, wait a minute now; I think that most atheists would not agree with this. They would be more likely to say that the Bible offers conflicting viewpoints on gays depending on the specific book you are reading. They often state that the words of Christ as written in the Bible portray a sense of love while the words of certain other books portray a sense of hatred. It is more likely that they will say that the Bible offers contradicting viewpoints created through each author trying to get his or her own values included in the religion.  In reality, it depends on which Testament you're quoting. The Old Testament was pretty specific in its condemnation of homosexuality. The New Testament isn't so cut and dry and as a result, many see ambiguity in it. In the old Testament it was "hate the game, smote the player". In the New Testament it's "hate the game; love the player". Jesus died for ALL of our sins, including the sin of homosexuality, is the way I've heard the seemingly contradictory sentiments explained.
The new Testament tells you how to live and tells you to hate sin, but it also tells you to accept the beliefs of others  Where? I've never read that.  Finally there is the teaching of Jesus. Jesus himself tells you how to live but tells you to accept the beliefs of others, letting God issue judgement. The difference between the teachings of Jesus and the teachings of the New Testament as a whole are that Jesus does not teach to hate the sin; he teaches not to hate.  In my experience, everyone tends to make Jesus into what fits them, rather that approaching the text about him with an open and humble mind, willing to learn and not apply him to others. Lets see if Jesus was the all-inclusive altruistic humanitarian you say he is:  - He said no man comes to the father except through ME." Only 3 possibilities here: either he was an ego-maniac, someone who didn't tolerate other religions as a way to God, or he was simply telling the truth.  - He claimed to be God, and that was an affront to Judaism and many other religions.  - He left no room for lust, thoughts of sexual immorality, even saying it was sinful to think about these things. (Matt. 5-6) No harm done to anyone--so much for a Jesus who understands that humans will be human.  Ironically, to the pharisees of his day, he seemed just as politically incorrect as some probably seem to you today.   Yet the root of today's most commonplace "Christian" principles seem to me less founded in "loving the others as you would love yourself" or "letting God issue judgement" than in "hating the sin".   I think you take the one thing you can't stand the most in Christian thinking and blow it out of proportion. Most Christians I know of don't spend much time thinking about homosexuality and to me they are better known by the humanitarian things they do. Even James Dobson, perhaps the most vilified man by the gay lobby, has far less on his website about homosexuality than he does family issues, mending husband and wife problems, etc. Listening to some of Christianity's critics here, one would think the religion's very core teaching was about hating gays--ironically that's the very opposite and 99.9% of Christians don't hate gays. That's the truth, deal with it. The Fred Phelps' of the world are actually very rare. If you are going to give a fair assessment of Christians, you need to also show all the good things they do: feeding homeless people, getting food to areas of the world with starving people, operating orphanages, after school programs for youth, homeless shelters, and many other things. Organized religion makes an easy target but that doesn't mean we shouldn't be fair in our assessment.  Oh and before anyone starts saying this belongs in a diff. forum, religion and the views of religious people is very pertinent to the issue of homosexuality, so it's no off-topic.
But the issue in this forum is NOT homosexuality. It is "GAY RIGHTS".   I'll remember to remind you of that anytime you are posting any non-legal post in this forum--such as about biological and genetic issues.
I find it sad that someone would suggest that a teenager wearing a GHF t-shirt is not a bigot likely from a family of bigots.  I don't use the term to stifle debate but merely to call it as I see it. I think I see very well, thank you. The term "bigot" doesn't get thrown around enough IMO.  And you are certainly entitled to express it.....just as the kid who wore the GHF t-shirt was entitled to express his opinion, albeit a dumb one. In my kids' school, nobody is allowed to wear any t-shirt with any type of slogan on it. That's how the thought police avoid potential conflict there. emoticon_rolleyes
That's only for your religious community to deal with. The government cannot take one religious view or rule.  That may sound good on paper, but in real world, and in reality, the moral views of the people of the U.S. do play a role in electing their officials, which in turn affects the laws and country we live in. Like it or not, govt. and morality will probably never be completely sterile from one another. Even the constitution was influenced by morality--do you think the first amendment just came along out of nowhere? No, it came along because emough people had in their moral worldview that people should be free to say, report, and hear what they want without the govt. persecuting them for it. It came about because of peoples' morality, my friend. Changes in law and govt. don't happen in an ideological vacuum.  I was simply answering the implication that morality and religion are always related, but that's not true.  Also, it seems to me that selective prejudice is at work with "cafeteria Christians" who pick and choose from the Bible. They say marriage must be between a man and a woman, or that homosexuality is immoral, because that is in the Bible. However, they don't say a slave must always obey his master, even though that is in the Bible. Almost all will say slavery is immoral, even though it is clear from a literal reading of the Bible that slavery is very moral.  That's because the overall and overwhelming consensus is that the passage you are talking about isn't about the context of slavery, but about something completely different. If the Bible's view was that slaves always obey their masters, and that slavery is "very moral" (as you say) then the story of the Israelites leaving Egypt under Moses' leadership wouldn't have been there. Ironically for you, that story inspired many an abolitionist and many of the slaves to hope that their plight would one day change, and it did.  I'll say it again: there are plenty of people out there who view homosexual sex as wrong even though they don't read the Bible and aren't particularly religious.
Please. There is wide consensus for freedom of speech, and it is in the Constitution.   Because that's what most people believe is RIGHT. Don't you? If so, then it's part of your morality, as it is mine. Do you not realize that all of the mojor social and civil right changes that have taken place in history resulting in Consitutional amendments happened because enough people at the time decided it was the right thing to do? Courts don't make amendments. At one time many, many people in America didn't find slavery immoral. That started changing as time went on. Do you not realize that for the abolitionists, it was a MORAL issue? Or for those who stood up for women's voting rights?   Sorry, but you are wrong on this--morality does indeed have a great effect upon our constitution, regarding the amendments and other laws as well. I think it is safe to say that the founders of the constitution crafted it because they it's principles were RIGHT. Legislation does not take place in an ideological vacuum.  Even if there were many people who were against freedom of speech, the government passing a law restricting this, could be found unconstitutional in court.  Only because the 1st Amendment is there--the amendment would not have been added in the first place if enough people didn't feel that giving freedom of speech was not the right thing to do: this is morality, my friend.  The law banning gay marriage has been found unconstitutional in state courts.  That's because of activist judges who have taken the 14th amendment out of context.  The overwhelming consensus of Christianity was not always against slavery, but once in support of slavery.  This just isn't true. You're assuming that just because some southerners at one time tried to misuse the Bible to justify what they did, that the Bible must indeed claim that. You've fell into their trap yourself.
That's only for your religious community to deal with. The government cannot take one religious view or rule. That one view cannot be forced onto everyone by society. For example, the sale and consumption of pork isn't banned, in order to comply with Hebraic law.   No, but the sale of alcohol is banned on Sundays in some states. There are a whole plethora of so-called "blue laws" that impose one group's morality on everyone and they are perfectly legal. I doubt that many of the states that have Blue Laws are eager to change them, either. So your assertion that government can't force a religious view on the population is false and disproven every Sunday in many states.   Also, it seems to me that selective prejudice is at work with "cafeteria Christians" who pick and choose from the Bible. They say marriage must be between a man and a woman, or that homosexuality is immoral, because that is in the Bible. However, they don't say a slave must always obey his master, even though that is in the Bible. Almost all will say slavery is immoral, even though it is clear from a literal reading of the Bible that slavery is very moral. If the Bible says it, isn't that the end of debate? You can't say that's only the end of debate for homosexuality, but for nothing else.  It also says that a woman must obey her husband at all times......Damn, why couldn't I have married a strict Christian woman. :)
I find it sad that someone would suggest that a teenager wearing a GHF t-shirt is not a bigot likely from a family of bigots.  I don't use the term to stifle debate but merely to call it as I see it. I think I see very well, thank you. The term "bigot" doesn't get thrown around enough IMO.  It certainly does in here. emoticon_rolleyes
Why don't we just remove marriage from government all together...haven't worked out all the details but you could just put something in its place where you get one person to share benefits with...could even be a friend. Just an idea. No..... I don't like it. Marriage is a specially protected government institution for a reason....... namely that the family unit is the backbone of society. Redefining this government institution means weakening society as a whole.
Gay 'couples' do not deserve the right to get tax breaks...... Marriage between a man and a woman is protected so that families produce offspring that will allow society to continue to grow and survive. Gay coupling can not produce this and therefore does not deserve to be given special rights or priviledges.
Let's not get personal and start making comments about how a person and his wife might or might not be getting along. There's just no call for it.  I tend to think that Steeeve's view of getting rid of the institutionalization of religious marriage is not a bad idea. One could even argue that it blurs the line between church and state a bit too much to take a religious institution like marriage and give it state sanction. We know for a fact that early in our nation's history there were no federal benefits given for marriage--it seems to be a fairly recent innovation (recent in terms of our entire history). It seems to me that the minute the govt started giving benefits for marriage, this was bound to happen (other groups wanting to 'cash in.')  Giving benefits to couples could still happen, without bringing "marriage" into the picture. Maybe the govt. should view all such arrangements as civil unions of sorts, with benefits. The only thing is that eventually, someone will also try and find a way to say that even that is 'unconstitutional.' If polygamy ever takes off in our culture (hey, it's not impossible--after all, gay marriage took off) and they start doing the same thing the gay lobby is doing, we'll have a real mess on our hands. Of course we have real mess now with the gay lobby, IMO.
Well, had the government distributed these benefits fairly in the first place, there would be no need for others to try to "cash in".  It would be impossible for the govt. to know ahead of time, 200 something years in the future, what groups might pop up demanding marriage be redefined to include their particular type of arrangement, whether gays, polygamists, people as friends getting together and wanting benefits, etc. (there is no reason to assume more of this isn't going to happen). The idea of marriage in this country being defined as anything other than between a man and woman is a pretty recent development.   This would be the optimal idea in my mind, for I do not believe that what so many consider a religious institution should be getting preferential treatment under the law. In truth, I have no problem what these unions are called, so long as one group does not have access to a prestigious title that is denied to another. However, this course of action seems incredibly unrealistic. If you think people are up-in-arms about gay marriage now, how up-in-arms will they be when someone suggests that the term "marriage" should be removed from the law? It will simply not happen, even though it is the best solution.  You have a point, and since pandora's box was opened it would be very hard to adjust things to where religious marriage was not sanctioned. Nevertheless since the institution of religious marriage is under attack, I think taking govt. out of it altogether is the only way to really protect it.
And is that not exactly what the antis stand for? They consider themselves "superior" and therefore only they should be allowed the benefits of marriage, and we gay people should pay taxes to support them in it.  It's easy for you to say that, but actually no. For me (and I suspect most "anti's") it's really based in a desire to see marriage protected from redefinition. The motives are altruistic. I don't expect you to understand that, but "superiority" has NOTHING to do with it.  Using "anti" to refer to those who want to protect the institution of marriage from being redefined is a misnomer--the reason people take that stance is because they are PRO-marriage.
I'm not so certain about this. I don't see how keeping marriage the same can be called altruistic, as it does not help others, it hurts them.   You could say that about anything--you could say it hurts 25 year-olds to not get social security benefits; after all they may need it a LOT more early in life with few job skills and experience than later on.  Anyone could make the argument it "hurts" them to not have something, but that doesn't mean it's best to accomodate them at the expense of something else (the institution of traditional marriage, in this case).  There are some traditions we have that are, in my opinion, important enough to make sure we don't redefine them or water them down. Marriage is one of them. I'm not against you getting the benefits you need in SOME way, I am against you using the institution of marriage to get them.
Okay, how about an example where consent isn't an issue?  It is being argued that the current marriage laws are discriminatory because they allow two people to do something that two other people are forbidden to do.   So - Sue is married to Tom. Tom falls in love with Carol. He claims to love both women equally. Sue and Carol are both okay with that. Now, although Carol and Bill, her old flame, are legally able to marry, it is illegal for Carol and Tom to marry (without dissolving his marriage with Sue - which he does not want to do). That sounds like two people being allowed to do something that two other people are not allowed to do.  Take the example one step further. Steve is married to Kate. Steve is bisexual. Just as homosexuals say that it isn't their fault that they are attracted to the same sex and therefore should be allowed to marry, Steve says that it is not his fault that he is attracted to both sexes and therefore should not be discriminated against my marriage laws that only allow him to marry one sex or the other. So in this future scenario, the nation ends up with a similar debate over bisexual marriage as once went on over homosexual marriage, and the bisexuals win out. Steve remains married to Kate and additionally marries Phil, who is also bisexual. Although Phil likes Kate, he doesn't feel a connection to her, so he keeps on the lookout for a woman to fulfil his 'empty' side. He meets Shannon, and they marry, even though Shannon is already married to Beth.  So now you have Kate who is married to Steve who is married to Phil who is married to Shannon who is married to Beth. What kind of house would they have to have? Imagine the quantity of children! How on earth do you write a tax code for that? How do medical benifits apply? What about next-of-kin?   The further we let this go, the more difficult and complicated it makes life for everyone.
Your arguments a facitious and invalid, as that the issue is the denial of civil rights for two (not some number <2) consenting adults to be legally married and be treated equally under the law as all other married couples. The hypothetical, "what if" situations you present simply do not apply to the issue at hand. It is your attempt to evade the issue at hand.  If marriage can be redefined to include other arrangements people may want (right now, same-sex couples are trying to do this) then most certainly it can be redefined to include more people in a relationship to have it apply to. If we allow you to have it redefined to include same-gender couples, what steps will you do to ensure it won't be redefined in other ways as well?
Again, you use the word "if"=hypothetical situation.  Why should I or anyone "do" anything "to ensure it won't be redefined in other ways as well"? Each instance must stand on it's own merits, and is totally irrelevant to the issue of same-sex marraige  There's nothing hypothetical about it--you're trying to redefine the institution of marriage right now.   There is a concept in law known as precedent. Redefining marriage to include gay couples (or any arrangement, for that matter) sets a precedent that could only water down the marriage standard in this country even further.   In reality, no case is ever reviewed without taking precedent into consideration to some degree. So it certainly IS relevant.
This is a reasonable question, though the answer is the same as it is for any political issue. I would use reason and evidence to show that it is a very bad idea to redefine marriage in other ways. Well, provided there is actually reason and evidence opposing those marriages, that is. As it happens, there is plenty of reason and evidence suggesting that we should not legalize polygamous, incestual, or animal marriages.  I don't there is anything you could say or do to defend the institution of marrige from being redefined to include polygamy and other arrangements that people are not already saying to argue against same-sex marriage redefinition. The issues are very similar.  In my experience gay people who lobby for marriage redefinition have one of 3 views on this:  a.) While they support gay marriage, they seem to oppose other examples of marriage redefinition such as polygamy, (you seem to fall in this catagory)  b.) They absolutely don't care if what they are doing leads to other examples of marriage being redefined (and so they really don't care about the institution of marriage too much at all, IMO),  c.) They actually SUPPORT ANY sort of redefining of marriage such as cases of polygamy and would support polygamists getting marriage benefits. I suspect they do this sometimes because they know it makes them look hypocritical to do otherwise.  Every argument you could make to oppose polygamy being given govt. recognition and considered a "civil right" to have their marriages recognized has been made to stop marriage from being redefined for YOUR movement. So if you say you would use reason to argue against it (as you have said) then it is reason that is being argued against you.
Two consenting adults does NOT equal some number greater than two.  Two consenting adults does NOT equal an adult and a minor.  Do you get the idea?  I get the fact that you are trying to redefine marriage to include same-sex couples, while pretending that marriage could not be redefined in many ways, and that yours is the only ONE way.  You seem to think that adding the language "consenting adults" somehow seals the matter shut and prevents anyone else from coming along to tailor the institution to fit what they want (as you are doing).
This is also quite silly. Considering that the history of marriage also included pologamous marriages, what is your issue exactly? As a matter of fact polygamy is still sanctioned in some middle eastern and african countries.  I take it then, that you would be just as supportive of the govt. granting full marriage benefits to people in polygamous marriages as people in gay marriage.
True enough, but you're getting off point. The argument isn't about the morality of polygamous marriages. It's about the recognition of same-sex ones.  If someone wants to start a thread about the morality of polygamy, then s/he should and we could debate it there.  Polygamy can be an analogy to same-sex marriage when it comes to the issue of redefining marriage and the govt. giving marriage benefits. Analogies aren't off-topic, they are a valuable too in discussion. If we aren't going to allow polygamy to be discussed in this forum, we should not ever bring up interracial marriage either.
Assumptions are wonderful things, aren't they? It allows you to pass judgement on people without actually asking their position on the topic at hand ... emoticon_rolleyes  No one is "judging" you. emoticon_rolleyes   If you don't give the same support for poygamy as you do gay marriage "rights," you are free to say. Otherwise we'll assume what is evident from your posts.
Polygamous marriage is a seperate issue. Gays are not really all that concerned about marrying more than one partner.  Interracial marriage is a separate issue. Gays are not really all that concerned about marrying a different race.
It's funny watching some of you try to pick and choose which issues you want to be analogous to gay marriage and which ones you don't. Polygamy is as analogous to gay marriage as interracial marriage.  You don't get the luxury of saying one is "a separate issue" that we can't use as analogy, and then turn right around claim the other is.
You exercise the "luxury" of saying same-sex marriage is like polygamy but not at all like interracial marriage.  So if I said that there are similarities with gay marriage and interrracial marriage, you'd admit the same for polygamy and gay marriage?  The fact is there are similarities and there are differences. Proponents of polygamy can use the same "but we have the right to choose how to live our lives" argument but they cannot use the argument that they are being prevented from doing what others are allowed to do.   They can't??? Why couldn't they? They aren't allowed to get married in the relationships they want, just like the issue of same-sex marriage.
Those in polygamous relationships are already able to get the benefits of marriage, and even though they can't extend those benefits across multiple people, they still have those benefits.  So can gay people if they marry opposite gender partners. Sure, both groups can get marriage benefits if they marry in a way they don't want.
Any human construct can be redefined.   Indeed.  The likelihood of it actually being changed to include polygamy is slim to nil.   I'm sure the same was said about marriage being changed to include gay relationships a few decades ago.
Yet those in polygamous marriages are not forced out of marrying those they love, and they are asking for additional benefits above and beyond those granted to everyone else.  What if "those they love" involve 2 or more people, and they can only marry one of them? I'd say they ARE being forced out of marrying those they love.
Well, some of us knew it would come to pass.  But it hasn't. It has in one state, I think--since it's not portable it's little better than a civil union. In fact, with now 13 states (and others working on it) banning gay marriage, most of them AFTER Massachusetts and the San Francisco debacle, you're worse off now than you were before, in some ways.  My point, which you are of course avoiding at all costs, is that there are tens of millions of gay people in this country. You can't stop us forever.  How do you know there are 10s of millions? And perhaps we can't stop you, but we can try to hold back the tide as long as we can before it waters down the institution of marriage. We'll keep fighting the good fight as long as you wage your malevolent war.  There are, at most, a few tens of thousands of potential polygamists.  The point is that the arguments are very similar, regardless of your attempts to elevate quantity over the substance of the argument. And even if quantity were an issue, there is nothing preventing polygamy from becoming the fad one day as well.
Are you saying gay marriage is just a fad?  To some degree I think it is among gay people--it especially was when Newsom let gay people make a show of it in San francisco, and right after Massachusetts legalized it.  As many gay people as there supposedly are in the U.S., it's a red flag that not long after the media got bored with it the numbers of gay people getting married plummeted to a trickle.
....  The logic used by some same-sex marriage supporters can also be used to support polygamous marriage. However, some arguments in support of same-sex marriage have nothing to do with polygamous marriage. Furthermore, polygamous marriage has a specific set of reasons why it should not be allowed, and those reasons do not apply to same-sex marriage.   What are the reasons that polygamy should not be allowed that don't apply to same-sex marriage? You've piqued my curiosity. :)
... Its the same thing with polygamous marriage, and that doesn't have the support that gay marriage does. Gays may make up 10% of the population but those willing to take part in polygamous marriage would be far less. Bascically, yes it will lend some support, but they don't have enough voting power to acheive anything. Gay lobbies have enough problems as it is.  Why do people insist on touting the false 10% of the population is gay number? It has ZERO basis in fact. emoticon_rolleyes   According to a report by UCLA Law using NHSLS and 2000 US Census data, the gay population is about 2.1% of the population, a far cry from 10%.  http://www1.law.ucla.edu/~erg/pubs/GD/GayDemographics.pdf
......  I just use the figure most often mentioned, its easier. Bare in mind that your figure is probably lower than the real value due to the diffulties of sampling.  While it's "easier", it also appears to be inflated by a factor of almost 5X. The NHSLS study is highly regarded as the most accurate estimate of gays in the US. There were lots of problems with using Census data because it didn't come out and ask about sexual orientation where the NHSLS survey did.
Why do people insist on touting the false 10% of the population is gay number? It has ZERO basis in fact. emoticon_rolleyes   According to a report by UCLA Law using NHSLS and 2000 US Census data, the gay population is about 2.1% of the population, a far cry from 10%.  http://www1.law.ucla.edu/~erg/pubs/GD/GayDemographics.pdf  Because gay lobbyists take the highest number they can find--given a figure of 3%, 7%, and 10% (all reported at SOME point), which do you think they'll take? Which offers them the most political leaverage if they can convince the public that there are more of them than there might actually be?  I agree, it's ridiculous to think that every one in 10 people are homosexual. But rest assured, if one single report came out giving a figure of 15%, it would be touted by them as doctrine.
What is the percentage makeup of the general population below which it becomes permisable to practice discrimination?  Nice attempt of distraction.
There is nothing wrong with interracial marriage between a man and a woman. There is something wrong between a man and a man or a woman and a woman in cohabitation. Its not only vulgar, its wrong. Needless to say, marriage should be backed by the Government, and the cohabitation of gays should remain legal. Its a right, though I disagree with the practice, of personal liberty. These folks, though deviant in my eyes, should have every right to be with the ones the love. Disgusting, in my eyes yes. In their eyes, no. Am I a judge? Nope. Is this America? Yep, it sure the heck is. Personal liberty, the right to achieve what makes you happy without harming physically or financially another individual on a personal basis, and if laws are made via political or through social agendas that aren't fair to the Constitution but based upon the zeal of a self-righteous contingent, shall be layed aside to save personal freedom, than those laws against personal liberty should be sidestepped.  This is not to say that gay marriage is or should be accepted. This is not a law against personal freedom. Gays are allowed to cohabitate, create families via adoption(disgusting), vote, work, not wear a badge, not be confined to certain districts of a city. Gays have all the rights of hetro's., and simply, shouldn't be given other rights to make them the equals they already are.
What is the percentage makeup of the general population below which it becomes permisable to practice discrimination?  If you don't fall under the recognized definition of marriage, are you really being discriminated against?  I don't meet the definition of native American, so I have to pay income taxes. I don't meet the definition of a minority, so I can't benefit from affirmative action. I don't meet the definition of African-American, so I'm not eligible for UNCF scholarships. And do I bitch because I can't partake of those benefits and attempt to force a redefinition of those groups? NO! I don't. Maybe you need to stop whining about redefining "marriage" and accept civil unions with all of your "real" not imaginary rights guaranteed. emoticon_rolleyes
Maybe you need to stop whining about redefining "marriage" and accept civil unions with all of your "real" not imaginary rights guaranteed. emoticon_rolleyes  You're dealing with someone so hung up over the "M" word that they actually think the wording constitutes 'separate but equal.'   I'd hate to think that sematics were more important to me than substance. But hey, as more and more states ban gay marriage, maybe they'll eventually get the picture.
I happen to believe the same thing. If separate were equal it wouldn't need to be separate. How about you take matrimony and give the others marriage? Or maybe start calling yours "religious unions" but not marriages.  Nope. Here's why . . . we already have the term "marriage," not gay people. It's been a 'straight' thing all along. I'm not giving up the term that's already ours, just because someone who doesn't fit what marriage is wants to redefine it 'cause they want the word. Just 'cause they want to use it to give homosexual behavior more validity.  It's gay people (or gay lobbyists, actually) who are obsessed with the "M" word.
But you forget that you aren't giving anything up. You have it in your power to allow everyone to have the benefits of marriage. Perhaps you could consider the following comparison.  Let's say in a fake village there are dogs and cats. The people of the village find an endless supply of berry bushes in the forest nearby. Dogs try out these berries and love them a lot. So once each month, all the dogs and cats go out to the forest and gather a bunch of berries for the dogs to eat . . . .   A better analogy would be . . .  every night the dogs bark. The dogs like barking, they always have. Sometimes they bark at the moon, other times the cars that go by. Sometimes they just bark to each other.  One evening some cats come along and start trying to bark, but it's really a meow. Sometimes just as loud, sometimes just as soft. They can meow at the moon as well. But those cats insist that, darn it, they too should not be separate but equal, and so they demand that their evening sounds be called barks as well.   Even though the dogs tell them that while they're making plenty of noise as well, it's not really a bark (and that's ok), the cats only want it to be called the "b" word: barking. The cats like to make noise too. It even feels natural for them. They insist their noises are gentic. They tell the dogs they are being "oppressed" because their noises aren't called "barks." But alas, it's just not barking, no matter how much they want to call it it that. The dogs tell them that they're really trying to redefine 'barking,' but the cats just won't listen. Separate but equal just won't do!  (BTW, my dog sometimes barks at night--so far, no calls from the neighbors)
The dog in your story isn't just saying "the definition for what you do is meow, not bark", the dog is saying "I get extra rights and benefits under the law because what I do is called barking; maybe one day we'll implement some seperate benefits for everyone, but barking still gets its own legal recognition, and for now I'm going to assure that there is no way you have access to barking rights." The dog is saying something evil.  If you take civil unions though, it's like allowing the cats to meow as loud as they want, while recognizing that a meow is just not a bark.
...... No ... you bitch because you see your power dwindling. So you scream and complain about unfairness, but in truth, you are losing power and you do not like it.  You got it all wrong. I'M not the one bitching to change the definition of marriage or anything else. I LIKE the status quo in that respect. :)
You mean like right not to have your spouse testify against you in court? Or having the rights you do get recognized in a different state or country?   (Those must fall in that "cash bonanza" category we're all supposed to be greedily after... you know, the ones we're only in it for, since we don't really "give a rat's @ss" about the actual marriage relationship itself.)  How about the "right" to not pay inheritance tax when your partner kicks and leaves you a wad of cash? emoticon_xlove
What about it? YOU have it, if your wife emoticon_xlove "kicks". emoticon_xlove  If my wife dies, I lose money and her. If I die first, she'll be very comfortable, but won't have me to kick around any more. :)   Seriously, I only made the comment because in some cases, there will be a big financial windfall...just as with hetero couples. MrWrite made it sound like there was never a financial advantage and that's not the case. IIRC, gays are amongst the wealthier of the population and would probably benefit disproportionately, actually, but the numbers would still be small.
UMass Author Debunks the Myth of Gay Affluence in New Book  AMHERST, Mass. - The widespread belief that lesbians and gay men are more affluent than the general population is a myth, says M.V. Lee Badgett, associate professor of economics at the University of Massachusetts and author of the new book "Money, Myths, and Change: The Economic Lives of Lesbians and Gay Men."  The economic reality, Badgett argues, is that gay and bisexual men earn between 17 and 28 percent less than similarly qualified straight men. Lesbians and bisexual women's earnings are the same as those of heterosexual women, even though lesbians are less likely to interrupt a career to care for families and might be expected to earn more, she says.  Badgett's findings contradict marketing studies conducted in the early 1990s that claimed gay people's incomes exceed the national average - studies she says are skewed toward the affluent and well-educated. Badgett also says workplace discrimination against gay men and lesbians "is alive and well," and points out that the myth of gay affluence is often cited as an argument against tougher anti-discrimination laws.  Overall, Badgett says, "One of the main purposes of this book is to demonstrate that gay men's and lesbian's lives are characterized by economic disadvantage - not economic privilege." Using economic analysis, Badgett finds that gay men and lesbians aren't protected from discrimination by staying in the closet and they don't consume more conspicuously, or enjoy a more hedonistic, self-indulgent lifestyle. http://www.umass.edu/newsoffice/archive/2001/080701badgett.html  Evidently, there isn't agreement on whether or not it's fact or fiction from withing the gay community. emoticon_confused  http://gfn.com/archives/story.phtml?sid=10532 http://opuscommgroup.com/PressReleases/GayPurchasingPower.html
Both links just prove my point. That sudy that says gays are more affluent is flawed. It was done by a marketing group.  And who would a more appropriate polster be IYO?
I would suggest you get to know some gay couples, You may find we have about the same amount of money or less. Many gay men grow up with some self-esteem issues. On that note, you may find many don't have great jobs because they don't feel they deserve them. You are talking in big sterotypes and genralizations. Not facts.....  And I thought that actors, dancers and designers made good money. ;)
more sterotypes, but I think you were kidding. Or should I say I hope you are kidding.  Of course I was kidding. I felt the need for some levity in this thread.
Then why are you here?  Ah, because I like the status quo. emoticon_rolleyes
I wouldn't hold my breath about JP, he'd steal it in your sleep and tell you the cat did it.  Why Justincredulous, how uncivil of you. Trust me, dear, I don't need anything that he has. emoticon_rolleyes
How do you know that ;) I guess you'll just have to take my word for it. ;)
So you think stereotyping and insulting people is funny?    You mean like the stereotype that gays have no sense of humor? emoticon_rolleyes   You have a warped sense of humor.  Yes, I know. Thanks for noticing. ;)  Take a chill pill and lighten up. :)
coming to JP's defense, I thought in light of the context, it was funnt and he made a good point thorugh sarcasm in favor of gays not against us. Let read before we condemn.  Yeah, what he said. :p :)
...and I'm the one who gets slammed when I call him on it. emoticon_frazzled  I think that you're so blind to the possibility that someone as Conservative as me is actually in favor of giving you equal rights, but just isn't willing to redefine the word "marriage" to do so.
I think that you're so blind to the possibility that someone as Conservative as me is actually in favor of giving you equal rights, but just isn't willing to redefine the word "marriage" to do so.  I think you hit the nail on the head there. I know of numerous people that would identify as 'conservatives', and the truth is that there really is not nearly as much difference between their view of gay rights and the gay lobbyists here as those lobbyists would portray. Most conservatives I know DO want gays, along with everyone else to have equal rights. It's just that some gay people are hung up over redefning the institution and the "M" word.
That is because their is a large difference between civil unions and marriage. Civil unions don't have the same rights, especially on an international level. Marriage does. Giving people civil unions is giving them loaf of bread, marriage is the whole bakery. Sad that you are so hung up on a word, gays are not hung up the word, we are hung up on the rights that words provides for. You think it is about a word for us, but really the one's "hung up" on the word "marriage" would be ....... YOU! I totally disagree. What we're trying to say is we support gays having all of the rights of a hetero couple, but the only stipulation is the name of that union. Gays don't want all of the rights unless they get the name "marriage" as well. As I've stated numerous times before, I don't fit the definition of black but I'm not in the courts trying to change the definition to include me.  If civil union shad the exact same rights as marriage, fine, but we both know that is not the case and never will be the case. What about the bi-national couples? What about potability? What about the right to be near each other in nursing homes when we are old? what about federal taxes? Civil unions don't even touch on these things. Marriage on the other hand does. You are hung up on the word, we are hung up on the rights behind the word.  It's the opposite. YOU'RE hung up on the words. I believe that Conservatives like me would make sure that you had equal rights if you dropped the insistence on the term 'marriage". If your efforts were more focused on identifying the discrepancies in current law and remedying those without redefining marriage in the process, then I think you'd get farther. You still aren't grasping the significance of the term marriage amongst the majority of Americans. They don't want it redefined to include same-sex unions. Many are comfortable with civil unions that have all of the same rights without the label of marriage. Is it THAT difficult to see and comprehend? emoticon_confused
It does sound holier than thou to say you are in favor of "giving" anyone civil rights. Are we suppose to bow to this and say thank you master. It might have been better if you had phrased this in a sense that wants to see gays have their relationships seen as equal.  Agreed. No condescention meant.
If you are both truly hoping for gays to be treated equally, instead of suggesting that they should be kept out of your institution and let into some other one to which everyone has access, you would be arguing to allow them into your own institution under the law.   But marriage is fundamentally an opposite-sex institution. To say otherwise is to redefine it.  It does not make sense to have two institutions which accomplish the same thing unless those institutions are intended to have some difference.  They DO have some difference, naturally. It doesn't have to be 'intended.' Gay people have relationships with same-gender partners. This is fundamentally different than most of the rest of society. But from the standpoint of benefits (what really matters in this debate) there would be no difference--I think a portable civil union law that allowed other partner arrangements (and maybe groups more than 2 in some cases) to get benefits is the way to go.  It is unacceptable to support protecting the word "marriage" at the cost of denying benefits to same-sex couples.   I don't do so at the cost of denying benefits; that's why I think other ways (such as portable civil unions) should be explored.
Are you certain that you would work toward civil unions if gay rights activists dropped same-sex marriage?   Speaking for myself, I certainly would not oppose you and would support it. My SOLE reason for opposing what you're doing is to protect the institution of marriage, pure and simple. It has nothing to do with gay people. I'd do the same no matter who was trying so hard to redefine it.
Are you certain that you would work toward civil unions if gay rights activists dropped same-sex marriage? I cannot feel that I agree with that. I believe that conservatives holding your viewpoint tend to view themselves as good because they're compromising, but as soon as gay rights activists dropped the argument of marriage, those same conservatives would recompromise, giving homosexuals even less rights. Allow me to explain.  Civil unions are not and cannot be considered equality by an objective individual, for equality would mean that each lifestyle has access to the same benefits and institutions. Yet creating civil unions do not grant same-sex couple all of the rights of opposite-sex couples, it prevents them from getting married. Opposite-sex couples in this case have all the rights that same-sex couples have plus this extra one. Why would someone support this, why not give same-sex couples their own right, or, more appropriately, why not let everyone take part in the same institution? The answer to me is that the most important thing to those who oppose same-sex marriage must not be equality or happiness, but the fact that they are uncomfortable with homosexuals being treated just like anyone else. In my opinion, the only "right" that I wouldn't grant to gays is the term marriage (and I don't really see that as a right) And I wouldn't grant that "right" because you don't fit the definition. Just as I don't fit the definition of "woman". Period.  Perhaps I am wrong; but you live in Michigan. Are you willing to tell me: did you vote "Yes" on Proposal 2? Did you vote for an ammendment than bans both same-sex marriage and civil unions in a state where same-sex marriage is already illegal? If so, how could I possibly believe that you care at all about the rights of homosexuals, if you are so willing to instate an ammendment that forever takes their rights away?  Yes, I voted Yes on prop 2. Why? Because I saw the attempt of the gay community to use the courts to force gay marriage on the unwilling populus. The attempted use of the 14th Amendment to force gay marriage on those states which don't want it was seen as a devious backdoor strategy and I reacted accordingly. Had gays taken a more direct approach and tried to get legislative support, I may have acted differently. Knowing what I know today (and I credit this forum mostly), I would vote in favor of a state amendment that allowed civil unions with all of the rights of marriage but forbid same sex "marriage".
I don't believe that. As I have mentioned before, those who are actively against same-sex marriage also are against any recognition of same-sex relationships.  Then you don't know many of your "opponents" as well as you think you do.
But why do you not change the institution so that they fit the definition? Why not change the name, if it is the name you have a problem with? Why refuse to grant same-sex couples access to an institution which you allow yourself to enter? Why is it necessary for you to have this exclusionary legal right which people who are different from you are not allowed to participate in? Because that "institution" is one that, I believe, is sanctified by God and doesn't include same sex relationships.  So you punished gay people for asking to be allowed the same rights that you yourself enjoy? You hurt them because they wanted equality?  I voted yes because they wanted to violate the sanctity of marriage.    I do not find that a reasonable excuse. Is it appropriate to tell those people who are losing their medical insurance today that you hurt those people because you were afraid they would get access to the same marriage you have under the law? Gay rights activists are working with the government the best they can. They use the courts and try to change the minds of legislators, just like any other interest group. There is no way to get equality without working with that which the system gives you, and one who tries to use all the resources the law gives him to get the same rights that someone else has should not be punished or hurt. That person just wants equality. Sometimes when you stick your hand into a beehive you get honey and sometimes you get stung. It's all a matter of technique. Had gays not tried to use legal loopholes and ambiguity to force gay marriage on the people, things could have been different. But, instead of a quiet approach that contained a compromise of language, you chose instead to whack at the beehive.   Civil unions are not real equality, real equality does not allow for an institution under the law which only the majority-approved lifestyle has access to, real equality gives everyone those rights. There is no equality unless marriage allows same-sex couples to participate or unless marriage is abolished. Sounds like an irrational scorched earth stance that'll result in a Constitutional Amendment banning same sex marriages AND unions. Cutting off one's nose to spite one's face is poor strategy, IMO.  Still, I'm glad that you would now vote for an amendment supporting civil unions, but it does not mean much. If that amendment appears, it will not appear for a long while. Same-sex couples will continue to be hurt because of Proposal 2, and there is no excuse, no reason that can justify that harm. The snowball was pushed down the mountain by your side, mine only over-reacted to the resultant avalanche. It's now up to you to re-establish harmony, not me. I didn't stir the hive, you did. As for government benefits for same-sex partners, I won't lose any sleep over it. MY tax dollars were used without my consent to fund a group that I never agreed to support. I'm tired of Uncle Sam's benevolence with somebody else's money. emoticon_mad
If it is not a "right", then may we assume you do not have it either?  I have a "marriage" because I meet the established criteria and conditions for marriage.
If you are in such great support of equality, abolish marriage as a legal institution. Fight for civil unions and only civil unions. Leave "marriage" up to the churches. Don't fight against "same-sex marriage", fight against "marriage as a legal institution".  Why should I give up what is fundamentally for opposite-sex couples just because you insist on trying to fit a round peg in a square hole? Marriage is fundamentally opposite-sex. I say stop trying to redefine marriage to make it fit homosexual relationships. But I agree with you that marriage is a religious institution. And I'd rather see it stay sacred and important than relegated to an 'anything suffices' institution. If that means the govt. should stop giving marriage benefits altogether, so be it.
If it is not a "right", then may we assume you do not have it either?  Apparently, you don't get the fact that marriage is more than a gravy train from the government. Many of us would be married regardless of govt. benefits or not.  It's not a "right". It's not like burning flags or standing in a protest line. It's not another one of your means' to an end. It's a beautiful commitment between a man and woman. Keep your political activist hands off it.
You think? That would come as a shock.   Actually you presume, and your presumption is incorrect.  There would be no "redefining" as you are so fond of calling it. I have pointed out on several occassions that expanding a definition is not redefining in any sence. It's simply a case where someone as conservative as you is unable to understand the concept of usage.  If I "expand" the definition of fish to include birds, haven't I, in reality, redefined the word fish? emoticon_rolleyes
Then Uncle Sam has no business recognizing ANYONE'S marriage. That's your opinion and you're certainly entltled to it no matter how wrong it is. :)   Balls. Nothing bad will happen to anyone if gays can marry. Nothing. A vote against is prejudice, pure and simple. You can paint it whatever color you want and write out a poem to honor your intentions - but it's still prejudice. Again, that's YOUR opinion.  Some people call a spade a spade - and some just call it a ****ing shovel.  A spade is a particular type of shovel with a pointed blade. I can see how you have problems with the definition of marriage. emoticon_rolleyes   So basically Jaxian is right. They dared speak up for their rights and they get punished for it. Talk about a sense of entitlement! How dare they inconvenience you with their expecting to have a voice here. Just because they are law-abiding, tax-paying Americans doesn't mean they can use the democratic process like you, huh?  Hey, they used their voice. They paid their quarter and lost the game of chance. Next time, maybe they'll consider the law of unforeseen consequences before jumping from the bridge. I love how gays puhed the system with their in your face ILLEGAL TV marriages, but when the system pushed back, they cried foul. My advice to them for the future, if they can't run with the big dogs, stay on the porch.   And don't say it would have been different. The only reason there is any kind of acceptance is BECAUSE people spoke up loudly. Whacking the beehive is the only thing that ever changes status quo or injustice. Had women, or blacks or any other group just kept quite NOTHING WOULD HAVE HAPPENED.  Again, in YOUR opinion.  And you will have to continue to see people fight that. Take a look at history. People rarely just sit back and accept abuse.  Push the majority to hard and you'll have an iron-clad amendment forever banning even gay unions. Is that your intent?   I'm tired of conservative's disregard of anyone's rights but their own. And I'm tired of sanctimonious liberals trying to ram their brand of morality down my throat, so we're even. :p
This one you got bass ackwards. It's YOU guys shoving YOUR narrow, boring, bigoted brand of morality down people's throats. Nobody is asking you to be gay, or to not be stright, or to be a just little bit less in anyone's face with your straightness.  No, your just asking me to change the definition of something that I hold sacred, that's all. emoticon_rolleyes
According to your religion, marriage is fundamentally for opposite-sex couples. According to mine, it is for any couple which loves each other.   2 problems with this . . .  - The traditional view that marriage is between a man and woman is not just religious-there are those who hold to this view but aren't religious. Religion isn't the only determinant of this--common understanding is as well. Since there is no legal definition of what a marriage consists of, we much go on public understanding and tradition. (Of course DOMA is giving us a legal understanding.)  - Your view breaks not only the overwhelming tradition of marriage, but it's most fundamental aspect; it's not just another view. It's like me saying 'according to my views, I should called a black person.'   If you do not feel that marriage is for everyone. But because our nation strives toward equality and religious freedom, if you do not feel that marriage is for everyone, then you need to keep it out of the laws, because putting it into law hurts people.  By that logic we should do away with many of our govt. domestic agendas, like affirmative action and social security. And I think your claim that "it hurts people" is unfounded and unproven.  Now, in truth there are two different "marriages". There is the religious institution of marriage, which refers to religious vows between people to stay together forever. There is also the legal institution of marriage, which refers to the benefits under the law granted to people who get a piece of paper.  The second item you mention is marriage 'benefits.' The govt. give benefits based on a commitment between a man and a woman. I agree that the benefits are not the same as marriage--marriage is a commitment. A couple can be married regardless of the benefits. I think it would give gay people more credibility on this if more of them "got married" regardless of whether or not the govt. recognized it or not. That way it would look less like you all are trying to use marriage as a means to an end. To many of us, marriage is sacred and the commitment is the important part, not govt. benefits.
These marriages were not illegal, they were religious, and it is completely legal for one religion to marry any two people. My religion says that two people of the same sex can marry, and my religion can legally marry those people. Now that marriage is not recognized for benefits under the law, but neither were those "TV marriages". Nothing about it is illegal. Proposition 22 in California defined marriage as a union between a man and woman only, so any same sex marriages performed by civil authorities in California were illegal.  Anyhow, getting back to your response to my post... So what? Obviously my religion and the religion of millions of others disagrees. What does your God tell you to do when someone else with a different opinion shows up? Does he tell you to put down that religion, to deny them rights, and always make certain that your religion is one step ahead? Does he tell you to take their money, to force them to fund your relationships, then to make certain no one funds theirs? Does he tell you to hurt them? Or does he tell you to treat them as you would treat yourself, but to individually stand firm in the direction of the laws he has provided. Does he tell you to lead by example or by force? Which do you really think is the best way? I've already told you what "my God" thinks of homosexuality. He spoke loud and clear at Sodom and Gomorrah. If I was a strict Christian, I would be fighting against al gay issues, but I'm not. I'm a strong believer in the Constitution and believe that discrimination against anyone is fundamentally wrong. But, my position on the term "marriage" has never waivered and is uncompromising. Marriage is a sacrement in my religion and it isn't taken lightly or trivially. Now, I can understand that not everyone holds the same opinion of marriage as I do. The high divorce rate is evidence of that fact, but the majority of Americans are free to establish guidelines in society for what constitutes a legal marriage. They can rely on religious teachings, witch doctors, astrologers, whatever. The bottom line is that the majority believe that marriage is the union between a man and a woman and 19 states affirmed that belief in November. Period.  They wanted equal access to a legal institution and legal benefits that man happened to name "marriage". They did not want to change your religious beliefs of what marriage is, they just wanted a right under the law. Simply because some man named that right marriage does not mean that the right only applies to Christians and those who lead the Christian-approved lifestyle. It wasn't just "some man", it is the prevailing definition accepted by the majority of Americans. You continually attempt to trivialize the will of the people to establish their own standard.  Countless activisits choose to be quiet, and countless choose to wack at the hive, but it is those who wack at the hive who will eventually bring about change. Yet your hive example is flawed, for in that example, it is the bees who produce the honey, who work for it. In real life, everyone has worked for and produced the honey. Yet you keep it all for yourself because you have the power. Someone else may have helped you make the honey, but you're ready to sting them the second they ask for some. They want only what they have worked equally hard for, but you are merciless. Then when they get angry and fight for that which they have worked just as hard for, you do everything you can to make certain that they will never recieve honey, no matter how much they may deserve it. To beelabor :) the analogy, the worker bees aren't trying to redefine themselves as "queens".  As much as you may like to blame gay rights activists who demanded marriage, it is those who have denied them rights and who have taken away the ones they already had who have done evil. Gay rights activists work only toward achieving the same rights you already have, and your solution is to keep taking away their rights until they stop. Your solution is to impose the tyranny of the majority until you get your way, to take away the rights of the minority until they give in to your demands, or perhaps until they no longer have the right to argue. Once Pandora's Box was opened in Michigan, the state had no choice but to stop the practice of allowing benefits to all NEW government contractees because the people of Michigan voted that they didn't recognize same sex unions. Had the issue never been pressed, the status quo would have been preserved. In this instance, popping one's head above the foxhole got it blown off.   It might result in that now, but it will not in the long run. If you think that a stance in favor of civil unions alone will do anything except ban even more rights of homosexuals, then I have to strongly disagree. People who believe that gays are somehow less deserving than straights will not simply use reason in the face of civil unions, they will be faced with reason against their own argument, will be unable to contend with it, and they will compromise and call themselves good people. The most important part to them will be only that gays did not get everything they wanted. It would have been more in our best interested to have initially asked for both marriage and reparations, so that the compromisers could settle on only marriage. Yet such an act would not have been moral; I can only justify asking for equality. Your entire paragraph above is pure speculation and conjecture. As a very Conservative man, I'm willing to grant full equality to gays. The ONLY stipulation is that the term "marriage" can't apply. I have many Conservative and liberal friends who feel similarly. You just don't get the barrier that the term "marriage" is. That term alone may wind up forcing a Constitutional Amendment that builds a permanent wall against you. You can rationalize that it shouldn't matter, that there is a separation of Church and state, yada, yada, but none of that matters when a voter steps in the booth with nothing but his concience to answer to.  I disagree; it is the hive who has caused the stir by taking all of the honey for themselves, and it is only now that those who have been denied honey have found the nerve to speak up about it. It is your job as a morally good person to end the harm. It is your job as a morally good person to help people. How can you choose to harm people, then say "fix it yourself, I'm not going to lose any sleep over your suffering"? As I have said before, that is only evil, and when you recognize what is happening, it is your repsonsibility as a good person to correct that evil. And I'm telling you that many worker bees are more than willing to share the honey as long as you don't try to redefinel yourselves as queens. (No pun intended).  You may not lose any sleep, but others will, others whose tax dollars are being used to fund your own relationship against their will. How can you be so cold to the suffering of others; how can you care only about your own tax dollars but not the tax dollars of others? How can you care only about your own loss of sleep? I cannot understand this. On JPSartre12's hierachy of concerns, I can assure you that gay marriage is near the base. I don't see any gays dying in the streets, being shot at because they aren't married or being slowly starved to death by a scumbag husband. When your plight rises above the level of a splinter, I may reconsider. emoticon_rolleyes
But none of this changes the fact that it is morally wrong to grant rights to some which are denied to others without a good reason.  That's why I support giving you those rights in other ways besides redefining marriage. Marriage is a straight thing.  But I'm not trying to redefine a word; I'm trying to grant a civil right to everyone.  No, you're trying to make sure that only YOUR means of granting those 'rights' are put in place, by insising "marriage" be redefined to include gay people. You certainly ARE trying to redefine it. If civil rights were your real goal here, you'd be pushing for either elimination of ANY criteria for marriage benefits (straights, gay, polygamy, inter-family marriages, etc.) or you'd be willing to accept other ways to grant those rights than redefining marriage.
To beelabor :) the analogy, the worker bees aren't trying to redefine themselves as "queens".  For that matter, why should anyone think they are entitled to the honey in the beehive in first place? :)
For that matter, why should anyone think they are entitled to the honey in the beehive in first place? :)  because they too are worker bees, remember. That's the best reason that I can think of for granting equality.
Now talk about your red herrings!   More like using the word: Fluke   fluke  n 1: a stroke of luck [syn: good luck, good fortune] 2: a barb on a harpoon or arrow 3: flat blade-like projection on the arm of an anchor [syn: flue] 4: either of the two lobes of the tail of a cetacean 5: parasitic flatworms having external suckers for attaching to a host 6: any of various flatfishes, especially a flounder of the genus Paralichthys  Why Justine, you DO have a sense of humor in you after all or did you just write the above for the halibut. :)
Why Justine, you DO have a sense of humor in you after all or did you just write the above for the halibut. :)  LOL!!!!!!!!!!  The cola is ON the monitor now . . .
No, more as to the fact that you being so hardheaded and still being able to figure out how to turn on the pc everyday is a Fluke!  Well, I may flounder around the keyboard, but when it comes to a good debate, I'm a game fish. :)  My sturgeon told me that hunching over a computer all day wasn't good for my back, but I'm not ready to clam up yet.
One type of marriage is a civil right with benefits, and no civil right or benefit is "a straight thing". You support granting those rights by creating a new, "everybody thing" while keeping your own special right under the law. Although that is better than no marriage rights, so long as you have your own special right, your own law to elevate you over everyone else, there can be no equality.  Where did you get this idea that there are 2 types of marriage? It's simply a matter of the state recognizing marriage: the commitment between two people.  You keep saying that if we instituted portable civil unions, that married people would still have "special rights." But in fact the only thing they would have is that theirs is called a marriage.  That's some big special right, I tell you. emoticon_rolleyes
Tough. Maybe I hold Nikes too scared for your feet. But since your wearing them isn't gonna hurt me - that would be MY problem, I have no right to deny you Nikes due to my faith in SECULAR country.  No, but I bet you that you couldn't sell a pair of shoes called "f--k me pumps" in the US, despite Sex in the City. :p  And, in the "secular US", we still have hundreds of laws prohibiting the sale of alcohol on Sundays and all sorts of "blue laws". Why? Because the majority of people wanted them. emoticon_rolleyes
You are referring to civil authorities who decided to start granting same-sex marriage licenses then? I hardly see what your problem with this is; merely government officials stepping outside of their power in order to make a political point, and they were treated as such.  Hum, I wonder why I would have a problem with the above. emoticon_rolleyes   I believe that Sodom was destroyed for its oppression of the poor, according to the Bible, but I should not try to convince you of that. I understand that you think discrimination is wrong, but I am trying to convince you that supporting rights for your own religion and lifestyle over others is the very definition of discrimination. Wow, you must read the abridged version of the Bible. emoticon_wow I believe that society has the power to set standards of conduct that it feels are appropriate. You can't urinate on the sidewalk because that same society doesn't want that type of behavior to be tolerated. Do you agree that it has that "right"?  That would be the bottom line if it made me feel that I am wrong, but it only makes me feel that I need to work harder. The majority in those nineteen states are wrong, are hurting people, and they should not do so. The majority has persecuted in the past, and it is only by realizing that persecution that it has been overcome. I don't see the "hurting people" that you keep referring to. Please explain.   Some men, then. Lots of men. Every man, woman and child in the world. What does that change? See my comments above about society setting behaviorial standards.  Is every Christian a queen, and every homosexual a worker then? Is the role of homosexuals to work to support the queens and their own lifestyles? No, we're all worker bees, unfortunately. And our job is to maintain the hive mentality. :)   The state is revoking all medical benefits of same-sex couples in public positions, not just new ones, yet the same harm would exist even if this were not true. That is NOT entirely the case in Michigan. The state will honor all current contracts that include same-sex benefits, but it will not include those benefits in any future contract. I'm OK with that. I was never asked to extend benefits to more groups and it's my taxes that are paying their healthcare. If I was consulted, it might be different, but the state decided to be benevolent with my money and I don't agree with that. I would also be ticked off if they offered their state employees petcare or any other non-traditionally accepted benefits without consulting the voters.  This an issue of equality; people pressing to get the rights that others have, but they do not. If the majority responds to people asking for equality by punishing them, by stripping their rights, by telling them they never should have tried to get the same rights that everyone else has, then the majority has commited an evil act. The majority has no moral right to issue punishment, the majority has no moral right to blow the fox's head off, and by doing so they have hurt countless people. I cannot believe that any good person could respond to people who ask for equality by stripping more of their rights, by hurting them, then believe that he has done a good thing. Like I said, gays brought on the fight. If the fox didn't want its head blown off, it should have stayed out of the chicken coop.  If the term marriage cannot apply then you have no moral right to suggest that the term marriage should be legally recognized, for in claiming such you claim that there is a right which only you and people like you deserve. You claim that those who are live differently with different beliefs simply do not deserve all that you deserve. You elevate yourself above all others under the law. You turn a land of freedom into a land of tyranny. You hurt people. If a man's concience in the voting booth tells him that he needs to destroy equality, to hurt others, to place himself above those who are different, then that man's concience is telling him to do something evil. A man's concience tells that man to be kind to others, to treat them as he would treat himself, to not assume his own beliefs deserve elevation; it is the natural greed and selfishness of man that cause him to strip the benefits of others simply because those benefits have one name or another. More melodrama? emoticon_rolleyes To be real honest with you, I think that a moral man should be elevated above an immoral one. But being a moral man means that one agrees to treat others with equality without compromising his morality. To me, using the term "married" for same sex partners compromises my morality and I'm not interested in doing so.   Why not stop and consider who is redefining themselves above the other? Is it not those who want their own special right the ones who are defining themselves as Queens? Are homosexuals not just trying to give themselves the same rights under the law that everyone else has? You imply that homosexuals are placing themselves above the workers, but it is those who oppose same-sex marriage that would make Queens of themselves. Would you have preferred if I had used drones as an example. The point was that a worker bee doesn't fit the definition of a drone or queen and therefore can't become one...except through redefinition.  You don't see gays dying in the streets? I do. I see hate crimes and murders. Do you not think that this is partially the result of the government refusing to grant same-sex couples equality? Do you not think that by berating same-sex couples, denying them the same rights that others have, we are implying that they are less than other people, we are teaching this to our citizens? We are. I see children without medical insurance, and it is only a matter of time before we start seeing many children whose bills cannot be paid. I see people who are not allowed citizenship because their marriage is not recognized by the state. I see people who are denied food stamps, who can't take care of their loved ones in the hospital, who don't get enough food stamps for their family, who are denied inheritance, and who can't get legal custody over their loved one's children. I see a way to help with all of these problems, and I see no downside to it. More melodrama? emoticon_rolleyes I don't see gays being slain in the streets. Sorry, I see more people being struck by lightning than gays being killed in the streets. emoticon_rolleyes   Gay rights is near the top of my list, not because it is the decision that affects the most people, but because it is the only decision in which we can stop suffering, pain, and hatred without harming anyone. It's near the top of my list because it is the only issue where there is one real, correct answer. If you really don't feel that gay rights is such a big issue, then why do you insist that the term "marriage" can both never include gay people, and cannot be removed from the government? The issue hardly affects you; you'd never even know the difference. But some people do feel the difference, every day and every night. Concern yourself with their happiness and their suffering, not your own peace of mind found by denying rights with a certain name to same-sex couples. And still more melodrama. emoticon_rolleyes  You want to stop suffering, pain and hatred? Volunteer for the Peace Corps.
More melodrama? emoticon_rolleyes I don't see gays being slain in the streets. Sorry, I see more people being struck by lightning than gays being killed in the streets. emoticon_rolleyes  This claim by gay lobbyists amazes me, simply because it is one of the biggest exagerrations I've ever heard. If gays were dying by oppression at the rates they imply or claim, we'd be seeing it on a daily basis. Of course we don't, and of course it's overstated. Sure, some gay people probably die from time to time, and that's too many. But it's better to accurately portray the situation rather than overstate it for whatever reason.   The really sad thing is that everytime gay lobbyists claim gays are oppressed and killed regularly "in the streets" or wherever, it's a slap in the face to groups that really have gone through such a plight. No gay person has been enslaved due to their sexuality. And to be honest, deaths of gay people over their sexuality is really rare.  "Melodrama" hits the nail on the head.
Don't give a **** what you use the word for. You can call a bowl of fruit married if you you want. But what you are actually doing is promoting discrimination and wanting everyone to use your definition and your definition alone.  Bull. You're the one trying to redefine fruit because you want it to be a vegetable to badly. You have it exactly backwards: it's you who are insisting everyone use your definition of what marriage is, which is a NEW one--you're the one demanding everyone use your definition.  Why don't you? You enjoy watching it? Get your rocks off by hurting people, keeping them under your foot? It sure seems so with your "gonna get them XXXXXX fer annoying me" attitude.  THis was uncalled for. You know good and well no one here is wants to see gay people hurt. This is just pure chain-yanking on your part. But we don't have to sign on to such inflated hyperbole as "gay people are dying in the streets."
Can gays opt out of paying then - since they don't benefit? Who doesn't benefit? The gay employee or his partner? The gay employee certainly benefits from state-paid healthcare. It's his/her partner, that doesn't pay a dime into the system or work for the government that doesn't receive the benefit.  Shall we vote on whether blondes get to have rights and benefits next? Or how about Catholics - let's vote on whether they should. I wasn't aware that blondes were attempting to redefine marriage. :)   Go read a history book and find me one group that got anything by doing nothing. The more conservatives discriminate, the harder the opposition will fight, too. Every time a people has been oppressed this has happened. And you my not think this is oppression - but not being gay, you are hardly qualified to say, so don't even go there. Yeah, yeah, yeah, the walk a mile in my shoes mantra all over again. :)   Don't give a **** what you use the word for. You can call a bowl of fruit married if you you want. But what you are actually doing is promoting discrimination and wanting everyone to use your definition and your definition alone.  It's not my definition. It's the accepted definition for the past 700 years. :)   Well, why not actually talk to a couple of gay people and you may see something different. I would be willing to bet they have all at the very least endured threats. Joe has actually posted to being beat up for being gay - TWICE.  So you think that gays are the only victims of violence now? I'm straight and I've been harassed many times in my life JUST because I'm white and happened to be in the wrong neighborhood.   Why don't you? You enjoy watching it? Get your rocks off by hurting people, keeping them under your foot? It sure seems so with your "gonna get them XXXXXX fer annoying me" attitude. Yeah, I'm a real SOB. I give kiddies apples with razor blades in them, too. :)   And why do you roll your eyes after every sentence. Its really arrogant. Really? emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_rolleyes
What do you consider rare? It appears that in just the last month 3 people in this country have been killed for being gay that we know of. There of course could be more that we don't know of. Over the last ten years?  Matthew Shepard Brandon Teena Danny Overstreet JR Warren PFC Barry Winchell Billy Jack Gaither Bill Clayton Tyra Hunter   Sorry, I don't think this is rare. I think you are blind and ignorant of what is really happening in the world.  I'm sorry, but I beg to differ...... What you have just posted is a very small amount of people being killed for being gay..... It really does not happen all that often and many more people are killed in this nation for differing reasons.  I think many in the gay community are becoming melodramatic about this supposed issue. emoticon_rolleyes
I think you know exactly what I am saying. These dramatics of 'oh, we are an oppressed group being victimized and even slain for our lifestyle choice' is on par with groups out there trying to get reparations from the government because there ancestors were slaves. Its hogwash. emoticon_rolleyes
So much for their supposed "morality". emoticon_rolleyes   They may not advocate physical harm (including murder) to homosexuals, but they most certainly condone it, look the other way, and contend it doesn't even exist.  I don't know exactly who you mean by "they", but speaking for myself, I do NOT condone it, I do NOT "look the other way", and I do NOT contend it doesn't exist. It's not too much to ask that we not use hyperbole and be realistic in our assessments. No one here is saying that from time to time gay people are not hurt or even killed for being gay.
And yet you support; in fact preach, the prejudices, intolerance, myths, and discrimination upon which such acts are based.  Non sequitor.  Your statement here is akin to criticizing any random gun-owner in this country for the Columbine shooting. People can hold to a view and unless you can draw a line of influence, there is no causal relationship.  You don't seem to understand that the vicious acts of murderers and the moral view of people who don't agree that homoseuxal acts are ok are not the same thing. You don't get to use the heinous crimes of murderers to lash out at religious people for having beliefs.
Those who kill based on sexual orientation do so because they believe that people of a different sexual orientation are evil.    Do you know the mind of a killer? How do you know it's not simply rooted in hate, as opposed to a belief that something is "evil?"  In cases where people murder gay people, religion shouldn't be blamed. After all religion also condemns stealing, but if someone kills a thief, we don't blame the people who hold to the view that stealing is wrong. To claim or imply that 'it follows' to say that gay people are murdered as a result of religious teaching without showing a causal relationship is a logical fallacy known as a non sequitor, which is what you are using. In fact it does NOT follow, unless you can prove a causal relationship.  It would therefore be possible to state that if a religious group which teaches others that homosexuals are sinners had not done so, those murderers may never have learned to hate homosexuals, and they would never have committed those crimes.  You don't know this. Your statement implies that a religious view that gay sex is sinful is akin to or leads to hate, and that is a faulty premise. I know of plenty of religious people who don't agree that gay sex is ok, but they don't "hate" gay people. Automatically equating a religious and/or moral view with "hate" may be a helpful tactic for your movement, but those of use who expect to see proof of a causal relationship when you claim it's there will call you on it every time.
random gun-owners do not advocate or preach the intolerance, prejudice, and myths that you do.   "Random" people who hold to the view that gay sex is wrong do not advocate or preach the intolerance, prejudice, and myths either, and most importantly they may in fact not hate you at all.  I don't.
"I was disgusted with what I was doing. And quite frankly, I just thought to myself, 'If I shut these places [parks where gay men met each other] down, my temptation to do that would be less.' I would think to myself, 'This is a constructive, moral thing to be doing.' And I certainly didn't just come up with that idea. I watched The 700 Club sometimes with Pat Robertson -- they're constantly talking about gays."    So the perpetrator didn't have the sense to tell the difference between disapproval of gays and killing them. Sounds like the perpetrator has some serious issues.  He did it, he said, because they were gay and God told him to.   So in this case, he's hearing voices. Not teachings of religious leaders.  Even if these two isolated cases were legit, it's invalid to generalize these to every case where gay people are killed.
You may not hate me individually, but you are certainly here day after day promoting your religious beliefs at the expense of other's civil rights. And yes, you DO advocate intolerance, prejudice, and myths.  The problem is that you keep saying it's "at the expense of other's civil rights." Like it or not, that's a matter of opinion that it even is. Like it or not, it's a matter of opinion that you are entitled to the civil right of redefining marriage. Like it or not, it's a matter of opinion whether or not anyone can come along and do that if they want.  I'm not here to "promote" anything. I'm because I enjoy debate and discussion. Not everyone has an agenda. And no, I don't advocate intolerance, prejudice, and myths. In fact, it's YOU who are doing that by trying to lash out at religious people blaming them them for murderers. (You should know better--people blame gay people for this sort of thing sometimes as well, and you're doing the same thing.)
Most hate crimes are carried out by otherwise law-abiding young people who see little wrong with their actions. Alcohol and drugs sometimes help fuel these crimes, but the main determinant appears to be personal prejudice, a situation that colors people's judgment, blinding the aggressors to the immorality of what they are doing. Such prejudice is most likely rooted in an environment that disdains someone who is "different" or sees that difference as threatening. One expression of this prejudice is the perception that society sanctions attacks on certain groups. For example, Dr. Karen Franklin, a forensic psychology fellow at the Washington Institute for Mental Illness Research and Training, has found that, in some settings, offenders perceive that they have societal permission to engage in violence against homosexuals.    Says nothing about religion.  MrWrite, the rest of your links on this are blogs and gay lobby-based sites. For someone who has spent a substantial number of posts attacking Unkerpaulie in another thread for biased sources, you don't seem to have taken your own advice.
I disagree ... Unless it pertains to motive. And if someone kills a gay person because "gawd sais it's wrong" and that is what they've been hearing at church every sunday, then the issue is quite relevant. No one here is lashing out at all religious people. However, all the people who are spearheading efforts to prevent GLBT people from obtaining even basic discrimination protection belong to religious organizations.  AFA, TVC, CWA, the Catholic Church, the Mormon Church, Southern Baptists, the Westboro Baptist Church - just to name a few - are the ones you see out there screaming about special rights, and 'morals' and - my all time favorite - the children must be protected.  Putting HUGE groups of people in this (Mormons, Catholics, and Baptists) alongside Westboro Baptist church only shows your misunderstanding of things. It's like criticizing both the NRA and ALL gun-owners in the same sentence, as if 'gun owners' in general are not mostly simply owning guns. Do you have ANY idea how many people world-wide are Catholic? And you put them alongside Fred Phelps' one "church", which happens to perhaps be the most virulent anti-gay group in the country, condemned by Christians and other churches as well? This is pure intellectual dishonesty.  Yes, when you generalize and blame religious people for nutcases who go and kill someone they hate, you ARE irrationally lashing out at religion, as well as demonstrating ignorance and misunderstanding. The irony is that Phelps would irrationally blame gays for actions of a very few in a heartbeat, and you are doing the very same thing by blaming religion for the actions of a few nutcases. So in regard to generalization and irrational blame-games, you aren't very far from Phelps yourself.
No gay person recieves marriage benefits, and they should therefore not be paying to fund yours by your logic. If you cannot claim they are funding your marriage, then you cannot claim that you would be funding theirs. As I have said, you are forcing others to pay for your relationship and children, but refusing to pay for theirs. I have news for you, pal. No gays are paying dime one of my healthcare. I'm not a state employee, federal employees, etc., I work in industry. As for government benefits to married people, I've already said that I don't have a problem with gay couples receiving benefits that they also paid into. The difference is that my state ruled gay unions were illegal and as such couldn't be funded with state taxpayer money.  But it is no longer the accepted definition by everyone.  No, only every state  that had it on the ballot in November.  You are aware that blacks redefined slavery, certainly.   They certainly didn't redefine it. Slavery was made illegal, not redefined. emoticon_wow   I don't think redefining an institution has anything to do with this at all; if same-sex marriage were made legal, you would fight to illegalize it. You would change that definition. It is the fact that you do not want same-sex couples to marry that guides your opinion. It is what is morally right that counts here; redefining an evil institution to make it a good one is always the right idea, no matter how many years that institution has been in place. It's ironic that ONLY gays would call the institution of marriage "evil". Maybe that just demonstrates the level of absurdity to which your desperation has descended.  It takes more than just being nice to children and putting smiley faces at the ends of your sentences to be a good person. Of course you already realize this. No matter how good you try to be in other areas, so long as you let hatred and vengeance guide you to hurt others, you will be doing something evil. It's not hatred and vengence that guides me to fight against gays using the term marriage, it's my morality.   Yes, but arrogance alone isn't evil. It doesn't cause anyone harm, and when considered on its own, I personally have no problem with it. I do have a problem with hurting others, though. Ditto.
This should not be a matter of debate. There is no doubt that the stance you take mandates a special civil right for the exclusive use of opposite-sex couples.   Then why do you have the right to marry an opposite sex partner too? Since marriage is an opposite-sex institution fundamentally, you can marry right now, if you wanted. But instead you want to redefine the institution of marriage. It is you who are wanting special rights. I realise you are not attracted to opposite-sex people and therefore don't want to get married (by the fundamental standard, anyway). But people turn down state benefits all the time when they don't fit the criteria, for many things. That's the way it works.   The debate here is only over whether that law is harmful, over the moral right to change it, you might say. I do not see how the debate can be understood in any fashion other than supporters of same-sex marriage working toward everyone having a more equal access to rights under the law, while opponents of same-sex marriage work to assure that opposite-sex couples continue to have an exclusive right under the law that only they are entitled to.  It's really a matter of you wanting to redefine marriage, to custom-fit it to what you want. The only real legal basis you have to say that marriage is a "civil right" is the Loving case, which was about interracial marriage. But that case viewed marriage as opposite-sex; it didn't account for anyone coming along and redefining it at a fundamental level. So I would agree marriage, as fundamentally and traditionally understood, (opposite-sex) is a civil right. Remaking it into anything else to fit any circumstances isn't, anymore than remaking social security to fit any age group, disability to fit non-handicapped people, or affirmative action to fit any race, even white people.
Lovings vs Virgina is used because it declared marriage a civil, basic right and it is.  Sure, as opposite-sex, of course. As that's what marriage is.
for marriage stays the same for every person who enjoys it now, and it stays the same for all new people who would be able to participate in it.  Well, except that they will know the institution they have embraced is now more open-ended and more watered-down. There's something to be said for keeping marriage a special thing, IMO. It's special when a man and woman commit to each other.  Marriage is certainly a civil right, for a civil right is any action or benefit granted to an individual by the law. I don't see how you could say that marriage does not qualify as a civil right.  I guess you could say it qualifies in the same sense of any everyday thing. The phrase "civil right" has a tendency to evoke memories of segregation, Martin Luther King Jr., women's suffrage, etc. I don't think gay rights falls under that catagory, because gay people aren't threatened and denied anywhere near the level these other groups were, if any. (And if they are denied, it can be attributed to gays' behavior as opposed to racism, but that's another debate.) But I can agree that couples' benefits are a right that individuals should have access to, and so gay people should get them if they need them. We should find ways to meet those needs. But not by redefining marriage. Marriage is a commitment between a man and a woman.  When I claim that denying marriage to same-sex is unequal, tyrannical, and harmful,   These terms are so loaded they hardly fit the context, if at all. To be true and accurate to the situation, I wouldn't use a word like "tyranny" which evokes thoughts of the situation being a lot worse than it is.  When we grant social security, disability benefits, and affirmative action, we are indeed denying everyone else civil rights. We are indeed discriminating against everyone else. And if there was not a very, very good reason to discriminate like that, I would be outraged. But there is a very, very good reason; disabled people need the extra benefits. Older people need the extra benefits.  Couples need the benefits of marriage as well. What's the difference? A young or healthy person could argue they "need" disability benefits as easily as you argue you "need" marriage benefits. You are arguing that disability, SS, and affirmative action is ok because it is genuinely needed--so are marriage benefits to couples. Someone not disabled could probably really use a disability check too at times, just like gay people can claim to really need marriage benefits at times.  They are taking these extra benefits only to elevate themselves, their beliefs, and their lifestyle above everyone else. They take these benefits out of greed, selfishness, or a desire to discourage people from being different.   Come on now, don't you think this is a bit presumtuous and over-the-top? You are attributing motive when you couldn't possibly know what it is in every case.  I do not believe that you would cause such harm simply because you don't want to change the Webster definition of marriage.  Ironically I defend marriage for the very opposite reason you think: because I consider it very sacred and important. I don't want the institution watered down.
 I can understand that anything that is special only to you makes you feel like you're part of something special, but our these are laws we're talking about; they can't pick and choose who gets that special feeling and who doesn't. That special feeling one might get knowing that only opposite-sex couples get marriage will be offset by the feeling of sorrow a same-sex couple experiences when they are left with only a civil union.  The problem is that the govt. recognizes that special feeling. It's not a matter of two separate types of marriage, it's a matter of the govt. recognizing the religious ceremony.  Perhaps we should again say that the govt. should simply give "couples' benefits" and stay out of marriage altogether.  Also, I think you are giving national portable civil unions WAY to bad of a rap here. It's simply a way for the govt to provide the benefits you need for gay unions (or "marriage", if you will). You can still call it what you want. If you are getting the benefits you need, and you can still call it marriage, ultimately your hangup is over semantics. IF the situation were reversed, I wouldn't be so concerned about what the govt. called my marriage. I'd have a marriage either way, regardless of what the govt. said. That's why I can't understand nor can I identify with why so many gay people seem to think there is something magical about govt. sanction. If their relationships are truly based on love and commitment, they won't wait around for the govt. like so many gay couples did in San Francisco and Massachusetts. I just can't indentify with that mindset. Marriage is not even about what the govt. does, and that's why so many straight people are put off by this movement of yours, which seems to cheapen the whole thing and misses the point altogether of what marriage is. ALL the govt is doing is giving some benefits in recognition of these marriage commitments. We can do the same thing for gay people, regardless of what it's called.   Blacks certainly had it far worse; they had almost no civil rights, and we are talking about only a few civil rights for homosexuals. But although blacks had it worse, it is not much more morally acceptable to deny a few civil rights than it is to deny a lot. No one here would claim that blacks are not being discriminated against if they were denied even one civil right that is allowed to whites, and no one here could call that morally good.   There isn't even any comparison. Blacks were slaves for hundreds of years and considered property. To claim gay people are anywhere close to that is distasteful in the least and insulting at the worst. You are trying to piggyback off the black civil rights movement by invoking it to further your movement, when in fact you are nowhere close to it in terms of civil rights violations. I'd argue the very phrase "civil rights violations" is a big stretch when it comes to gay people, these days anyway.   As for finding a way to meet the needs of homosexuals, I do not think their needs can be met so long as heterosexuals have some right which they do not, for as long as that is the case, then society will be teaching that homosexuality is wrong and less deserving of rights.  But if they both have "couples' benefits", neither would have rights the other didn't have. Again, your hangup is obviously over semantics.   Each person should have an equal right to promote and teach his or her own belief, and so long as heterosexuals have extra rights under the law, that equality will never exist.  Ok, then we should make sure you have couples' benefits as well.   That's why I support recognizing your relationships in other ways.    I use tyranny because tyranny is a very bad thing, and denying the same rights to same-sex couples that opposite-sex couples have is in fact tyranny.   Again, the use of "tyranny" in this context is hyperbole. No one is being tyrannical toward you. I'd say all in all you probably have a pretty good and comfortable life here in America and an honest assessment would show you don't have it bad at all, most likely. One case where some get benefits and you don't hardly constitutes "tyranny."   I shouldn't claim to be all-knowledgable, but these are the only motives that make sense to me. Why would someone choose to deny rights to one group but not another, if granting those rights to both groups harms no one? I can think of no explanations except greed, selfishness, or a desire to discourage people from being different. I suppose I should also add misinformation.  I could say the same about the motives of the gay lobby and say that its motives are malevolent.   Most people who are trying to protect the institution of marriage are doing it because they care about it, not as some sort of attack on you.
My point here is that I do not understand why you think you are the one who is protecting marriage, and I do not understand why you think that allowing more people to take part in it is a bad idea, unless I use one of those motives to justify it.   Because in this case the institution itself has to be redefined to do that. One of the the most fundamental aspects of marriage is that it is between a man and a woman.  What I mean is: what is the real reason you want to deny same-sex marriage?  I don't want to "deny" anyone anything. I want gay couples to have the benefits they need. I just don't want to see marriage redefined to do that.  I do not understand why you think marriage should not be changed in the manner I have described,   Because I don't see any good reason to redefine a time-honored institution that is downright sacred to many people, just because you insist on that being the only want you want to receive couple's benefits. It's like replacing a car because the taillight is out.  I do not understand why you think marriage should be exclusive,   It is exclusive by it's very nature. It's not that I think it should be, it's that I recognize that it IS. When a man and a woman commit to one another, it IS an exclusive, special thing.  and I do not understand why you think are you are protecting marriage.  Because the institution of marriage is under attack by your movement, pure and simple. I think it is needless to change it, when we can meet your needs in other ways.
Good post jitobear.  JP is a close minded, ignorant republican, thats all.  Wrong, I'm a Jeffersonian Liberal. :p
The right to marry an opposite-sex partner is a right that is designed specifically to prevent gay people from making use of it. To claim that homosexuals have equal rights is to decieve yourself; marriage has a set of restrictions that precisely say, "If you want to be married, you've got to stop being homosexual." I have used this example in the past, and I will continue to use it every time you claim that homosexuals have equal rights because they can simply marry someone of the opposite sex: restricting marriage to same-sex couples is no less equal than restricting rights to people who practice Christianity. Certainly anyone can choose to stop practicing Christianity, to stop being Christian, but if such a law were in place, no one could rightly claim that Christians have the same rights as anyone else. You can't be married because you don't meet the criteria for marriage. Just as I don't meet the criteria for AA and I'm not trying to redefine minority to include white males am I?  When people turn down government benefits because they do not meet the criteria, those people are always and every time being discriminated against, and those people are always and every time denied rights. Every benefit granted is the denial of that benefit to someone else. But there is usually a good reason to discriminate and to deny those people rights. I'm being discriminated against because I can't collect Social Security. The fact that I'm only 48 should have no bearing, it's age discrimination!!! See how ludicrous that kind of argument is? If I don't meet the criteria, NO SALE.  I guess I might as well mention that I am bisexual, not homosexual, and since this makes 96% of the people I might choose to spend my life with female, I would be surprised if I ended up marrying a male, though it may happen. For me, engaging in sexual relations with members of the same sex would completely be a choice. What I mean is that I'm not fighting for that possibility that I might benefit from same-sex marriage; I support same-sex marriage because there are people out there who will fall in love with someone of the same sex, and those people deserve the same rights and benefits under the law that anyone else has. Ah, so being gay is really a choice? emoticon_confused   An incredible debate could go on about whether or not loosen a restriction on marriage warrants the term "redefining marriage", for marriage stays the same for every person who enjoys it now, and it stays the same for all new people who would be able to participate in it. The claim that it is being "redefined" simply because we want to allow more people to get married may very well be inappropriate. Yet I will not make that argument; I will say simply that if lessening a restriction on marriage constitutes redefining it, then I can say with as much certainty as I am able that it is morally evil to not redefine it, to leave it as it is. But redefining marriage is morally objectionable to a MAJORITY of Americans, therefore, pushing redefinition is the kiss of death to gay marriage AND civil unions as we have seen in states with ballot initiatives in 2004.  Marriage is certainly a civil right, for a civil right is any action or benefit granted to an individual by the law. I don't see how you could say that marriage does not qualify as a civil right. When I say that homosexuals are denied civil rights, I mean that they are denied the same rights under the law that others recieve. The fact that marriage is a civil right doesn't necessarily mean that everyone should get marriage, but certainly we are denying people civil rights if we deny them marriage. When I claim that denying marriage to same-sex couples is unequal, tyrannical, and harmful, those are the reasons that homosexuals deserve marriage (well, they deserve the same rights everyone else has, whether that is marriage or not). Because giving more rights to heterosexuals than to homosexuals is unequal, tyrannical and harmful, and because there is no good reason to do that, it is morally evil to support giving heterosexuals extra rights. Agreed......just call it something other than marriage. Is that too hard to comprehend for gays? emoticon_rolleyes   When we grant social security, disability benefits, and affirmative action, we are indeed denying everyone else civil rights. We are indeed discriminating against everyone else. And if there was not a very, very good reason to discriminate like that, I would be outraged. But there is a very, very good reason; disabled people need the extra benefits. Older people need the extra benefits. So we, as a good government, try to help out these people who aren't able to help themselves; we try to help those with disadvantages.  Let's consider the constitutionality of your above statements. Uncle Sam has no legal charter to engage in the creation and administration of social programs. By doing so, it is acting extra-constitutionally. It compounds its illegality by denying equal protection to all citizens.  Yeah, it's not fair to the majority of people, but being disabled or old isn't fair either. In the case of opposite-sex couples, they do not need the extra benefits any more than same-sex couples do. They are taking these extra benefits only to elevate themselves, their beliefs, and their lifestyle above everyone else. They take these benefits out of greed, selfishness, or a desire to discourage people from being different. I'm sure you deny this, but consider why you oppose same-sex marriage. You have stated that your religion says it is wrong, but why do you therefore decide to deny rights to those who believe differently? Is it not because you do not want people to be homosexual? Is it not because you want people to believe as you do? I do not believe that you would cause such harm simply because you don't want to change the Webster definition of marriage.  When marriage benefits were enacted, there was no great cry from gays that they were discriminated against. Marriage benefits predate any and all efforts by gays to be included in marriage. To claim that married people "take these benefits out of greed, selfishness or a desire to discourage people from being different" is just plain silly. I can assure you that thumbing their noses at gays wasn't even remotely on the minds of the legislators who first enacted laws beneficial to married couples. To claim nefarious motives is just unbelievable and very out of character for you. You are usually far more logical in your arguing. I'll have to attribute that statement to what we call here a "brain fart". :)
Those who kill based on sexual orientation do so because they believe that people of a different sexual orientation are evil. It would therefore be possible to state that if a religious group which teaches others that homosexuals are sinners had not done so, those murderers may never have learned to hate homosexuals, and they would never have committed those crimes. However, this ignores the fact that an individual must be held responsible for his own actions, and it further ignores the possibility that the religion also teaches that others should not be murdered. I disagree. I've never heard of a Christian killing a gay because they were evil. Evil people kill people and sometimes the victims are gay. Sometimes the victims are weak men or women or other easy marks. There is an evil element out there that doesn't need an excuse to rob, rape and murder.  Religions should have the freedom to believe what they wish so long as their members do not hurt anyone else, even if a misinterpretation of those values cause one sick man to murder another. Yet our laws cannot be so liberal. Our laws must treat individuals equally unless there is good reason to deny that equality, for if they don't then the reason implied to the nation. If we deny people any right without reason, then the reason can only be that those people are less than everyone else, that there is no equality. I would not blame a religion for a murder, but it is still unacceptable to transfer those religious beliefs into our laws. It is never okay to restrict rights or benefits simply because you believe your own religion is better than your neighbor's. Most of our laws have a basis in religious morality. To deny it is to deny reality.
Well ther is also the goodrich case in Mass and the case in New york, those rulings will be used as well. Lovings vs Virgina is used because it declared marriage a civil, basic right and it is.  Did you actually read the SCOTUS ruling? Here's the salient portion:  The Equal Protection Clause requires the consideration of whether the classifications drawn by any statute constitute an arbitrary and invidious discrimination. The clear and central purpose of the Fourteenth Amendment was to eliminate all official state sources of invidious racial discrimination in the States.  There can be no question but that Virginia's miscegenation statutes rest solely upon distinctions drawn according to race. The statutes proscribe generally accepted conduct if engaged in by members of different races. Over the years, this Court has consistently repudiated "distinctions between citizens solely because of their ancestry" as being "odious to a free people whose institutions are founded upon the doctrine of equality." At the very least, the Equal Protection Clause demands that racial classifications, especially suspect in criminal statutes, be subjected to the "most rigid scrutiny," Korematsu v. United States (1944), and, if they are ever to be upheld, they must be shown to be necessary to the accomplishment of some permissible state objective, independent of the racial discrimination which it was the object of the Fourteenth Amendment to eliminate. Indeed, two members of this Court have already stated that they "cannot conceive of a valid legislative purpose . . . which makes the color of a person's skin the test of whether his conduct is a criminal offense."  There is patently no legitimate overriding purpose independent of invidious racial discrimination which justifies this classification. The fact that Virginia prohibits only interracial marriages involving white persons demonstrates that the racial classifications must stand on their own justification, as measures designed to maintain White Supremacy. We have consistently denied the constitutionality of measures which restrict the rights of citizens on account of race. There can be no doubt that restricting the freedom to marry solely because of racial classifications violates the central meaning of the Equal Protection Clause.   The SCOTUS ruling specifically addressed race...nothing else.
Not that I agree with much of JP's thinking, you should give him credit. Unlike many of the anti's here he does try to keep his mind open, but has his own convictions. I don't agree with that, but I do respct it. He also debates with the pro-gay posters in a civil manner 99% of the time. That is alot more credit than shaggy, jyoshu or some of the others should ever get. Thanks. I have been known to sling shat when shat has been slung at me, but do try to keep it civil with those who extend the same courtesy to me. I do get angry at times when I'm called a bigot simply because I don't hold all of the same views of someone else and I don't apologize for holding the term marriage sacred. I've been married to my wife for 26+ years and we both  believe in the Catholic concept of marriage as a holy sacrement, not to be taken lightly.  Some of you might go bakc and read the thread about "civil debate" on gay marriage. Jp kept an open mind and even changed some of his thinking along the way. Indeed I have. I used to believe that allowing gay marriages or civil unions was equivalent to creating a new dependent class, putting more people on the public dole. The facts, surprisingly, were exactly the opposite. That changed my mind on allowing equal benefits for all couples, but still didn't change my fundamental belief that marriage was reserved for male/female relationships only.   Keep your friends close and your enimies closer!  Back at ya. :)
The Mormon and Catholic Churches (the institutions - since you seem to love them so much) have been bankrolling the people who have been pushing all those constitutional amendments  And your proof of this claim is?   not to mention using their pulpits to denigrate GLBT people. Some have even gone so far as to tell their followers that they are bad christians for voting for a Democrat in the presidential elections.  I doubt you've heard a single one do that. And chances are there are pulpits who have said the same thing about voting Republican. If you had begun your tirade saying that "some" in the Mormons and RCC are like Phelps or are against gays, you might have some credibility in your statements. But all you've really shown is a propensity for broad, sweeping generalization.  Honey, I hardly generalize.   Ahem . . . you certainly have here. :)   My goodness, even Jimmy Carter got up on TV to say how disappointed he was with his own church (the Southerb Baptists) for its stance on gays in general.   So Jimmy Carter knows that some in the church are against gays, some not. Unlike you who generalizes the whole church by the actions of someand can't seem to tell the difference between someone who simply expresses an opinion that the Bible frowns on gay sex from someone who pickets gay peoples' funerals and holds "God hates f@gs" signs. Many of the same people who you are generalizing in the church condemn Phelps as well. But I don't expect you to notice that, since you apparently think a billion or two church goers also picket gay victims' funerals.  And need I remind you that - according to some - the last election was decided primarily on the basis of constitutional amendments banning gay marriage.  You don't need to remind me. You have your own movement to blame for the backlash you are experiencing these days. Both the election AND constitutional amendments are a part of that backlash.
You should read some of the testimony posted by.. Uh... MrWrite, was it? Regardless, I do not mean that Christians are murdering people, but that teaching people that homosexuals are evil breeds hate in evil people. Our laws cannot engage in that teaching.  It's easy and convenient to claim somthing to the effect of "Christians are killing gay people" or their "teachings are causing gays to die" when nutcases who are associated with a church somewhere act against Christian teaching and do something evil. But people do this all the time who are not so-called Christians as well, and who are not associated with a church or Christian teaching. There are nutcases in all walks of life, unfortunately.   Christian teaching that stealing is bad has not resulted in widespread killing of petty theives. Teaching that lying is wrong has not resulted in widespread killing of liars. Why should we think that the teaching is the real cause of nutcases who have commited acts of violence against gays? Why should we not assume it's the culprit who has issues? I think it is probably more accurate to assume that a prejudiced and evil person will be prejudiced and evil, regardless of what they hear in church, in most cases anyway. More likely most of these cases are people with preconceived extreme prejudices who found bad religious teaching to be an easy excuse. The teaching wasn't the cause, but the justification (in their minds) for something they would have done anyway.  The bottom line is that the whole idea that Christian teaching leads to gay deaths is a non sequitor--you need to show a causal relationship for it to fly. In my opinion, true Christianity has done far MORE good for people in the world (gay people included) than any harm. I certainly don't see too many gay lobby organizations running soup kitchens to feed the homeless or calling for aid to oversea poverty victims. That's not to say they should be (as that's not their focus), but the point is that we need to keep things in perspective and not use the news of nutcases who do violence against gays as an excuse to lash out at religious teaching or religious groups in general. Or assume a causal relationship to be there when there's not proof of it, for that matter. Most religious people are good people IMO, and religious groups are doing a great deal of good that I'd hate to see the world be without.
He also debates with the pro-gay posters in a civil manner 99% of the time. That is alot more credit than shaggy, jyoshu or some of the others should ever get.  Where have I been uncivil to you? And I've never called you or gay sex "filthy", called you names, or such, as Shaggy has.  Just curious.
If people on TV news shows, public spokespeople, political leaders, and non-Christian clergy devoted large amounts of air-time and energy each week to denouncing Christians as perverted sinners who were destroying the fabric of the American way of life, and numerous websites sprang up to echo their sentiments, and posters on internet fora spent an inordinate amount of their days to voice support and agreement with these same views... and subsequently people started brutally killing Christians just for being Christians--not frequently, but in disproportionate numbers... I highly doubt there is anyone here who would say there was no connection or causality between the murders and the climate of hostility that had been created.  Much less disdainfully dismiss their reports as "rare" or mere "melodrama."  I guess you don't watch to much TV News. For example, everytime a Catholic Priest is charged with child molestation or a minister is charged with having sex with a parishoner, there's a news blitz and liberal feeding frenza. I'd say that overall, the major media goes out of its way to dig up anti-Christian stories.
Didn't know you were a socialist. Thanks for the clarification.  It was a metaphor, get over it. emoticon_rolleyes
http://www.umaffirm.org/gaither.html  All I can say is "what a load of BS" emoticon_mad
Putting HUGE groups of people in this (Mormons, Catholics, and Baptists) alongside Westboro Baptist church only shows your misunderstanding of things. It's like criticizing both the NRA and ALL gun-owners in the same sentence, as if 'gun owners' in general are not mostly simply owning guns. Do you have ANY idea how many people world-wide are Catholic?  1 billion people are Catholic and I've NEVER heard a priest preach intolerance towards gays.  And you put them alongside Fred Phelps' one "church", which happens to perhaps be the most virulent anti-gay group in the country, condemned by Christians and other churches as well? This is pure intellectual dishonesty.  Agreed. We could have taken the low road and posted links to fringe gay organizations that preach extreme perversion but we've attempted to keep the high road and not look for the lowest examples of behavior. Christians don't promote the death of innocent people, born or unborn, for that matter. Don't lump Christianity with kooks who happen to have stepped into a church and misrepresent the message they heard there.  Yes, when you generalize and blame religious people for nutcases who go and kill someone they hate, you ARE irrationally lashing out at religion, as well as demonstrating ignorance and misunderstanding. The irony is that Phelps would irrationally blame gays for actions of a very few in a heartbeat, and you are doing the very same thing by blaming religion for the actions of a few nutcases. So in regard to generalization and irrational blame-games, you aren't very far from Phelps yourself. It was a cheap attempt to link Christianity with violence against gays and it was just flat out BS. emoticon_mad
Maybe you just weren't listening or you would hear the intolerance of the Catholic church as they deem homosexuals evil.  http://www.365gay.com/newscon05/03/031805funeral.htm  Calif. Gay Man Denied Catholic Funeral  by Matt Johns 365Gay.com Los Angeles Bureau   Posted: March 18, 2005 11:01 am ET  San Diego, California) The Roman Catholic bishop of San Diego has decreed that a prominent gay businessman cannot receive a Catholic funeral in any parish in the diocese.   John McCusker, 31, died suddenly March 13 of an apparent heart attack at the Mammoth Mountain Ski Resort where he was on vacation.   McCusker's family sought to have his funeral at his alma mater, the University of San Diego, which is associated with the diocese.   Initially, the university agreed to hold the funeral and then suddenly declined. When they were turned down stunned family members approached two parish churches and were rebuffed.   In a statement released Thursday, Rodrigo Valdivia, chancellor for the Diocese of San Diego, said that no parish in the diocese would hold the funeral because McCusker had owned two gay nightclubs.    Why not post the rest of the story? By only posting the initial story, you give an unfair impression? But, of course a website called 365gay isn't going to be accused of being "fair and balanced" so in the interest of being fair, here's the rest of the story.   Bishop Apologizes For Denying Funeral To Gay Bar Owner Friends, Family Express Relief, Surprise  POSTED: 8:54 pm PST March 21, 2005 UPDATED: 12:24 pm PST March 22, 2005  SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego diocese has issued a written apology to the family of John McCusker, a gay man recently denied a funeral for having businesses "inconsistent with Catholic teaching." http://www.nbcsandiego.com/news/4305841/detail.html    or  Pope Tells Protestant Churches To Bar Gays by Malcolm Thornberry 365Gay.com European Bureau Chief   (Vatican City) Pope John Paul on Saturday warned Protestant churches that liberal views toward homosexuality would result in the Vatican withdrawing from ecumenism.   The Pope's remarks came during a service to mark the 40th anniversary of the Second Vatican Council which led the Catholic Church into a period of ecumenism with other Christian Churches.  "Unfortunately, we are faced with new problems, especially those of an ethical nature, where new divisions which impede a common witness have sprouted," he said.  Seven-thousand people attended the service in St Peter's Basilica, including representatives of Anglican and Protestant Churches as well as members of the Orthodox Church, which split from Rome in the Great Schism of 1054.  The Pope's warning was seen as particularly threatening to the Anglican Church which broke away from Rome in 1534 but which in recent times has made overtures of reconciliation.  Anglicans are divided over the election of openly gay bishop Gene Robinson in the American wing of Anglicanism.   A report to the leader of the worldwide Anglican faith last month called for the Episcopal Church, the American name for Anglicanism, to apologize for Robinson's elevation, and it chastised Canadian Anglicans for allowing the blessings of same-sex relationships.  Here's what the Pope said about gay priests "It would be lamentable if, out of a misunderstood tolerance, they ordained young men who are immature or have obvious signs of affective deviations that, as is sadly known, could cause serious anomalies in the consciences of the faithful, with evident damage for the whole Church."  Here's the official position of the Catholic Church on homosexuality.  The Catholic Church's official position on homosexuality can be found in the Catechism of the Catholic Church:   2358. The number of men and women who have deep-seated homosexual tendencies is not negligible. They do not choose their homosexual condition; for most of them it is a trial. They must be accepted with respect, compassion, and sensitivity. Every sign of unjust discrimination in their regard should be avoided. These persons are called to fulfill God's will in their lives and, if they are Christians, to unite to the sacrifice of the Lord's Cross the difficulties they may encounter from their condition. 2359. Homosexual persons are called to chastity. By the virtues of self-mastery that teach them inner freedom, at times by the support of disinterested friendship, by prayer and sacramental grace, they can and should gradually and resolutely approach Christian perfection.
Agreed. We could have taken the low road and posted links to fringe gay organizations that preach extreme perversion but we've attempted to keep the high road and not look for the lowest examples of behavior. Christians don't promote the death of innocent people, born or unborn, for that matter. Don't lump Christianity with kooks who happen to have stepped into a church and misrepresent the message they heard there.  Well said.  It was a cheap attempt to link Christianity with violence against gays and it was just flat out BS. emoticon_mad  Indeed; one would think that the PIQ would know better than to lump HUGE groups of Chrisitans worldwide in with Phelps, given that some have made the same type of erroneous generalizations against gay people at times. Phelps and his hate group is an extremist--it only takes a tiny amount of honest and genuine evaluation to know that he doesn't represent the Christian church.
It was a bad one. Accept the criticism and deal with it.  This is a debate forum after all.  Oh, this was meant as constructive criticism?  Originally Posted by tonybrown74 Didn't know you were a socialist. Thanks for the clarification.  It was an attempted shot taken by you. At least be enough of a man to admit it. (And THAT, TOO, was a shot). emoticon_rolleyes
I have not claimed that Christians are killing gay people, and I have not implied that they are.  True, but you ARE implying that Christian teaching is leading to hate crimes, and that will never be anything other than speculation.   Certainly it is the culprit who has issues, but all prejudice is learned. No one is born with prejudice, it is society that teaches it. You should not think that teaching that lying is wrong has caused no murders; I would guess that it has caused countless murders.  Agreed it is the culprit who has issues, but the problem is that you haven't proven that society'e teaching of disapproval about homosexual actios is tantamount to "prejudice" or "lying." You've made a jump from A to C without dealing with B. I would say that society's teachings on this are often NOT rooted in bigotry and prejudice, but rather a concern to protect the institution of marriage.  I have described a causal relationship: I have stated that the teaching of society cause a twisted person to commit murder. This is a very causal relationship, because even twisted minds do not commit murder without being taught to. Teaching disapproval of something teaches hatred of it to some, even though that is unintended.  No, disapproval is not the same thing as hatred, by far. That is where your argument is weakest IMO. It cannot be logically said that "teaching disapproval teaches hatred" because disapproval is NOT hatred. If someone hears the teaching of dispproval and does something hateful, the hate was already there to begin with and they would most likely have done it anyway.  But even though there may be a causal relationship, certainly there are many causes that must come together, and the teacher cannot be blamed.  Agreed, although I don't see where you've shown a causal relationship at all.  Yet it is not the place of our laws to teach these things; our laws must teach that heterosexuals are equal to homosexuals, and in so much as it fails to teach that, it fails to be an equal system of laws.  I would say it is not the place of our laws to "teach" anything, either way. This isn't an issue of "law's teaching" versus "christian teaching." The law is not about the business of teaching or even promoting social awareness in issues.  It was only well said if you took this as an attempt to demonize or blame Christianity. If this was not an attempt to do so, then the statement did not make any sense. I cannot speak for the others, but do not have that intention.  I wasn't necessarily referring to you, but rather the tendency among some to want to blame Christianity and it's teachings for hate crimes. It makes a convenient excuse to attack Christians and their teaching, but that doesn't make it accurate or right to do so.
I wonder, do you think that Christianity bears any responsibility for historical and/or current anti-semitism?  Not Christianity per se. People who have not obeyed it's teachings and been anti-semitic, yes.
I am, but I also imply that teaching of disapproval of anything leads to crimes. I have suggested that teaching a disapproval of lying leads to crimes against people for lying, and yet I support teaching a disapproval of lying.   I don't believe teaching of "disapproval" leads to crimes against liars. However, if someone teaches others to hate liars, then it might indeed lead to hate crimes. Again, disapproval and hate are two totally different things (despite what the gay lobby wants you to think). This is the crux of the issue, IMO.  It can be logically said that it does. The first relevant link on Google I found was this one:  http://www.findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m0341/is_3_55/ai_58549254  It's actually an article challenging the traditional view of the role of in-groups in forming prejudice, though it still recognizes that prejudice forms between in-groups and out-groups.  Ah, but you've changed your argument now--sudenly "hate" (a much stronger idea) has become prejudice, which IMO has a much broader scale of degree. And more importantly you're now talking about in-groups and out-groups and how outgroups experience prejudice from the in-group; we were discussing specifically how christian teaching leads to hate crimes (which it doesn't as far as I'm concerned). The real essense of this discussion has to be the nature of the teaching, and whether or not those who hear it are not in fact simply reading into it their own preconceived prejudices. Again, if there is teaching of hate going on, I would agree with you and that changes the issue tremendously. But teaching of disapproval is not teaching hate, especially when the disapproval is toward actions and not people themselves as in the case of most Christian teaching. I have never heard anyone from a pulpit or anywhere in a Christian church preach or teach hate against gay people.  IMO, if someone with a clean slate (no hate towards gay people whatsoever) approaches Christian teaching in 99% of the churches out there , they won't come away hating gay people to any degree. They may come away having heard that gay sex is sinful, but that's a WHOLE different thing than hating gay people or even having prejudice against them--not even the same thing remotely.
Yet when the government rewards some associations and not others, that is social engineering and not part of the role of government.  I agree, Uncle Sam has no right to engage in social engineering.
For much of the last several years, people OBEYED its teachings and were anti-semitic.  Your tendency to pretend that there is some pure thing out there like "religion" or "christianity" that exists without any tie to those who lead it or follow it is rather convenient. Convenient, transparent, and disingenuous.  Now, now, you shouldn't go misrepresenting peoples' posts like that. I never said that religion was "pure"--I said that disapproval and hate are two different things, and that I've never heard anyone preach hate toward gay people. Though I suspect your criteria for what constitutes "preaching hate" is pretty wide-open when it comes to religion.   And despite you post, people who do hate crimes against gay people are in fact NOT followers of Christianity--if they were they wouldn't be doing hate crimes. Ironically they are going against Christian tenets.   Oh, and you still haven't said a word about the article covering the financial burdens of living as an unmarried couple, even with civil unions. Also convenient.  It only covered civil unions as they are now in places like Vermont. I've made it pretty clear here that the civil unions I would want to see would grant the same benefits as marriage recognition, including portability.
I will say again that your religion is not to blame. If one man completely immerses himself in your religion's teaching; that person will come up with the idea that homosexuality is a sin and he should hold no prejudices or hatred toward homosexuals. Yet the primary message being delivered is that homosexuality is a sin, and this is the only message many people are getting.  I would say that is not the primary message Christianity gives about gay people, or about homosexuality. The focus is usually not so much on the disapproval as you might think. This probably sounds to you like I am splitting hairs, and I don't mean to be. I just feel this is an important issue--a lot of people see gay rights and religion juxtaposed against one another.  But I would not change your religion; I would change the law. Because so long as the law states that same-sex couples are not allowed the same rights that opposite-sex couples have, then the law will be teaching not that homosexuals should be disapproved of . . .   Again the law doesn't "teach" anything, as that is not the point of the law. But I understand your point and what you are saying.
Still, I see statements on homosexuality from the Pope like his recent claim that homosexuality is part of an "ideology of evil" make me feel that the primary branch of Christianity is indeed teaching far worse than disapproval of homosexuality.  He was specifically talking not about homsexuality but rather the politics of same-sex marriage: "which attempts to pit human rights against the family and against man"--he was obviously talking about the political movement, not homosexuality.   I too use the phrase evil, though I use it to describe opposition to gay rights. When I say it, I can assure you that the primary message I am trying to send is that we should disapprove of opposing gay rights.  Of course--making the message of an opponent out in the worst possible light is a common tactic.  The law does teach; people agree and obey it.   No, it doesn't "teach." That's not why we have laws. Laws are simply rules that protect society. People don't agree because the "law" says so, they agree because of their moral views. The reason I don't steal isn't because the law says so, but because it's simply harmful to others to do it and I don't want to do that. The law didn't teach me that--the only thing the law does is tell me what I need to do or not to do to avoid jail. Some may decide not to do some things ONLY based on avoiding jail, but I still wouldn't call that "teaching." We don't learn from the law. The law is just a set of rules.
When a man makes the statement that recognizing the families of homosexuals is evil, the primary message being delivered is that homosexuality is evil, whether the man intended that message to be passed or not. You may be right that the Pope was specifically referring to the political issue, but the debate is not over the Pope's intentions but the overall message being taught. The overbearing message does not appear to me to be "accept homosexuals"; it is "homosexuality is evil", and it is that message which people learn by.  Again, I interpreted his remarks to be about the political movement more than anything. I'm not saying the Pope doesn't view homosexuality as evil or not, I'm just saying that his remarks as indicated in the article seem to be about the gay rights movement, not gay people per se.  As I said, it may be that if someone fully follows the beliefs of your religion, they will learn to accept homosexuals people, but just deny them legal rights. Yet this is not the message that is teaching most people. Your religion is not to blame, and it is not alone;   Indeed.  He calls same-sex marriage evil because of words in the Bible. He calls same-sex marriage evil because he believes that it is evil, and he is trying to explain why he opposes it.   If he does call it evil, I suspect there are lots of reasons. Chances are, every time there is a priest (who are male) sued or arrested for molesting male kids, he probably sees that as an invasion of homosexuality. Therefore he sees the Church under attack. But I think his comments in the book you referred to were about the politics of the situation.  I think this whole issue is complicated due to the fact there are always three issues afoot:  - Homosexuality as an innate thing, perhaps genetically influenced - Homosexual actions and behavior, which is what the Church is REALLY concerned with, not the "innateness" - The political movement, which (based on the article) is also something the church is concerned about  Political gay rights people tend to try to keep the debates centered on the 1st issue, and sometimes the 3rd.  Those with moral concerns over homosexualty are usually concerned about the 2nd issue.  Those trying to keep marriage from being redefined are often concerned with the 3rd issue, and sometimes the 2nd.  We do learn from the law, though certainly the law is not the only thing we learn from. Perhaps you do not steal because of moral reasons, but what about a more difficult example? Do you disapprove of a woman walking around topless in public? Why? How do you feel when someone speeds by you at 20 over the speed limit on the freeway?    In both of these cases (and probably all cases) the law is not where I learned 'morality.' Even aside from learning, it is not the reason I would oppose a woman walking around topless--I would oppose that because some parents wouldn't want their children seeing it. Speeding? No, it's not the law that tells me it's a bad thing, it's the fact that he could kill someone doing that.  Actually, I'd hate to think that the law was my moral guide. It would mean than my morals were not rooted in altruism and goodwill, but rather a cold set of rules to avoid jail time.  I will argue that if you disapprove of any of these things, you have probably been taught by the law. I think that most people do disapprove of these things, and they disapprove of them because of the law   I disagree. Most people would disapprove of a stalker because they don't want to be stalked and be in danger. Most people like privacy, and so they would disapprove of a hacker. The law has nothing to do with it, other than making sure people are accountable for their actions.  This is a bit of a philosophical debate though, and I doubt we're going to be able to come to a conclusion of who is right. Some people out there may indeed use the law as their moral guide, or learn their morals and behavior from the law, but I doubt there are many.
It is not what his remarks are about that matters, it is what his remarks teach people.  Well, that's very much "in the eye of the beholder."   I suspect that the Pope understands a man molesting a young boy is not any more wrong than a man molesting a young girl. He would see such as an invasion of adults who have sex with children.    Not necessarily--he is from an older generation and there is no reason to assume he would not hold to anti-gay stereotypes such as the "child-molestor" one. You and I know it is not true but why should we automatically assume the Pope knows? If he elevates other matters over facts and science, why would he not elevate his own prejudices over facts in this case? I suspect he hold the same frustrations as some priests who feel that the priests who are molesting kids are homosexuals who have made it into the church and their sin is being played out. Understand that I agree with you that gay people aren't any more likely to molest kids than anyone else. At the same time I know for a fact there are many priests who see the pedophilia problem as a gay problem.  Although many people tend to focus on whether or not homosexuality is genetic, that entire topic is completely irrelevant and pointless regarding whether or not homosexuals should be allowed to marry.  I actually agree with you on this. The issue of same sex marriage is not linked to genetics.  The topic that is missing from your list is the topic of freedom, equality, happiness and harm to people caused by allowing or denying same-sex marriage. That is the topic that most gay rights supporters should be continually focused on,   I would say for most gay rights supporters that falls under the 3rd catagory I listed.  But why would some parents not want their children to see a woman walking around topless? Is it not the law that has taught them not to show such things to their children? The law tells us that men can walk around topless, yet women cannot. Is there any other reason that we should allow one but not the other?  No, I doubt many at decided they don't want their kids seeing a topless woman due to what the law says about it. Most people probably don't even know the wording of indecency laws. I think for this there are deep cultural and sometimes religious reasons afoot. Think of it this way: do you think in a culture that had no indecency laws, there would still be parents wanting to guard their children from public nudity? I think there definitely would be. For every issue (not just public nudity) there are various reasons why people might feel a certain way, at at the least I would put "the law" close to the bottom for most people. I don't think the law is much more to most people than a set of rules that will get you thrown in jail if you don't abide.  What about speeding? Surely you could kill someone driving at the speed limit too.   Well, let me rephrase it to "driving fast." I don't need the law to tell me it's more dangerous than driving slower.  But regardless of this debate, I can still think of no reason to justify granting a special title to heterosexual couples under the law. I still would like to know that reason, if you would be willing to explain it to me.  For a "title", I don't see why it hurts to do it, as long as everyone gets the same benefits.
  Originally Posted by JPSartre12 I agree, Uncle Sam has no right to engage in social engineering.  I do not understand how you can say this, yet oppose the gay rights movement.  I'm not following your logic on this one, please explain. emoticon_confused
The Pope knows that the Church's beliefs change. The Vatican can't contenance the speed of the change. It undermines their authority. That is what they see as under attack.  Reality bites when you're the Pope, I suppose.  You claim that the Vatican doesn't want change because it undermines their authority. I'd contend that they don't want change because the change represents a move towards immorality to them.
If you know anything about Catholic theology, you realize that there are two very different approaches in the Church's recent wrestling with the "problem" of homosexuality. The old view has been rendered obsolete by a deeper understanding of what homosexuality is. Something had to replace it. If you know anything about Catholic politics, you know that the ascension of one POV and the suppression of the other has more to do with larger issues than with theology.  I am a Catholic and am aware of the changes in teaching. Hate the sin; not the sinner is the bottom line.
I have no idea what to make of this. Are you relying on some pathetic semantic trick that you've never personally "heard" someone preach against gay people?  I've heard a lot of preaching. Probably a LOT more than you. I never said it doesn't happen, but it's not as widespread as some would think. Who said anything about a "semantic trick?"  It's impossible to discuss the consequences of religious teachings with you. You claim the best intentions for the religion and dismiss all bad acts as being false teaching.   That's because claims of bad teaching are overstated here. Add some accurate balance to your assessment of the Christian church and it's teachings and you'll see more agreement about it. And if you have really read the teachings of Christ, you'd know that anyone who preached hate against ANY group or individual was going against Christian teaching.  And, as I and others have pointed out many times, that horse isn't even in the race AND YOU KNOW IT.   Well there's one state right now that gives civil unions, and one (solidly, anyway) that gives gay marriages. (New York is iffy.) It's tied up, and I'd say civil unions are definitely in the race as much as gay marriage.  In the real world gay people will get marriage or we will get second-class citizenship, our inferiority enshrined in the Constitution. You choose the latter. Your "support" is meaningless.  Did you support Vermont when they were trying enact civil unions for gay people? Did you want supporters of it then? If you did, then you are a hypocrite.
That was too easy.  It's a tough issue for the Church for many reasons. The Pope's and the Vatican's words and actions should reflect the complexity. They don't. To me, they demonstrate a sort of desperation which leads them to intellectually unsustainable positions, even immoral ones. It's disappointing to witness as a Catholic. It's profoundly disappointing to see as a gay Catholic.  To be real honest with you, one of the reasons that I'm not a better Catholic is because I believe they're trying to become TOO politically correct. While I don't expect anyone but the most devout to follow every Catholic doctrine, I believe that the doctrine itself should be unyielding and not "reinterpretted" to prevent the loss of parishoners. For example, I understand the Church's old position on birth control. I chose not to follow it, but I understood it. I don't like the idea of the Catholic Church yielding to moral relativism in order to maintain or increase its numbers.
Yes, I agree! And I would futher argue that Christ did not believe it was the place of man to punish the wicked; it was the place of God to do so. Christ would never have justified leaving the creation and execution of such punishment up to man, unless it was necessary to protect harm to someone else. Christ would have supported leading through example, not through elevating oneself and punishing others through laws. I think he understood that so long as Christians punish people who are different, they can never teach those people.  I agree with you. I don't think the teachings of Christ really dealt with govt. and civil law anyway. They were more about personal relationships and everyday living. Oh, and most importantly, a relationship with God through him.  No, I don't think this is correct. I think allowing opposite-sex couples marriage but leaving only civil unions for same-sex couples is evil, but it is less evil than no benefits for same-sex couples at all, and it is a step toward correcting that evil.   I don't think the word "evil" applies very well at all--I think it is a matter of compromise that gives gay people the benefits they need while not redefining marriage as an institution.   What about the church's old position on kings over democracy? What about the church's old position on slavery? What about the church's old position on freedom? What about the church's old position on the role of women . . . Catholicism will reflect the interpretation of the Bible held by the people in power  Actually the matters you speak of were held by the RCC when IT was in power. We must never forget that Catholicism's most inhumane moments happened when it was historically playing the role of civil government. (The church was never designed for this, from the get-go, IMO.) As a Lord Action said "power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely." When the RCC held the positions you speak of, they were playing the role of government, not church. That's why I see a difference in the RCC's moral stances today on many matters (value of life, anti-death penalty, sanctity of marriage, etc.) from it's stances in the past. It wasn't the same church in those times, and arguably wasn't the 'church' at all. It was church/government, with the Pope acting more as monarch than spiritual authority.
You're back to your chain-yanking self.  "Chain Yanking": Any argument or point that Bob can't refute or deal with.  NO, I did not . . . . I didn't support civil unions then.  Then you get an "A" for misguided consistency.
In the history of the Church, it has sometimes said "____ is wrong" without adding that bit about "but don't kill the ____". The results have horrific. Horrific and predictable.  Don't worry, as long as you're around they'll never be forgiven for it and there's certainly no danger of it being forgotten. emoticon_rolleyes  Again, such atrocities are more a product of complete union of church and state rather than Christian teaching. "Absolute power corrupts absolutely."
Try to understand where I'm coming from; I don't think there is any reason to preserve an institution that only opposite-sex couples can participate in. To me, it is no different than keeping the term "citizen" for white people only and granting the term "civil person" to all other races. There just isn't a reason to do that. It's wrong.   First, I DO see your side of it. I just don't find it very compelling. Also, it would not bother me in the least if the word citizen was used for another group and my group was called something else.  I think the crux of the problem for you is that you equate the term "civil unions" as being inferior to the term "marriage". I think that you feel the term is selling you short somehow. To me, it's what is behind a word that counts. If the situation were reversed, I'd probably not care that much whether govt. recognition of what I had was referred to as a "union" or a "marriage." But as it has turned out, the situation is NOT reversed, and so I don't see any good reason to give the word out to any group that comes along wanting it to apply to their particular sort of arrangement.  I have asked before, but I'm afraid I still do not see your side of it. Why should we preserve marriage as a legal institution only for opposite-sex couples?  If we give both types of couples recogntion, I don't see how they're any different in substance--only in the terminology.  If there was a good reason to keep marriage as it is, to give opposite-sex couples their own special institution,   It would not be a "special" institution if the govt. granted benefits to both. Again, you are getting hung up on the terminology.  And I do agree with you that removing "marriage" recogntion altogether by the govt. may not be a bad idea.
Reassessing the Catholic position on gay rights has NOTHING to do with being PC. It has to do with being faithful to Catholic teaching in light of evolving knowledge. It has to do with being honest.  I guess that's one way of looking at it. My old pastor was a gay Catholic priest. Now, there's an oxymoron. I always wondered how he was able to remain a priest considering the Catholic position on homosexuality, but there certainly was an element of PC present, even if it was subtle acceptance by the Detroit Diocese.
As if the Catholic Church is constantly harping on stealing. For your analogy to work, you would have to see the pope or a cardinal proclaim how 'stealers' are intrinsically disordered, how 'stealers' destroy families and civilizations, and how 'stealers' need help every other week.  As if the Catholic church was "constantly harping" on homosexuality. Good grief the Pope makes a few statements in a book and suddenly they're supposedly "constantly harping." I've got news for you--the RCC has said FAR more about birth control and divorce than they ever have about homosexuality.  So bigots cling to their biblical interpretations because there is nothing else to hang their arguments on. And the church (the institution) feeds their hatred each and every time they speak on the topic.  I guess I'd better not ever mention in public that rude drivers get on my nerves in traffic. It might "feed" someone's desire to go on a roadrage against rude drivers.   Doh!! I just said it--now someone will go on a roadrage for sure! Goodness, I forget we're supposed to always keep such opinions to ourselves!   Better cancel that Sunday drive . . . emoticon_rolleyes
Are you constantly harping on rude drivers being intrinsically evil? Do you think they're going to destroy the family? Do you yell in front of reporters that God frowns upon their rude behavior? Do you shout about how rude behavior is going to destroy civilization?  Geees, I've heard more fire and brimstone from you in the last two posts telling what you think is constantly being said in churches than I've ever heard in church! And I KNOW I've never heard a Catholic priest, bishop, cardinal, Vatican official or otherwise, ever "yell" in front of reporters about this or "shout" about anything of the sort.  How about just coming clean and admit you're trying to paint all of Christendom a Phelps-like color?
That may be true, but right or wrong cannot be dictated by a mere book. Harm and consent should be the indicators of morals. Nothing more.  For YOU, that's fine--you may not be religious. But some of us (in fact millions of us) do happen to believe in a higher authority.  It is a bad one because, unlike stealing, the church isn't constantly harping on it. You do not hear pastors, bishops or cardinals constantly talking about the evils of stealing  This is almost funny, because I've heard more from the pulpit about stealing than I ever have about homosexuality.   It's obvious to me that you've taken on some stereotypes about churches and religious groups, most likely due to a few bad apples. I hope that you can at least see at some point that by far most religious people and clergy aren't Fred Phelps, and most preachers really don't spend much time at all even bringing up homosexuality.  But they can and should be held accountable when their words deliberately incite actions.  Well there's a "matter-of-opinion" issue if I ever heard one. You've got quite a tall order to show causation in most cases, which is what you'll have to do to hold churches accountable--otherwise you're on a witch hunt against religion.  I don't always agree with Jaxian, but in this case he's right. Blaming churches for nutcases just isn't a very rational way of dealing with it.
Why don't you come clean for once:  You name it. If it's sexual, the Roman Catholic Church is likely to have problems with it, from Mary being conceived like every other human being, to Jesus having any brothers and sisters (which would mean that Mary and Joseph experienced the unmentionable), to masturbation, to homosexuality, to birth control, to abortion, to women in the priesthood, or even to priests being married to women, and priests experiencing the unmentionable).  Not a single word inciting or encouraging violence in these six cases which is the context of this discussion. I'm even more convinced now of my own view that Catholics aren't the demons they're being made out to be here, and that they shouldn't be blamed for something they aren't saying. (encouraging violence)
What is oxymoronic about it?  The Catechism of the Catholic Church is very clear on its position WRT homosexuality and it isn't a positive one. For example:  ...... The Catholic Church thus teaches: "Basing itself on sacred Scripture, which presents homosexual acts as acts of grave depravity, tradition has always declared that homosexual acts are intrinsically disordered. They are contrary to the natural law. They close the sexual act to the gift of life. They do not proceed from a genuine affective and sexual complementarity. Under no circumstances can they be approved" (Catechism of the Catholic Church 2357). http://www.catholic.com/library/Homosexuality.asp 
But that's not quite the situation here. What is happening is not that everyone falls into the civil unions category while only the elite fall into the marriage category. There isn't a different term or different institution just for same-sex couples, there is an institution for everyone, and a second institution only for opposite-sex couples.  So if there were two "institutions" by which couples' benefits were given, one for gays and one for straights, you'd be fine with that?  But regardless, I think that you would feel a whole lot differently about giving yourself a different name if you were part of a minority group.   Nah, I don't think so. As far as I'm concered I'm happy no matter what the govt. calls it's giving of benefits. It's the commitment that makes the marriage for me, not the benefits.  For example, try to create a new institution called United Statesian, which is like a citizen, but it only includes white people. Ask any member of a minority race if they approve of such an institution, and tell them that it is only a title, but it only applies to white people because you want it to be "special". See if you can find even one who agrees with the creation of such an institution, and see how many become outraged.  Well, that's a race issue, and as such it is debated and supported by a whole slew of different points than the issue we are talking about. IOW, sure racial minorities might get upset, but perhaps for different reasons than you would. And citizenship is much more constitutionally supported by wording than 'marriage' is. And most certainly many people who oppose marriage terminology extended to gay couples do so for reasons not even close to racism.  [QUOTE=Jaxian]Anyhow, whether civil unions are inferior depends on their interpretation by the people.   Certainly I view an institution which applies only to opposite-sex couples as evil, and that inherently puts it far below an institution which applies to both same-sex and opposite-sex couples in my mind. But in the minds of most, marriage will be superior.  Only because some have trouble separating the government's recognition of marriage from marriage itself. Anyone can call their union a "marriage" regardless of what the govt. calls it's giving of benefits.  Well, some people might choose to put themselves in the same category as same-sex couples, but most people will choose marriage instead, seperation from same-sex couples.  Wel, most people are straight. And marriage is, fundamentally, a straight institution IMO. At least it has been traditionally--and I see nothing wrong with that as long as everyone's needs are being met. I don't see why marriage being a straight institution is such anathema.   It teaches a disapproval of same-sex relationships.  As we've already discussed, anyone relying on civil law for their moral guide in life is already in trouble. And we can't decide laws based on what they might "teach." Can you imagine a judge making a decision based on that? I've never heard of such.
No, you misunderstood what Jax was saying. Jax was pointing out that what is being offered is a seperate institution for same-sex couples and that it is NOT acceptable.   No, I didn't misunderstand him at all. I'm asking him a separate question.
[QUOTE=JustineCredible]Exactly, how empty are those words when said as a mantra yet the deeper meaning is never explored or understood.  What is sin? An act that is unacceptable to GodWhat exactly is the sin that is supposedly being committed? "an abomination of nature" according to leviticus What sin is it that is to be hated? homosexual sex Is hate ever tollerable?  sure it is. You can hate Satan How can one be a "Christian" (a follower of Christ's Teachings) and still allow hate into their lives?  It's OK to hate the sin, but accept the sinner. After all, nobody's perfect.   Sorry, when I hear that mantra of "Love the sinner, hate the sin" I have to stop and ask myself those questions. Then I must question those who impose that mantra and their agenda.  As you should.
Creating a union only for gays still means that we have an institution which people are excluded from based on their sexual orientation or lifestyle. Actually, we have two. Even though each group would have its own, exclusive institution, there is still no reason to keep people of a different sexual orientation out of that institution. The segregation will still result in one of those institutions being viewed as superior, most likely the institution of the dominant group, in this case, opposite-sex couples. The institutions are also not likely to remain equal. This is made all the more important by the fact that there just isn't a reason to have two seperate institutions that do the same thing; the bottom line is that there should be no right or benefit under the law which is denied to anyone based on that person's sexual orientation.  I think you are looking at this situation like segregated schools or water fountains (again, the race issue). But we are not talking about sharing a building or restrooms. These are tangible things that indeed do qualify to be called segregational when done wrongly. But regarding the marriage issue, we are talking about the giving of benefits by the govt., not unlike social security benefits or disability. It becomes a lot more tenuous to call that segregation because by their very nature, benefits are nearly always "segregated" in who the benefits go to. If there were no segregation in govt. benefits ever, EVERYONE would already be given the funds that SS provides, as well as disability. (It doesn't matter that there may be good reasons for this segregation; the point is that there really is no such thing as anything OTHER THAN separate but equal when it comes to benefits.) The right to use the same restroom as everyone else is very different from marriage benefits, which again are more akin to affirmative action or disability. So all things considered, I would not see two separate avenues for assigning couples' benefits (which is really all we're talking about) as a bad thing.   Aaaah, see that statement frustrates me incredibly. It first implies that homosexuals are not making the commitment of marriage, which is absolutely untrue. It next implies that I am debating that benefits make the marriage, which is also untrue. It further implies that it would not matter to you if everyone else was given extra rights under the law that are denied to you, and I don't believe that is true.  Not at all--I am not making a judgement here either way on whether or not gay people can or do form commitments. But I do think that the nature of your argument elevates the benefits over the commitment, or else you would see that the "term" marriage is really not that important when it's all said and done. A govt. benefit is still a benefit, no matter what it's called. As Shakespeare said, "What's in a name?" Especially when the benefits could still be there.  I think you're looking at this as a debate about commitment, but this is not about commitment at all.  But the benefits recognize the commitment, so you can't just separate the two. That's why the issue of commitment IS a big part of this issue. And that's why it pains me to see anyone (gay or straight) only get "married" to get the benefits--it's using marriage as a means to an end. I suspect many of the couples in the first days of marriage for gays in Massachusetts and San Francisco used it either for politics or the benefits, or else they would't have waited till then to do it. If they really loved their partner and wanted to commit to them, they would have done it already. The fact it fell to a trickle when the media got tired of the whole thing further shows this. And of course, plenty of straight people have also used marriage as a means to an end for selfish purposes as well.  This debate is about a set of rights and benefits granted to same-sex couples. You say that commitment makes the marriage, and of course it does.   Yep, but that commitment is what the govt. recognizes to give the benefits. So it's inseperable from this discussion.  I still think that if you were a member of a minority, you would understand immediately that this debate is about rights, and you would not be satisfied if someone else was given more or different rights than you, simply because that person is a member of the majority.  Maybe. I think it would depend on a lot of factors, though. Regarding THIS issue, I don't think I would be inclined to give up rights just so I could have the same terminology as someone else.  It's a race issue to be sure, but it is not debated and supported by a different set of points that we are talking about.    Sure it is! For instance, no one is trying to redefine an institution when it comes to the race issue. That's an issue of acceptance of another group. But regarding gay marriage, one can oppose it and still fully accept gay people, IMO. Also, Amendments have specifically been written to address both women's rights and blacks' rights. But not for gay people. Black people have sought the SAME rights as others, while gay people are wanting a right that no one else has: recognition of new types of marriages (same-sex). So the issues are quite different.  You're right! So why should the government give a special institution to opposite-sex couples? Why should everyone not have the same institution, then call their relationships what they want?   That's why I would agree for you to get the benefits you need. But we don't need call any sort of arrangement that comes along a "marriage."   Certainly a judge would never invalidate a law because it teaches something.  In fact the issue of whether or not it "teaches" something wouldn't even come into play in his decision, because it is irrelevant. (assuming he is an impartial judge who is about the business of interpreting the constitution instead of trying to "teach" people.) The role of the law in our society is not to be a 'teacher.'
In fact, comparing marriage benefits to social security and disability benefits should make it perfectly clear why we grant benefits: we don't just grant benefits to the majority, we grant them to the minority of people who need help.   So, hypothetically speaking, if gays were in the majority, you'd favor keeping the word "marriage" with straights?  See, the benefits wouldn't be segregated--only the term. You are spending an awful lot of words over a word. Although I'm enjoying the discourse.  But we should never grant benefits based on sexual orientation, and certainly not to the majority sexual orientation.  Agreed, again that's why I want you to have the benefits you need. We agree on this. We just don't agree on the gravity of the term "marriage." I say it's not a big enough deal to warrant changing the status quo and calling other arrangements that come along the same thing.  The nature of my argument elevates benefits over commitment because the debate isn't about the commitment. And my argument absolutely does say that the term "marriage" isn't all that important. I've stated many times that I don't care what the institution is called, so long as it applies equally regardless of sexual orientation.   What you want is to ensure is that they are called exactly the same thing--I don't think it amounts to a hill of beans whether or not the govt. refers to one or the other as a "marriage" as long as the benefits are ensured. However, why go and take away the uniqueness of that term from the one group that it is traditionally applied to when it's just a term? Why broaden the term's meaning? What if a racial minority decided it wanted the term white redefined so it could be included in that group, even though that racial minority was in fact not white? Would you support that? I doubt you would. You keep claiming that there is harm afoot here, but no one is harmed by different terms only.  It is those opposed to gay rights who don't care about the commitment; it is those opposed who say that it does not matter how commited a same-sex couple is, same-sex couples can't have marriage.  Because traditionally marriage is opposite sex. No one is saying gay couples can't be commited, but they're not opposite-sex so applying the term "Marriage" is a misnomer. It has nothing to do with sexual orientation or the fact they are gay but rather with the term "marriage."  The commitment isn't part of the issue because both sides are equally committed.  Ok, if that's true, fair enough.   But still, there is marriage (which is the commitment between a man and a woman) and the govt. recognizing it and giving benefits for it. The bottom line here is that I would be in favor of the govt. also giving gay people benefits, but I don't see a compelling reason to change the uniqueness of that word and redefine it for any arrangement that comes along.  Certainly every couple in San Francisco who got married did it for the benefits or for political reasons. I can say that with certainty because I guarantee that they were married religiously long before the government legally recognized that marriage.  I seriously doubt it. Every one?   I don't understand what chain of logic could lead you to believe that they were not.   Because they did a religious-style ceremony (wedding dresses, cake, flowers, rice, etc.) when the govt. decided to give them benefits. If the commitment were the important part, they would not have needed to do all that because they would have already done it. Speaking for myself, I only need to commit in marriage once. Not a first time when I make a "religious" commitment, and then a second later when the govt. recognizes it.  If your own marriage was not recognized by the government, then suddenly the government told you that they would recognize it, would you not go get that marriage recognized? Would you not celebrate that? Would you not repeat the vows to your loved one?  I'd see no need to "get married" because I would have already been married. That's the bottom line.  Yet marriage is not that commitment, according to you; if it were about commitment, the government would be allowing same-sex marriage. It is about heterosexuality; you can only get marriage if you are a heterosexual.  Actually, it IS about commitment--between a man and a woman. That doesn't mean gay people can't be commited--I can take your word on that.   Sexual orientation should not determine what benefits and institutions you have access to under the law.  Again, I agree with this.  Also, you said that race is an issue of acceptance of another group, but that it is possible to oppose gay marriage while fully accepting gays. Yet I would say that it is completely possible for someone to oppose being of the black race while still accepting black people. It is possible for an individual to ask someone to try to change his race, and to deny people of a certain race rights, while still accepting those people.   It would be more akin to a black person (or any minority) trying to claim the word "white" and redefine it to fit their skin color as well. There's just no point in it.  The role of our law in society is certainly not to be a teacher  Now you are contradicting yourself.
But that's not true at all; the benefits would be segregated.  Both types of couples could receive the same benefits. They wouldn't be segregated in benefits, only name. Everyone is still drinking from the same water fountain, the govt. may just call it something different in it's benefits to some people.  and we aren't talking about different terminology, we are talking about two different legal institutions.   I couldn't care less about the term marriage. Keep it the same, leave it alone, call the institution marriage, or call it something else.   Then why are you spending so much energy trying to get that word applied to gay people when I have said that separate terms is fine with me?  I want to make sure that the law does not say "Opposite-sex couples can enter the institution called marriage. Any couple can enter a different institution called civil unions."  Then why fight for marriage to stay in the law? Why not fight to change the name of legal marriage to civil unions and apply that to everyone?   I would be fine continuing to call one group's benefits "marriage" and the other something else. I assume based on your comments that you would as well.   Again, I don't care about the word. Changing the legal institution called "marriage" doesn't change the defintion of the word "marriage" any more than changing the institution called "welfare" changes the definition of the word "welfare". I'm not arguing to change the definition of a word.  Again, ALL the "legal institution" is that you are referring to is benfits given to those who have met certain criteria. There is no such thing as an institution of "legal marriage" per se--the govt. simply gives benefits to those who are married.   I am arguing that couples' benefits should be given to both straight couples and gay couples. I am also arguing that the terminology ("marriage") stay with straight couples and continue to mean that, as there is no compelling reason to change the meaning of the word. If you want to do away with everyone getting civil unions so that gay people can have them (or whatever else you want to call the assigning of benefits to gay people), that's your choice to fight for.  Can you imagine yourself just running off and marrying someone you aren't committed to simply because it was legalized?   No but only because I would never have waited for legalization to get married. I don't understand why a good number of gay couples apparently did.  Would have just sat it out then? Would you not have taken advantage of the fact that the government was letting you marry?   I would have already been married, rest assured. There would be no need to do it twice, unless I had political and PR motives in mind. The legalization simply pales in significance to the marriage itself (which I would have already done). You are just going to have to accept it when I say that's the way marriage is for me whether it seems likely to you or not.  If there were a legal institution called "white", I would certainly let black people take part in it, despite the name.   But it would really be more akin to the govt. giving benefits to white people only, and blacks wanting to change their name to "white" in order to get the benefits. That's the analogy. But of course they didn't, and the govt. gives the same benefits to blacks without the term "white" suddenly having to cover black people too.
My question wasn't what is the Church's opinion of homosexual behavior, it was what is oxymoronic about a gay priest?  One might think you were evading the issue raised by a celibate, gay priest.  The Church's doctrine is pertinent to the question. You could have a gay priest, but he would have to be celibate in order for him to remain one since the Catholic Church has a negative view of practicing homosexuals.
Oh, so you're just setting the scene for your answer to the question. I see. By all means, provide all the context you need.   Since sexual desire is subject to a high degree of cognitive conditioning in humans (there is no biological reason why we find certain scents, forms of dress, or forms of underwear sexually stimulating), it would be most unusual if homosexual desires were not subject to a similar degree of cognitive conditioning.  Even if there is a genetic predisposition toward homosexuality (and studies on this point are inconclusive), the behavior remains unnatural because homosexuality is still not part of the natural design of humanity. It does not make homosexual behavior acceptable; other behaviors are not rendered acceptable simply because there may be a genetic predisposition toward them.  For example, scientific studies suggest some people are born with a hereditary disposition to alcoholism, but no one would argue someone ought to fulfill these inborn urges by becoming an alcoholic. Alcoholism is not an acceptable "lifestyle" any more than homosexuality is.  ...... on marriage... The first and most basic confusion is thinking of priestly celibacy as a dogma or doctrine-a central and irreformable part of the faith, believed by Catholics to come from Jesus and the apostles. Thus some Fundamentalists make a great deal of a biblical reference to Peter's mother-in-law (Mark 1:30), apparently supposing that, if Catholics only knew that Peter had been married, they would be unable to regard him as the first pope. Again, Fundamentalist time lines of "Catholic inventions" (a popular literary form) assign "mandatory priestly celibacy" to this or that year in Church history, as if prior to this requirement the Church could not have been Catholic.  These Fundamentalists are often surprised to learn that even today celibacy is not the rule for all Catholic priests. In fact, for Eastern Rite Catholics, married priests are the norm, just as they are for Orthodox and Oriental Christians.  Even in the Eastern churches, though, there have always been some restrictions on marriage and ordination. Although married men may become priests, unmarried priests may not marry, and married priests, if widowed, may not remarry. Moreover, there is an ancient Eastern discipline of choosing bishops from the ranks of the celibate monks, so their bishops are all unmarried.  http://www.catholic.com/library/Celibacy_and_the_Priesthood.asp    Prerequisites for entering seminary : ..... #2 Freedom from sexual problems -masturbation for a period of a year, more than a single act of fornication during life that has not occurred in at least three years prior to applying for major seminary, freedom from all acts of homosexuality, bisexuality, bestiality, pedophilia.   Actions that preclude moral ordination (A man who enters priesthood under false pretense is not a moral priest, nor may he subsequently become a morally ordained priest.) : ... #5. Homosexuality either active or inactive.  Copyright  1993-2003 by Father David C. Trosch - All Rights Reserved Permissions granted for non-profit purposes. http://www.badbishops.com http://www.badbishops.com/the/legal-moral.html    Just as the Church has "a negative view" of practicing heterosexuals in the priesthood, brotherhood, and sisterhood. They, too, are expected to be celibate.  So... why exactly is "gay priest" an oxymoron?  See above.   The one you say you knew... was he celibate? did he "date"? was he an "oxymoron"?  I don't know if he dated or not for certain. The fact that he was gay and wound up dying at a relatively young age from an illness complicated by a suppressed immune system led us to speculate that he was "active".
I see you've had to venture beyond Catholic doctrine to defend yourself (and to wacky sources, at that). You do know, I hope, that just because a website calls itself catholic.org doesn't mean they have anything to do with the Church. I debated the need for posting the reference at the bottom of the page, but since you're questioning it's accuracy:  NIHIL OBSTAT: I have concluded that the materials  presented in this work are free of doctrinal or moral errors.  Bernadeane Carr, STL, Censor Librorum, August 10, 2004   IMPRIMATUR: In accord with 1983 CIC 827 permission to publish this work is hereby granted.    Ah, I see. You have proof of his human frailty. Guess that wipes out his value as a priest, as a man. You presume way too much. When did I say it wiped out his value as a priest?emoticon_confused   Doesn't sound like you miss him much. As a pastor he was fairly aloof. He didn't live in the "Priest's house" next to the church, he had his own residence. He didn't interact with the kids who played baseball and softball behind the church nightly, etc., He never interacted with the parishoners outside of official functions. By contrast, his replacement is very approachable and can be found watching kids playing ball, goes to HS sporting events to cheer on parishoners, comes over my house to watch the Superbowl, attends neighborhood parties, etc., He's a very down-to-earth guy.
Well, first of all, the page you referenced isn't even the one that contains the quote you presented. Try http://www.catholic.com/library/Homosexuality.asp instead. My bad. Chalk that one up to CRS. :)   Secondly, the "reference" or authorization is part of an HTML template that appears at the bottom of every topic page. Words on a web page only mean that the author chose to put them there. The page that deals with homosexuality contains several points that are clearly not part of Catholic canon, regardless of whether one individual thought they "obstat-ed" or not.  If you need a more authoratative source, how about a direct quote from "The Catechism of the Catholic Church"?  2357 Homosexuality refers to relations between men or between women who experience an exclusive or predominant sexual attraction toward persons of the same sex. It has taken a great variety of forms through the centuries and in different cultures. Its psychological genesis remains largely unexplained. Basing itself on Sacred Scripture, which presents homosexual acts as acts of grave depravity, tradition has always declared that "homosexual acts are intrinsically disordered." They are contrary to the natural law. They close the sexual act to the gift of life. They do not proceed from a genuine affective and sexual complementarity. Under no circumstances can they be approved.http://www.scborromeo.org/ccc/para/2357.htm    Forgive me, I presumed that his being "an oxymoron" diminished him in your eyes. Would you have preferred the term "enigma" instead?  If this replacement is, by chance, also gay, is he an oxymoron, as well? No, but we do have a gay visiting priest that gives seminars on...of all things, marriage and he certainly is an enigma. emoticon_wow  Maybe now you can see my confusion with Modern Catholicism. emoticon_confused
Why people persist in presenting silly analogies when there are so many familiar, real-world examples of this issue in recent history eludes me, but, fine, let's take Max.  Oh come on. You know good and well analogies are a perfectly acceptable common tool in discussions.   Now, make Max an itinerant gun salesman who goes from town to town arming the innocent, cuckolded population. Town #1 - 5 dead, Town #2 -- 7 dead, Town #3 -- 17 dead, etc., etc. Not only has Max noticed that his ability to detect wanton adulterers is seriously impaired, it has dawned on him that his livelihood materially improves the more he disrupts the domestic tranquility. Yet, he persists.  Does responsibility kick in anywhere along this less than pleasant road trip?  Well you've made quite a quantum leap from the church's view on homosexuality to selling guns (designed to cause physical harm). Nevertheless, I think that if people are using guns to kill people, the people using them are to blame, at least more so than anyone else. It's very telling when others seem much more concerned about the gun salesman (or church, if you will) and are much more eager to have them "take responsibility" (whatever they mean by that) than the perpetrators who actually did the crime.   I find your use of the word "blame" as though it consisted of only exclusive, concrete legal responsibility both odd and disturbing. There is such a thing as partial blame. There is such a thing as moral responsibility.  I don't think any Catholic church leader (that I know of) in modern times anyway has ever decreed "conduct violence against homosexuals." I'm curious as to what degree of responsibility you think the church should take for all this supposed production "of the perps", and persistence "in inflammatory accusations laced with known-misrepresentations?" SInce you seem so much more eager to blame the church than the nutcases who are supposedly influenced by the church, how much responsibility should the church take? What do you suggest the church should have to do? What should their, er . . . penance be?  The policy is not informed by ignorance, it is informed by prejudice and fear.  I'm surprised you wouldn't think that all three of those go hand-in-hand. If there's really prejudice and REALLY fear, then there IS ignorance.
I think (and hope) that the Vatican's attempts to command Catholic congressional representatives and voters adhere to the churches dogma in US domestic politics may backfire on them.  Command? Ha. If these congressional reps are Catholic yet reject so much of what it means to be Catholic, they are hypocrites. Like it or not, it just so happens that "U.S. domestic policy" sometimes also happens to touch on deep convictions the church has. You can't expect people or groups to not voice their concience regarding their government and it's policies. And I'm sure there are some Democratic congresspeople have experienced similar attempts of influence from gay lobby organizations as well.  I assume you also would want the church to never share with congressional reps their views on the death penalty either, huh? :)
The supposed "gay lobby" in not a severeign foriegn nation.  So if a church group here in the U.S. does it, it's ok in your view?
Just don't impose your religious values on my civil rights.  And while you're at it, don't impose your movement for "civil rights" on my religious values.
I must agree with wsm; it is opponents of gay rights who advocate using their religion to determine the civil rights of people of a different religion. Gay rights activists are not using their civil rights to change your religion.  I beg to differ. By expecting much of the nation to support gay marriage, you in fact ARE expecting religious people to change their beliefs. This is indeed imposition.
I most certainly am not. And I doubt anyone else here is either. It would in no way force you to change your religious beliefs. If you and your religion don't want to recognize my marriage, that's OK with me. It is not your or your religion's recognition I want or expect. It is Federal Government recognition that is needed. (Seperation of church and state).  Please feel free to maintain your religious beliefs and practice them WITHIN your religion. Don't practice them on my civil rights.   I am not forcing it upon them. I do not ask them to change their religious beliefs  It's not that simple and I think both of you know that.  If a person's religious beliefs are that gay marriage is wrong and immoral, then they would be wrong (to them anyway) to support it or to not oppose it becomming legal.  From the standpoint of them having to compromise religious belief, you might as well be asking them to support making theft legal. Putting them in a position where they are having to choose either their religious belief and fight it or backing down and not standing up for their beliefs, you ARE imposing your movement on their beliefs. Otherwise you are asking them to not be true to themselves.
Are you now equating same-sex marriage to theft? That is absurd.  Rest assured, plenty of religious people view it as immoral as many other things they consider to be vices. I wasn't making a value judgement about gay marriage, but rather pointing out that because religious people often view it as sinful, you might as well be asking them to remain "neutral" about any other thing they view as immoral as well.  Again, if you or your religion believe same-sex marriage is wrong, feel free to believe so. No one is asking you to believe that or practice it. No one is asking that you be denied the same civil right they have based on your religious beliefs. Why should you have the right to deny anyone else the same civil rights you enjoy based on your religious beliefs?  You would not have to "compromise religious beliefs". If you don't want to practice same-sex marriage, don't. No one would force you to enter into a same-sex marriage. Just don't use your religious beliefs to deny that right and governmental recognition of it.  I sometimes get the impression that some here think it's a small matter to expect religious people to just keep quiet about their religious views and keep it to themselves. You feel it's immoral to not allow gay marriage; I have to ask: would you be so easily swayed to just "remain neutral" about what YOU consider immoral? Probably not, so how can you honestly expect religious people to do the same?  Standing up for their beliefs IS part of their religious beliefs. The view that gay marriage is immoral IS part of their religious beliefs--no less to them than their belief that theft is also immoral. You have to understand that you are asking millions of people to just suddenly change their belief systems overnight--to turn their backs on their belief system. In fact, you aren't even asking--you are expecting them to (or else you wouldn't want them to be "neutral" as you say). By expecting religious people to not fight against what they feel is immoral, you are imposing on their beliefs. This isn't rocket science.
I must agree with wsm; it is opponents of gay rights who advocate using their religion to determine the civil rights of people of a different religion. Gay rights activists are not using their civil rights to change your religion.  I think that your argument is too simplistic. Social mores aren't established in a vacuum. Religion plays/ed a big part in the establishment of US laws. To suddenly, after over 200 years of it occurring without comment, say that religion can play no part is ludicrous. Religion guides individual moral beliefs and those moral beliefs are the basis for our laws.
emoticon_confused Well, religion is certainly not the basis for our laws, but I will admit that religion has played a slight or greater role in the passing of almost every law. I have discovered a law which was passed in large extent because of religion, and I am indeed asking that the law be removed, that people stop fighting to put this religious belief into law, and that they do not use their religious beliefs to take away the rights of people. Religion can play a part, but it cannot be the only part; it alone should not be used to deny rights to people. The definition of marriage is a religious one held by the majority of our Christian population. Talk about swimming upstearm. emoticon_rolleyes   My previous post stated specifically what I am asking; whether religion has played a role in the passage of other laws does not seem as though it affects what I have said.  So, what you're saying is that it's OK that religious beliefs played a part in the creation of our laws....EXCEPT for this one? emoticon_confused   BTW, I noticed that you live in Clinton Township. I'm only a stone throw away.
Again, I was thinking of anti-semitism (though the immediate topic was "Max"). But if you want to tie those words to what I think about hate crimes against gay people, we'd have to focus on fundamentalist preachers and fundamentalist imams, not Catholic priests. (and quite a few supposedly "moral" politicians speaking out in religious terms)  I think the Pope considers it more er . . . atonement than penance. Mostly it seems to consist of a open pursuit of understanding. You'd have to ask him what the details of his plan are.  You're certainly trying avoid my question . . .   What degree of responsibility should the RCC/Southern-Baptists/whomever-is-the-latest-supposedly bringing-on-violence-against-gay-people take? What do you suggest they should have to do?
Then keep it within your religion. You have no right to impose your religious dogma on others.  I'm glad that not all gays are as anti-religion as you are. If they were, you're cause would have zero chance of success. emoticon_mad
Well, I suppose that if one's religious belief said, "You must impose these religious restrictions and values upon everyone in your society", then yes, I would be asking you to change your religious belief.   No, individuals are not imposing their values and "restrictions" on you--I for instance, am not a govt. official. But by the very nature of the situation, there's no way to grant gay marriage without a LOT more people changing their views on it. So by expecting gay marriage, you ARE imposing on their religious views. There's no way around it.  But since I do not believe your religion nor the religion of most people says that, then I am not asking that you change your religious belief,  Regardless of what you believe religion says, a great many people oppose gay marriage on religious and/or moral grounds. Whether or not you feel that is a consistent stance with religion, it's the reality of the situation. They'd still have to change.  What I am asking is different from theft because theft is harmful. I would not ask you to oppose theft because, first of all, people are actually harmed by theft, and more specifically, it could harm you. Allowing same-sex relationships to be recognized in the same fashion as opposite-sex relationships does not harm you or anyone else.   I undestand your point, but the fact still remains that many people oppose gay marriage on the same basis they oppose theft: because they feel it is immoral. Again, you might as well be asking them to turn their back on either belief.
I'm quite aware of the Church's stance on homosexuality. What we're looking for here is an authoritative justification for your comment that a gay priest is an oxymoron. Why don't you just concede that there is none? I didn't feel that I needed to spell it out in excruciating detail for you. Homosexuality is considered a grave act of depravity by the Catholic Church and a priest is supposed to strive for moral perfection, so a homosexual priest is an oxymoron.  What I see is a prejudice so blinding that you cannot see that a person's qualifications do not rest in his or her sexual orientation. It's not MY call. I don't set Ordination requirements in case you think otherwise.   Which is more enigmatic: a celibate, gay priest teaching a course in marriage or a celibate, straight priest teaching a course in marriage? Why? A gay priest, by far. First, celibacy isn't required for priests. It is a voluntary life choice. There are married Catholic Priests as I have recently found out and widowed men can become priests, so it's less of an enigma to have a straight priest teach a course in marriage.
Don't worry. I don't take communion in the RCC. emoticon_xangel  I'll sleep better tonight knowing that. :)
Oh, I think you take delight in spelling it out in excruciating detail. Otherwise, you'd reply on point. I did, you just weren't getting it.  A homosexual orientation is most absolutely not a "grave act of depravity". And you know it. In order to win a debte, you're engaging in deception. That is a sin. Wow! Back up. You asked me why a gay Catholic Priest was an oxymoron and I replied with the Catholic position on homosexuality, showing how it was at odds with Catholicism. You said that my source was questionable, so I went right to the horse's mouth and quoted chapter and verse. Now, you're trying to argue Catechism with ME as if I was the author. emoticon_confused Sorry pal, I didn't set the policy. Take it up with the Pope.  For both gay priests and straight priests. Your point? My point is that you're more likely to have a formerly married priest with marriage experience than a gay priest. Man, I feel that I have to do an awful lot of spoonfeeding lately.   Evasion. The percentage of priests who are married or widowed is miniscule. Only Catholic Priests that perfor the Latin Rite are celibate. Eastern Rite and Eastern Orthodox Catholics and Anglican and Episcopalian priests that have been approved by the Vatican and ordained as Roman catholic Priests can all be married. I don't know what the demoraphics are, but with 1 billion Catholics in the world, I doubt the number of married priests is small.
A man of your intelligence knows that the Catechism considers homosexual activity a grave depravity, not the orientation. You KNOW that. You really should be ashamed. Sins of Omission, "pal", Sins of Omission. I wonder... is there a Sin of Distortion?  Ah, now I see what you were getting at. I guess I'm a little dense today.   2358 The number of men and women who have deep-seated homosexual tendencies is not negligible. This inclination, which is objectively disordered, constitutes for most of them a trial. They must be accepted with respect, compassion, and sensitivity. Every sign of unjust discrimination in their regard should be avoided. These persons are called to fulfill God's will in their lives and, if they are Christians, to unite to the sacrifice of the Lord's Cross the difficulties they may encounter from their condition. http://www.scborromeo.org/ccc/para/2358.htm  Hate the sin, not the sinner...I forgetted that one. :)   Take up your disingenuous argument with your confessor. I sincerely encourage you to print out this whole thread and have a heart to heart with your parish priest. It'll be good for your soul. Not a bad idea. I may take you up on that. If I do, I'll let you know the results of that discussion. But be forewarned, I don't think you'll like the response that he gives me.  I'm through with this subtopic. On behalf of all the gay priests and brothers and lesbian sisters who faithfully serve the Church, I present you with one of your favorite things: emoticon_rolleyes     You're probably finding it frustrating because you're trying to feed me ****. Imagine how I feel about it.  I'll guess that that last bit was just another misstatement. There are far, far more gay priests in the RCC than there are married priests.   And I'll be willing to place large bet that there are more married Catholic Priests than gay ones.   By the way, after googling for about five minutes, it appears that there are approximately 100 married Roman Catholic priests in the United States. Good guess. According to "Father Rob", there are about 80 marries Roman Catholic Priests in the US. http://forums.catholic.com/showthread.php?t=46709  Your "position" is weak.  How convenient of you to target only the Latin Rite Catholic Priests. I already told you that they were the ONLY celibate priests. Sin of omission? We have an Orthodox Catholic Church just down the street. Want to bet I find two married priests in that parish? And there's a Russian Orthodox Catholic Church on my way home from work; I bet I find two more there. Why, I could start a movement just like in Alice's Restaurant. :)   Here's a breakdown on Catholics throughout the world. There are millions that aren't Roman Catholic and their priests ARE married. http://www.ewtn.com/expert/answers/rites.htm
As I mentioned before, I am Episcopalian. I don't think it requires the Vatican's blessing for the Episcopalian Church to ordain a priest. emoticon_rolleyes  You misinterpreted what I wrote. I said that some married priests were former Anglican and Episcopalian that were ordained with permission from the Vatican, to become Catholic Priests.
It is my understanding that the number of states that have amendments banning same-sex marriage is now at 19.  Even California is working on it.  The number of states that have laws that ban it is 33. (Maybe more now; that number was from early 2004)  I think gay 'rights' lobbyists would do well to start realizing that marriage really matters a lot to the majority of people in this country, and to realize that they are treading on an institution that is traditionally and fundamentally opposite-sex by nature and definition. The number of states not allowing gay marriage is on the rise dramatically, since gay activists began pushing things so strongly in the last few years. The more gay people push to redefine marriage, the harder they are going to make it for themselves.
Well to most people gay marriages aren't equivalent to heterosexual marriages, did I say heteros do better than gays no, but the fact remains that people do have some core values that won't be shaken and till gays realize this they will accomplish nothing except spawn anger into disgust and disgust into loathing and loathing into hate and continue the downward spiral....  Why can't gays be content with what they have now, instead they're just going to P.O. a nation that has already shown they are leaning more conservative now a days.   I don't know....I just think there are way to many problems that are more important than whether you can have the same last name as your "life partner"
Wow, I wonder if this is what they said to women who wanted to vote, or blacks who wanted a better education at the white only schools, is this what they said to inter-racials couples who wanted to marry?   Red herrings, every one. Those were not even simliar issues. Homosexuality is a moral issue.
The gay rights movement may or may not P.O. the nation,   Considering that 19 states have enacted amendments banning gay marriage with others working on it, most since the gay TV marriages out of San Francisoc and Massachusetts, I'd say the nation is already pretty P.O.ed.
What about whether your child gets medical insurance? Sounds like a pretty large problem to me.  Ideally EVERY child would be covered, but you're always going to be able to find exceptions to when they are. One could just as easily say that we should extend HMOs to all people even if they aren't employed. Health care is not a marriage issue, it's a health care issue.  All of the supposed things that gay people need in marriage benefits can be given to them in other ways without treading on the institution of marriage.
Murder is a moral issue... yet condemned murderers may marry the consenting adult partner of their choice.  No, they can marry the opposite-sex partner of their choice, not any "consenting adult". They have no more rights than you.  Lying is a moral issue... yet convicted purjerors may marry the consenting adult partner of their choice.  No, they can marry the opposite-sex partner of their choice, not any "consenting adult". They have no more rights than you.  Prostitution is a moral issue... yet prostitutes may marry the consenting adult partner of their choice.  No, they can marry the opposite-sex partner of their choice, not any "consenting adult". They have no more rights than you.  Pornography is a moral issue... yet pornopraphers may marry the consenting adult partner of their choice.  No, they can marry the opposite-sex partner of their choice, not any "consenting adult". They have no more rights than you.  Marriage is about opposite-sex relationships. If baning marriage for murderers is your thing, try and get an amendment passed in your state.
No one cares if you are somehow offended  And THAT attitude (that you don't care about the moral views of others) is a big reason why you don't have the "rights" you seek, and are currently going backwards as a movement.
A more recent article by Zorn (who--for the uninformed--is a straight African-American father):   http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/columnists/chi-0411090324nov09,0,548344.column  And yet despite these supposedly "reliable" polls, state after state populations keep voting to ban gay marriage these days.  It seems that these polls don't hold much water on election days, when it counts the most.
Perfect example of why civil rights can not be put to a popular vote. History has shown us a dozen times over that rights should not be put to a vote.   And I guess we're just supposed to take your view of what constitute rights?  No thanks.
I use to be for Civil Unions for Gays but the radical left and radical Gay sect has begun to turn me off to even that as it has to most Americans as Polls show where a huge majority of Americans are against Gay marriage and the figure is going up against Civil Unions.........
Sadly, tomorrow my state, Kansas, is having a vote on a marraige amendment. I am voting no of course and I encourage any other Kansan here to do so. This is totally absurd. It is already illegal here as it was in many, if not all, of the states that have passed such amendments. It is meant only for two reasons: as slap in the face of every gay rights supporter and as a political ploy.  And yet you have the gay lobby to thank for it.
There's an interesting piece of the declaration of independence, what with the right to pursue happiness and all.  Yeah, why can't someone marry the Brother, Sister or their pet? They should be allowed to pursue happiness
You know, we should ban women and non-whites from voting. After all, when women got the right to vote, children and dogs got the right to vote too.  Its a slippery slope of moral decay, I tell you!  Huh emoticon_confused
I can assume the definition of radical is anyone who doesn't think like you. That would have made Martin Luther King a radical leftie....yeah...Glad to see I am in a good crowd.   Some reliable sources would say he would not have been in your crowd at all.  "St. Paul, Minn. - Martin Luther King Jr.'s youngest daughter participated in a march in Atlanta in December 2004, in support of a federal constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage. The Rev. Bernice King has said she doesn't believe her father died to give homosexuals the right to marry. She is not the only black religious leader who believes this.  "Most people want to say he was a great civil rights worker, but he was a great preacher," says the Rev. Bob Battle. "A preacher of the gospel of Jesus Christ."  On the Thursday before the King holiday, Battle gave a short speech in the state Capitol rotunda. The event, meant to honor King and Minnesota civil rights icons, was sponsored by conservative Sen. Michele Bachmann, R-Stillwater. Battle is an African American who grew up in segregated Mississippi. He also led a committee that chose the street that runs in front of the Capitol to be renamed after King. Battle is convinced that if Martin Luther King were alive today, he would support a ban on gay marriage.  "Because he was 100 percent family. He knew that family was the thing that makes this country a great country," says Battle. "And then because of slavery, we as black folks were separated so much on purpose to keep us from growing into a family." Battle also says King's theology would have prevented him from endorsing gay marriage. He says King believed in a Bible that stated God's opposition to homosexuality, and that defined marriage as between one man and one woman. A recent Pew Research poll found that 67 percent of black Protestants oppose gay marriage on religious grounds."  http://news.minnesota.publicradio.org/features/2005/01/17_williamsb_wwmlkd/  Yeah, yeah I know . . . his widow says he'd support gay rights.  His daughter says otherwise.  The point is, we'll never know for sure, and any movement (such as yours) trying to piggyback off the civil rights movement by claiming his legacy may be doing it in error. Civil rights and gay rights are separate issues--gay rights is much more tied to the question of morality and whether or not gay sex and romantic pursuits are immoral or not.
If the concept of 'harm' is to decide whether or not gay people should be allowed to redefine the institution of marriage, then gay rights groups have little to stand on. The most that can be said is that one group has less benefits than the other. (Of course that requires the premise that both are legitimate groups when it comes to marriage.) Even if we do take the premise that both groups qualify as legitimate criteria for marriage, we can only go so far as to say that one of those groups is getting less benefits than the other--hardly as example of "harm." Civil rights themselves were not decided upon by the concept of harm, but rather equality. "Harm" is an issue that comes into play with criminal issues. To accuse the govt. of harming someone requires evidence and proof. Ultimately it was not the issue of 'harm' that brought about civil rights for blacks. It was rather that enough people in the country realized it was the right thing to do. Amendments don't pass in a vacuum or by the judiciary, and an amendment was what guaranteed equality to black people. Regardless of what one's view is of what the founding fathers of our country intended, we can assume based on history that simply claiming "I'm being harmed" is not going to be enough to change the law of the land to allow same-sex marriage. Not only must that harm be proven with evidence, true legal acceptance can only happen with enough people changing their minds about it. Further complicating the issue is that for many Americans, the concept of "legal marriage" is tied to marriage itself to the point changing the legal criteria too much requires changing the definition of the institution of marriage. Gay rights people, you have quite a task ahead, convincing America to redefine the institution of marriage.
Remember, Jyoshu, that it does not matter whether or not gay people are being harmed. It is enough to show that legalizing same-sex marriage is not harmful to indicate that it should be allowed.   Then why are you arguing for same-sex marriage on the basis of being "harmed" by the govt.?  In a free society, the government does not deny rights or benefits to its people without a good reason;   it does not deny those rights and benefits unless they are harmful  Ah, there's the catch now, isn't it: "a good reason." And I suspect you will never be convinced there is any good reason to deny it, because you've made up your mind beforehand.  We've been over this before, but the govt. denies benefits to people all the time regardless of whether or not those who receive them or don't receive them are harmful. Affirmative action, disability, medicare, and social security are ALL examples of this. For me anyway, this is not an issue of whether you should have couples' benefits--if you need them then you should have them. But not by recognizing gay unions as marriage, any more than recognizing a 25 year old as criteria to receive social security, or a healthy non-disabled person criteria for disability. Can you say that 25 year-olds are harmful to society? No, so why deny them money they might need (in some cases they might need it MORE than senior citizens!) You see, the govt. rarely EVER uses the issue of harm to determine this sort of thing. It's easy to throw out the word 'harm' as if our constitution always requires that to be the determining factor, but it's just not the case. Sure, if you need couples' benefits, let's find a way to make that happen. But let's not redefine marriage to do it.  Regarding slavery, people did eventually realize it is the right thing to do, but why did they realize it? Was it because the Bible stated that slavery is wrong? Certainly the Bible does not state that. It was because they realized that slavery is harmful to the slaves.  And if the people decide it's wrong to not redefine the institution of marriage, so be it. (I won't agree with them, but as an American I'd still be here and pay my taxes.) But at least I'd know that the people did indeed do this, as they did in cases of civil rights.
I think one of the main reasons President Bush got re elected was the gay marriage issue..........When the activist judges in Mass.decided to make law instead of interpreting it.....That caused the silent majority in this country to speak up............At some point in time gay marriage may come to be but it won't be in our or our childrens's lifetime.......
Yeah, and what would his widow know anyway? Afterall, his daughter was, what, 10 when he was assassinated?  By all means, let's give his widow the complete benefit of the doubt, just simply because her position happens to be the most agreeable to you. emoticon_rolleyes
But the people didn't usually just decide to grant equal civil rights in the past, in most cases. They did most directly in the case of women's sufferage. This is no surprise; women comprise half of our population. But smaller groups have less influence, and only the minority supported freeing the slaves when they were emancipated. Lincoln hadn't even had intentions of doing so except that he had to as part of the war effort. Segregation was struck down by the Supreme Court. In these fundamental cases, the people never decided to allow freedom or equality, they only learned it many years after it was forced upon them, and some are still learning it today.  On this, I have to disagree. In my opinion (and I think history bears it out), every case where a group obtained civil rights it was because a large part of the nation changed it's view and felt it was the right thing to do. In the case of women's suffrage, you are correct that this happened, and it happened pretty quickly. In the case of black people, it happened as well, but over a long period of time as people eventually realized that slavery was wrong, the abolition movement came about, the Emancipation Proclamation, the civil war that freed them, the further civil rights movement of the 20th century, the 14th amendment and the end of segregation. This was a process, but it came about by peoples' views changing throughout the nation. Rest assured, if segregation had come up 50 years earlier before the supreme court, they wouldn't have even heard the case. Public opinion is ulitmately what shapes these matters, even if it seems it's the judiciary.
http://www.lambda.net/~maximum/rustin.html I wonder who in this forum would have stood with King and who would have been on the side of Thurmond and Helms.  Or Robert Byrd. :p
You want to portray this split in opinion as one woman vs. another. There is ONE member of the King family who disagrees with Mrs. King. The others agree with her.  Really??  MLK III said "I think we need to find a way to honor partnerships, but I don't think that marriage needs to be redefined.'' (http://www.registerguard.com/news/2005/01/17/a1.nat.mlkgaymarri.0117.html)  You seem to be trying to portray the whole King family as being behind the push for gay rights, but it's just not the case.
Gay rights is a lot more than marriage equality.  Yeah right!   I guess that's why you and others on your side of the aisle spend probably 95%+ of your posts arguing about that one issue over any others. emoticon_rolleyes
Well, duh, that's because YOU and JP are in favor of all the other gay-rights issues (or at least you say you are). Did you notice that DADT has gotten more play on here since VOR arrived?   True, but what's ironic is that I'm closer to your view than you think--I have no problem with you getting couples' benefits, if we can do it without redefining marriage as an institution.
Translated:  I am all in favor of you having a drinking fountain, as longs as it doesn't interfere with my drinking fountain.   Then stop trying to redefine the water fountain itself and trying to make it into something its not.
Doesnt the majority in America matter anymore?? The majority of americans dont want Gay marriage... Its obvious because not one state that has let the people actually vote on this issue has legallized it. So i ask this question... Is it truly demoralizing to deny gays to marry? ha. yeah right, its actually the most moral thing we can do on this one issue. And i speak on behalf of the majority of America.... some 80% or greater..
Are you familiar withe the phrase "tyranny of the majority"? Amazing how many Americans don't understand how the Constitution is intended to protect minorities from the majority.  oh brother.. so what if a minority of americans wanted to legalize murder.  this is rediculous.
If you can't see the difference between gay marriage and murder then you need your head examining. In a society based on the right to "life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness" what is the overriding need that means the rights of gays to the latter must be sacrificed. The saying goes that my right to swing my fist stops at your nose, whose nose is smashed by the right of gays to marry?  But the difference is, if you take a swing and hit someone, or harm them in a worse way, you can get locked up for it. But no cop is going to bar the door to a chapel where you get married to a same-sex partner, and you won't be arrested afterwards. Yes, it's completely legal for you to do that, right now.  Apples and oranges.  In truth, the opinion of the majority has no bearing on what is morally right or wrong.  Perhaps it shouldn't, but as I explained to you in another post yesterday, in the real world it always does anyway. No civil rights reform has ever come about until enough people are behind it.
I suppose I should mention that those who support banning same-sex marriage is probably significanlty less than 80%.   show me that evidence.
No civil rights reform has ever come about until enough people are behind it.  I guess what the Christian Right would ask is "is this truly a civil rights movement, or a selfish rights movement?"  and i think they would answer the latter. Also, i dont think the Christian Right would let this happen.
 one of the primary goals of same-sex marriage supporters is to change that opinion, for even though the majority has a lot of power, it is sometimes morally evil.  What makes you so certain that the minority is right on this issue?
I don't think this is true. Racial segregation, for example, was destroyed by a supreme court despite that ruling being wildly unpopular. But yes, I do agree that more support of same-sex marriage will be necessary.   well i guess that leaves us back to the majority thing.. alright thats all i wanted to know, thanks for all your comments.
 There is no reason to perpetuate these harms. I have heard many arguments opposed to same-sex marriage, but there is not even one of them that justifies these harms. In fact, I would even say that there is not one argument against same-sex marriage that makes logical sense at all. Thus, even if same-sex marriage brought no benefits, there would be no reason to keep it illegal; a free and equal society does not deny rights or benefits to anyone, unless it has a very good reason to. And there just isn't any reason to deny rights and benefits to same-sex couples.  Well, its not just morally wrong in America, but its morally wrong in the middle east as well. And i think that if we continue our way downward morally as a nation, it would give terrorists even more hate for america because we are supposedly a "christian nation" and dont live morally.  anyways.
Those damn black people! All wanting respect and equal opportunity! They should just be happy with what they got!Why should they work for the same pay? They are just selfish! [/end sarcasm]  This argument is tired *yawn*   Well, i dont know about you, but i think the majority of people in 1860 that were the christian right (when it came down to slavery opponents and embracers) were the people in the northern states. its called the ABOLITION movement which was based from William Lloyd Garrison who was a preacher..
Are you from the Middle East? I wasn't aware of that; so perhaps much of my references to American government may not have impacted your opinion, though my explanation should be equally applicable in any nation.  Legalizing same-sex marriage is morally right in both places, and denying same-sex marriage is morally wrong. The majority just doesn't understand that yet. But certainly a majority of Americans would see this as a step toward immorality, and you're right that I don't think it would much help your situation with America, at least not today. But if Americans are going to hate you because of your nation's stance on same-sex marriage, then that is a moral problem with Americans, not with same-sex marriage.  emoticon_wow that made no sense. :p
Rereading my post, it appears to make perfect sense. Could you elaborate on what you are confused about?  Maybe saying it in english, instead of approaching me like im from the middle east.
Do you honestly think that you would have not been under the 'influence' of your parents' morality when you initially formed your own decision?  well to answer your question, i know for sure that i wouldve been marching with Martin Luther King Jr. just like i marched in January in the walk for life (led by a black man himself). ALL PEOPLE are created equal. I'm not degrading gays to lesser of a person than me, im just degrading their lifestyle. They are people just like me though.
Uh... let's see... northern chrisitians... umh... wouldn't that be the christian left?  LoL :p great comic relief.
Every word I wrote is in English, and I wrote it precisely as I would have written it to anyone else, with the excpetion of using "your situation" to describe the situation of the Middle East. Your remark seems sarcastic, and it is not helping me clarify my words.  To simplify, I will summarize what I said:  1) Morality has nothing to do with majority opinion. The majority thinks same-sex marriage is immoral, but just the opposite is true.  2) You're right that the American image of the Middle East would not be improved by legalizing same-sex marriage, at least not today, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't legalize it.  ok, that makes more sense. Well, i thought we were supposed to care how and what the world thinks about us.
Well, you have to care about that, I mean, what the world thinks of you determines how you're treated. But this issue won't have too large an impact on anyone's reputation, and sometimes it's better to do something unpopular that helps people than to do something popular that hurts them. I think the impact to reputation is small enough that little harm would come from legalizing same-sex marriage, but a lot of people would be helped.  i was just coming from that perspective because one of the terrorists main reason for hating america is because of its lack of morality.. and legalizing gay marriage would be degrading to them..
 I'm pretty sure they are more concerned with America's percieved use of military force to get what it wants and interfere with the lives of other people, that kind of immorality.   Swift military action came after the fact that we found out they hate our guts..... so, with or without military action, they'd still hate us. thus, my argument still stands, they hate how demoralizing we are becoming.    You don't see terrorists targetting other countries that legalized same-sex marriage, after all.   wasnt spain the first to legalize it??    Regardless, even if terrorists may or may not have good points about America sometimes, it is never a good idea to let people who use violence get what they want, to control a nation, because that only encourages other people to use violence to get what they want.    with this logic, we should stay in iraq just to smite the terrorists and not give them what they want. (a pullout)
Yes, you are degrading gays, we do not have a lifestyle, we have lives and we happen to be gay.   ok heres another example. A sex offender has a lifestyle of rape and whatever you wanna say he has done over and over again. in parallel, i think his actions actions are wrong just like i think a homesexual's actions are wrong. But in no way do i think they are less of a person for that. Human beings are human beings no matter what they do. But sometimes they do things that are wrong... and you gotta fix it.
Homosexuals don't need to be fixed. Can I fix you to like something you don't. You can and will be turned on my the same sex. If they can change so can you.  Dumb XXX thing to say......  lol, i didnt say homesexuals need to be fixed... i said that the issue needs to be fixed and the mindset of "oh now im all for gay marriage" bla bla. whatever, i think that your reactions to things come out too stongly... maybe you should approach things with more of a friendly attitude.
I'm not referring to the Afghanistan war. The US interferes in foreign affairs all the time; our military is everywhere, and usually provide aid to one side of another country's domestic dispute or the other. One very disputed example of this is the US's support of Israel over Palestine. We knew Afghanistan leaders and terrorists hated us long before the terrorist attacks, but we didn't realize they'd allow terrorism to get so far.    No, Denmark was the first to legalize it. In fact, Spain still has not legalized it. Spain did very recently announce plans to legalize same-sex marriage, but I believe that occurred after terrorist attacks to it, not before.    No, we certainly should not do immoral things just to smite the terrorists. We should, however, refuse to let terrorists make our decisions for us. If we pull out of Iraq, we should do it because pulling out of Iraq is the best idea, not because terrorists demanded it. If people can change the actions of the US by committing a few acts of terrorism, then they are going to do it. Certainly we shouldn't go out of our way to offend anyone.  sorry, i didnt mean to get into a big debate over that, but i was just pointing out stuff that could happen.
Yes, you are degrading gays, we do not have a lifestyle, we have lives and we happen to be gay. We have no more of a lifestyle than a heterosexual. We have different lifestyles varied by our circumstances. All in all we have a life, not a lifestyle. When you learn that part of this game, your words will sound less degrading to gays.  Come on Joe, by now you must know that when people ask questions it doesn't mean they are "degrading" anyone. How can you expect any sort of dialogue on these issues if you say you are being degraded in the very asking of questions? This is in fact a forum and discussion is expected here--including questions. You know what people mean by the term "lifestyle;" you've been around the debate long enough to know that. It's not a slam, it's a way to refer to sexual and romantic activities among gay people.  People should be able to talk about these matters in a forum without being accused of "degrading" someone in the very act of discussing it.
being gay isn't an action, it is a state of being. Even if I sit in a corner and do nothing, I will still be gay. If I was single and I didn't have sexual "actions" for years, I would still be gay. Being gay isn't about what you do, it is about who you are.  and yes, you are still degrading gays, even if you don't realize it, even though I am pointing it out how degrading what you are saying is.   i could say as well that even if a sex offender keeps from his actions, hes still considered a sex offender so i dont see your point.
You can't be sorry for getting in a debate on a debate forum. That's why we're here!  Regarding your disapproval of homosexual actions; I understand that you're saying that you disapprove of actions associated with being homosexual, not the homosexuals themselves. But I also understand why everyone finds it so degrading. To associate homosexual activity with rape, that is very insulting to people who engage in homosexual activity. Not everyone believes that homosexual activity is immoral. With rape, it's easy to see why people disapprove of it: it is harmful, and it abuses the rights of others. But homosexuality doesn't hurt anyone. There's no reason to believe it to be immoral.   i catch your drift. but im not meaning to degrade a homosexual to a sex offender, but i was merely just trying to give an example of what i meant or whatever.
The difference is that a sex offender is about violence and being gay is about love and attraction. Either way, I find your posts offensive. Gays should not be compared to sex offenders, it is extremely offensive. They are no wheres near the same thing.   ill compare you to a heterosexual then... OH WAIT THATS DEGRADING! ha. but seriously  i dont agree with the lifestyle's of many heterosexuals because their actions to me are very wrong. So in the same sense i think the actions of homosexuals are wrong as well. is that better?? sorry if i offended you.
I seriously doubt that most times "sex offender" or "pedophile" or other things are brought up in the context of homosexuality, that they are done so with the intent to insult or degrade gay people. The fact is, because homosexuality is such a moral issue with many people that there is sometimes simply no way to discuss it without bringing in analogies of other things that some also find to be moral issues. There is no way to have a serious discussion if one side is going to balk everytime they hear an analogy they don't like even when the analogy is used simply as a way to discuss the moral implications of the matter. Like it or not, many people in this country DO view homosexuality as a moral problem and refusing to argue analogies on the merits of the analogy for the current discussion's context just because one thinks something broader is being implied is not going to help in the least. One would think if gay rights people want to "correct" people's view of the morality of homosexuality, they would address the analogies rather than condemning them.
I seriously doubt that most times "sex offender" or "pedophile" or other things are brought up in the context of homosexuality, that they are done so with the intent to insult or degrade gay people. The fact is, because homosexuality is such a moral issue with many people that there is sometimes simply no way to discuss it without bringing in analogies of other things that some also find to be moral issues. There is no way to have a serious discussion if one side is going to balk everytime they hear an analogy they don't like even when the analogy is used simply as a way to discuss the moral implications of the matter. Like it or not, many people in this country DO view homosexuality as a moral problem and refusing to argue analogies on the merits of the analogy for the current discussion's context just because one thinks something broader is being implied is not going to help in the least. One would think if gay rights people want to "correct" people's view of the morality of homosexuality, they would address the analogies rather than condemning them.  yeah, i wasnt even one bit tryin to degrade anyone. Thanks for the clarity within your statement!
No doubt, many, including you, actually see them as similar.  Only in terms of both being immoral, NOT in terms of degree. That's what I think you miss when you jump to conclusions about these analogies: no one is claiming gay people are sex offenders. When you jump to a red herring about some non-intended broader implication in an analogy, you broadside the discussion at hand and get off-topic everytime. (Maybe that's you intention.)
So, just as I suspected, your analogies rest on nothing but your perception. Why don't you just compare homosexuality to something else you don't like. Say creamed peas, for instance. It would have as much bearing.  There's no large contingent of people in this country who view creamed peas as immoral, as there is homosexual behavior. It don't fit.  Then, don't give me the opportunity to derail your sincere discussion. Stick to homosexuality.  I'll keep using whatever analogies I feel are best when "sticking" to homosexuality, thank you. Whether or not you jump to conclusions on them and assume something is intended that's not is up to you.
That is such a dishonest answer.  As if your mindset regarding blacks or gays would not have been determined by what the "majority" thinks. You do not know that any more than I would.   you cant sit there and tell me that was a dishonest answer. good grief, who are you to say that?
Hate to remind you, or inform you...which ever, but this country is NOT a "Christian nation." It was never founded as such nor intended as such. The ONLY thing that points to us being even close to being a supposedly "christian nation" is the fact that christians make up a larger number in the religion debate. But our laws are NOT solely "christian" nor do we have any type of state religion. Or did you forget about that little thing known as "Freedom of religion?"  duh, but our founders based a lot of laws from the Bible.
Let's assume such a asseration is correct. That if the majority wants something, that it is free to make any such laws, even if the strip specific individuals of any and all rights.   Under your logic, you must therefore support any action by the majority that wants to tar, feather and quater any user who goes by the name of VTcruiser [/b]  Well, that is obsurd and you know it yourself.. If you are going to make arguments, at least make ones that matter.
Answer the question. It is just as absurd as your argument; that was the point.  if the majority believes something, then under your argument, we should do it. The problem with the rule by majority is that anything can occur. We can strip specific minorities of all rights. We can kill people like you for stupid reasons. That is perceisely why your argument is completely ridiculous.  Merely because the majority wants something (or not want) does not mean we act upon it.   Hence, why we would NOT tar, feather and quater you if the mob said to.  Sometimes the majority can get it wrong.. Hence, slavery in the early stages of our nation... but, on this issue, i think the majority has it right.. I dont see the gay rights movement in any comparison to the abolition movement!
That is what you think, as you have said, but I thin you are wrong. Gay rights are about people who are misunderstood, taken for granted, and denied thier due rights. huum where has this happen before?  taken for granted?? what special thing do gays have to offer our society?
The majority has been wrong litterally millions of time throughout history.   If the majority decided to do something that deined people rights, is that just and correct?   But many, including the wife of Martin Luther King Jr see the gay rights movement similar to the civil rights movement.  so why dont you stand up for the unborn?? seems like they are denied the most rights in this country... And they have the majority to face... (well, not the majority anymore since the last election said that the majority wants to end abortion)  if martin luther king jr.'s wife really believed in civil rights, she would stand up for the black children in the womb.
For a number of reasons. First of all, the unborn are not productive citizens. Second, the unborn are not granted rights. Third, the unborn, especially those aborted, would be a financial strain upon this country, and this world. Fourth, the aborted, if forced to be born, would likely be born into a parentage that did not want them. Fifth, we already have a large amount of children in foster homes and many waiting to be adopted. Sixth, our facilities for caring for thise children as a nation is not up to par with other countries. Seventh, for pure labor reasons, it is cheaper to have immigrants immigrant and save us the billions in education, housing, and other such until age 18.     You make a asseration you cannot prove.   Besides, you are clearly changing the subject to avoid discussing something you are losing.  not changin the subject at all, im just simply relating the right of the majority to the affliction of the minority which you think that people against gay marriage are doing, and which i think people who support abortion are doing.  i think that you just contradicted yourself with your statement because if you really stood up for the minority, you would stand up for the unborn..
This my friends is another example of how the antis have nothing but lies, fallacies and majority oppression What a broad reaching generalization you have made. Since you are in the habit of naming logical fallacies, you should like this...You are committing the fallacy of hasty generalization as well as the fallacy of using an unrepresentative sample. This is very disturbing for one who seems to have a handle on his logical fallacies. But kudos must be given out to you as you have managed to commit two fallacies in one sentence.
You truly are someone unclear on the concept here. Again, just so you didn't miss it the first few times it was pointed out to you...THIS IS THE GAY RIGHTS FORUM! If you want to discuss/debate abortion, go to that forum!   It's really quite simple.   how is my argument not valid to you?? the guy is contradicting himself. He saying he stands up for the opressed, and the afflicted.. .but in all reality he doesnt!
Don't get out much do ya? Elton, Will and Grace, Queen, Shakespere, should I go on  tell me what gays have to offer that no other human can...YOU CANT! BECAUSE EVERYONE IS THE SAME! no one is more special than the other.
 Gay rights are about people who are misunderstood, taken for granted  Taken for granted means, you have something to offer that no one else has.
No, it doesn't. You must not have a grip on English. It means that you are not appreicated for what you do offer.   THATS MY POINT! WHAT DO YOU OFFER THAT NO ONE ELSE DOES? Gays are just as human as anyone else.
What does that matter?  why do you think you deserve some special right then?? its not like you are being oppressed. Everyone views you as a human and respects you for who you are.
I am not looking for special rights, I am looking for existing rights not currently extended to my partner and myself. Why is that "special" it is only special if the rights we received were not given to others, but they are. So this is not about special rights, it is about civil rights.   No offense, but you really don't seem to know much about gays at all.  well then according to you, the right to have 15 wives is there but im being denied it. GOOD GRIEF! this is rediculous
I have posted this before, but will do so again for your edification:  The real purpose of that was so that we would not become like england and be a theocracy. But you cant deny that a lot of our laws are based out of the Bible.. The 10 commandments sit right there inside our supreme court... i guess that they didnt think christianity was all that important to our government
These are not special rights.  in response to all that, i think i wanna point out the 15 wives thing again. It seems to me that if some mormon in utah wants to move to the east coast, and bring his wife and 5 "other wives" and 35 children with him, he and his family would be looked down upon.  I really dont see how gays are treated worse than anyone else. EVERYONE GETS MADE FUN OF IN LIFE!!!!!!!!!! And everyone, anywhere in the world, has to go through poo. Id say that your "struggles" are nowhere in comparison to the struggles of the pro-democratic government supporters in china trying to get rid of communism..
One can only come to one of two conclusions with the fact that there are obvious similarities in the themes of the Bible and the ideologies of our govt. (freedom, life, liberty, pursuit of happiness, laws that are parallel such as those against theft, murder, etc.)  a.) Either they came about due to the religous influences on our founders (obviously many of them were religious to varying degrees), or   b.) It's purely a coincidence.  It is naive and shortsighted to think that religious men would not be influenced by religious ideals in their work to create a nation by the people and for the people. To think that the founders somehow divorced themselves from their religious influences for a bit in order to draft the same ideological laws and principles to ensure they were as secular as possible is to not only deny the power of ideology, but to insult the founders themselves by implying their beliefs should have been "locked in the closet" as our nation formed.  The truth is, it is much more likely that religion DID play a role in the founding of our govt., simply because many of the founders had religious beliefs, the principles of our govt. are in many case parallel to Christian ones, and we can't deny that a person's beliefs have a way of playing out in everyday life. One has to ask, how could it NOT have been an influence?
That is exactly the point to be argued. Those against same-sex marriage argue to maintain their "special" status and rights while denying it to others.  So if gay marriage isnt a special right, then how come it hasnt always been?? how come all of a sudden people think their rights are being violated?? why wasnt this universal in the first place??
In my reading of the constitution, it always HAS been a right.  lol, i guess in the constitution its says "Gays can marry, People may have 15 wives even, ok how about we just let people marry animals!"  cmon man, thats rediculous to say that you read it in the constitution.
and by the way, our rights dont come from the government, but from the creator (according to the declaration of independence). I dont think God would create a right for homosexuals to marry... That would be contradicting Himself.
Loving vs. Virginia  establishes marriage as a basic human right.  Why do you think some are so hot on a constitutional ammendment to specifically bar it?.  Well, in all things, you gotta draw the line somewhere right?
Quite the contrary. The constitution says nothing about any marriage whatsoever.  However, the Bill of Rights does state that any right not specifically reserved to the federal government by the constitution is granted to the states or to the people.  Unless it's illegal. And as VT pointed out, by your interpretation, 15 wives or husbands should be completely allowed by the govt.  Loving vs. Virginia  establishes marriage as a basic human right.  But it doesn't mean you can call any arrangement you want a "marriage." Obviously the parties in Loving vs. Virginia were thinking of marriage in terms of it's most fundamental aspect: that it's between a man and woman. The only thing the Loving case did was say that marriage (a man and woman of course) is a human right, but of course it is: that is why men and women marry each other. Marriage is a straight thing. (It's real purpose was to say that a man and woman of different races could marry, BTW).
Please point out the wording in Loving vs. Virginia  ruling that leads you to the "OBVIOUS"  conslusion that it applies only to opposite sex marriage. (Hint: It doesn't.)  Please point out to me where it says both gays and straight people can marry whoever.   Isnt a law created to keep the nation moral?? I wouldve thought that the ruling would lead towards that since back then gay marriage wasnt even an issue to think about because people knew it was wrong.
However, there is nothing in the constitution that would bar it (polygamy).  See, that's the problem. With your interpretation of marriage by the constitution, anyone can say that any possible arrangement is a marriage and demand govt. benefits for it.   Please point out the wording in Loving vs. Virginia  ruling that leads you to the "OBVIOUS"  conslusion that it applies only to opposite sex marriage. (Hint: It doesn't.)  The purpose of Loving wasn't to define marriage: that what DOMA is for (actually, DOMA only puts in writing what most people understand marriage to be anyway). As far as if the parties in Loving approached marriage from an opposite-sex standpoin, why wouldn't they have???? That's what it's been about for most of American history, and certainly at the time of Loving. The idea that marriage is about other things is a more recent phenomenon.
Read the Bill of Rights. It doesn't have to specifically spell it out. But it does say, if it is not specifically spelled out, it is a right of the people. It doesn't say heterosexually people ONLY.  i guess it doesnt say gays and heterosexualls only either, i could marry the moon if i believed this philosophy.
 If marriage is a staight thing, then everyone isn't getting equal protection.  What if i wanna marry my horse?? then it would just be a gay and straight thing.. and my rights would be violated..
Laws aren't based on morality. Laws are based in the constitution. Capital punishment isnt moral, but it is legal in some states.   wasnt the constitution created to provide rights through morality? geeees
oh and according to the creators of the constitution, our rights arent given to us by the government, but we are endowed by our creator with certain inalienable rights!
Gee, I don't see anything there (let alone anything OBVIOUS) about the fundamental right in Loving pertained solely to inter-racial marriage.  It didn't define marriage as being other than between a man and a woman, that's for sure. It just said marriage is a human right. Since the general understanding of marriage was and still is that it's between a man and woman, it's not unreasonable to assume that's the 'marriage' at issue. That's what marriage IS.  We need to stop looking at the Loving case as a rubber stamp for any sort of arrangement possible, that anyone might want to claim govt. benefits for. Of course it said marriage was a human right--that doesn't mean we get to call any sort of arrangement in the world we want a "marriage." It didn't address the nature of what constitutes a marriage.  But of course, the great minds who spend all day knocking gays on Internet fora have much keener legal eyes for spotting the OBVIOUS.  Or those who get their dander up over the least amount of disagreement, and can't tolerate hearing any other views than your own. But regarding the above snide comment, if about 20-30 minutes a day of posting constitutes "all day," and mere disagreement constitutes "knocking gays" (whatever the heck that means), hey. I'll own up. :p
I don't think this is true. Racial segregation, for example, was destroyed by a supreme court despite that ruling being wildly unpopular. But yes, I do agree that more support of same-sex marriage will be necessary.  The SCOTUS also established the original " Separate but equal" in 1896, Plessy v. Ferguson.
That wasn't in the constitution, that was the declaration of independance. Have you been to school? Do you know American History.  good grief i didnt say it was in the constitution! you read to fast. I said according to the CREATORS of the constitution... in no way did i say it was in the constitution.  i said that to say that the creators of the constitution were very moral.
wasnt the constitution created to provide rights through morality? geeees  i meant to say, created to provide rights with morality. But through the morality of our founders, our constitution was established.. They also used their morality to say, everyone has rights which are endowed by our creator.
Then are not gay people a part of "everyone"?  i never said they arent! like i said, homosexuals are just as human as me and you.. ha... and by the way, do you think the creator would contradict himself and say "homesexual marriage is alright"?
I certainly think the creator would agree that homosexual marriage is good and moral, though I by no means think that he would be contradicting himself.   ha, show me in the bible where it says God thinks homesexuality is good and moral... show me..
Why would this be a contradiction?  Go read Romans 1 and you'll see why. God cant be for and against sin.
 Sorry, there's nothing here that indicates a specifically Christian God, nor is there any mention of the bible.  i think anyone on this forum can tell you that you are wrong about that. The creator refferred to in the declaration of independence is the Judeo-Christian God... Even my homesexual RA who majors in political science says that.!!!
Show me where in the Bible you get license to condemn. Show me where it says you are any better than any other sinner. Show me where you have been granted the privelege of judging anyone.  Actually - why not just go to the ever abused book of Romans - and do try and get past the first chapter that mentions homosexuality.  Im no better than any other sinner, never claimed i was! Im not judging anyone, i am just pointing out what the Bible says. Why dont you quit skippin over romans 1.. and dont assume that i dwell on that..
Keep your Bible within your religion. Also, keep in mind what I pointed out to you in an earlier post regarding what our founding fathers said in the Treaty of Tripoli. You have every right to your religion, but not at the expense of someone elses civil rights.  buuuut, those founding fathers said those rights arent given by the government, but we are endowed by our creator with those certain inalienable rights... Seems like they didnt put aside their Bible to point that out..
The hell you aren't judging. The minute you turn to the Bible to justify denying homosexuals anything you are judging.  Are you judging me for "judging"?   The mis-use of Romans is a pet peeve of mine. Every anti-gay Christian I have met uses it as justification to hate, condemn, deny rights, disapprove of, etc. homosexuality.   Misuse?? oh brother.. by the way, i dont hate, condemn, deny rights, disapprove of the homesexual as a human... BUT I DO NOT AGREE WITH THEIR ACTIONS! big difference. i respect them as humans!    "hey they may not be worthy, but neither are you, and the only reason anyone will get saved is through the grace of Christ" for anyone to make claims about who is or is not worthy of heaven cheapens that grace.   well, i know that i am covered by the blood of Jesus and my sins are forgiven.. but that doesnt mean i never struggle with sin.. i never said i was higher than anyone. Also, Paul also goes on later in Romans 6:1 to say "What shall we say then?? Are we to continue in sin that grace might increase??" then in verse 2 "MAY IT NEVER BE! how shall we who died to sin still live in it?"    They are out of line. Mind your own keep. Christ talked about it, too, a lot - you know, judge not, the one without sin can throw the first stone, worrying about the speck in your brother's eye rather than the plank in your own. One thing Jesus never once mentioned in the gospels though, is homosexuality.  You could say all the things that Jesus never mentioned must obviously be right if you truly believed that. We are all sinners, born into sin.. but Christ died and rose again so that we would be free from it. im not throwing a stone at anyone, because i myself was a sinner and yes, sin is still in the world and i am a human and still struggle with it sometimes. im just simply pulling out what the Bible says about sin.. dont blame me for coming up with this.. blame the God if you want, but dont blame me.
I find no reference to the Bible or Judeo/Christianity anywhere in the constitution.  dont you think the constitution was birthed FROM THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE??
Take it to the "Religion" forum.  Im just referring back to "we are enowed by our creator with certain inalienable rights" and i want you to prove that the reference there isnt to God.. ha You Cant.. and if you want, i can go down the hall here and ask my Gay RA if he'll pull out all of his political science books where it states that.
What does that have to do with anything?  my point being, that the rights given in the constitution were based from the belief that we are "endowed by our creator with certain inalienable rights"  thats got everything to do with the constitution.
I am a person with a lick of sense. That is who I am.  As if you could sit there and actually say that you KNOW you would have marched with MLK! What makes you think that you would not have been affected by the societal mores of that time?   As I said, Hindsight is a bit of an itch that way.  So either way, we cant say. but you shouldnt tell me it was a dishonest answer.
From the decision by HON. DORIS LING-COHAN, Justice, SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK in Hernandez, et al v. Robles http://www.lambdalegal.org/binary-data/LAMBDA_PDF/pdf/378.pdf : (Emphases mine)   And from Today's MSNBC Website:  Oregon justices nullify 3,000 gay marriages Governor wants expanded rights, lawmakers to weigh next The Associated Press Updated: 1:03 p.m. ET April 14, 2005SALEM, Ore. - The Oregon Supreme Court on Thursday nullified nearly 3,000 marriage licenses issued to same-sex couples by Multnomah County a year ago, saying a single county couldn't take such action on its own.  The court said while the county can question the constitutionality of laws governing marriage, they are a matter of statewide concern so the county had no authority to issue licenses to gay couples.  The court noted that last November, Oregonians approved a constitutional amendment that limits marriages to a man and a woman. The court also said that long before that vote, state law had set the same limitations on marriages since Oregon became a state.  "Today, marriage in Oregon - an institution once limited to opposite-sex couples only by statute - now is so limited by the state Constitution as well," the court ruling said. http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/7502399/   Emphasis is mine.
You have the most fanciful, revisionist view of Christianity I have ever encountered. For someone supposedly so opposed to moral relativism, you certainly embrace it. Of course it was an influence, and I daresay the founders had a much better grasp on the influences, good and bad, of religion than you do. That men steeped in Christianity chose to create a nation built on secularism should tell you something. Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness are NOT Christian ideas.  It never ceases to amaze me that some refuse to try and see how so many people embrace religion, not because of it's restrictions or rules (which is often the athiest's only portrayal of it) but because of the freedom it brings. It's hard to understand how someone can read the writings of Christ and not see how he would support life and liberty, as well as the pursuit of happiness--indeed life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness ARE Christian ideals, and only someone prejudiced against religion could possibly try so hard to purge religious influence from the founders' thinking through modern revisionism.  If they are for you, then why in the world are you so clearly standing in the way of my life, my liberty, and my pursuit of happiness?  When a person goes so far as to try to legitimize their lifestyle (yes, I used the "L" word!!! emoticon_wow No, it's not referring to anything other than homosexual sex and relationships) by trying to piggyback off institutions held dear by the rest of society, and then has the gall to call it a "pursuit of happiness" (when you can get married to a gay person now), it only goes to show why state after state is rejecting your movement. The govt. benefits just ain't gonna bring happiness to your life.
And from Today's MSNBC Website:   Emphasis is mine.  Hey, JP!!   Have you noticed that they're usually arguing their case from the standpoint that it's unconstitutional to not do things the way they want, and yet the minute they are faced with constitutional basis that marriage isn't for same-sex relationships, they move on to other things, as if they were never holding up the constitutional mantra to begin with? ("Oh, well, THAT constitution is just wrong.") It only goes to show it's not about rights at all, but validifying homosexual behavior, and it always has been.  Where will they turn for validity when an even higher court rules that there is no constitutional basis for redefining marriage??
Remember that it was incredibly difficult for anyone before Locke to use the Bible to justify life, liberty, and the persuit of happiness. In medival times, for example, most people used the Bible to justify kings, slavery, and subservience of women. If you'd told them that the Bible supports life, liberty, and happiness, they would have laughed.  While I understand what you are saying, I see it differently. Religion was one of the few things medieval people had to hold onto--it WAS a source of happiness to many I'm sure, in the midst of a harsh era (the plague, hard work, terrible sanitary conditions, etc.)   I agree with you though that there were times that governments and the Church mis-used religion to justify evil things. On the other hand, there were good popes as well, and the most we can say is that religion was misused at times throughout history. Nevertheless, for the context of this discussion, I think religion in modern times is more to the point than the use (or really misuse) of the Bible in medieval times.  Isn't legitimizing one's lifestyle part of the persuit of happiness? Doesn't everyone have the right to try to speak his opinion, to change people's minds? That isn't gall, that's freedom, that's happiness, that's liberty.  There's no such thing as TOTAL uninhibited liberty. If we had that, we'd have anarchy. That goes for both civil law and 'natural law.' What this discussion ultimately is about is drawing limiting lines: you want the line drawn somewhere PAST gay marriage, and most of the country wants it drawn before gay marriage. I happen to agree with the rest of the country, because drawing the line past gay marriage is to redefine what marriage is. With that said, if there are benefits you need, I say let's find a way to give them to you.  Regarding happiness: you'll never find true happiness in benefits from the government.
What else would you expect from sheeple?  Hey, that was a "baaaaaad" thing to say. :p
I guess my point is that if the Bible can be so misued, so misinterpreted in the past, then there is no reason to believe that it is not happening again. This wasn't the common man holding onto the Bible who made these claims; it was scholars and authors, people who wanted to justify holding on to their traditional ways, even though their old ways are certainly wrong.  Indeed, it can certainly be misused and is from time to time. I still feel however that a correct interpretation of the Bible is that it (in it's way) is about life, liberty, and happiness. But that doesn't mean liberty doesn't have to have some boundaries at some point.  Remember that gay marriage is not further down the line than straight marriage.   On what do you base this?  No? Well, why not tell that to anyone in the past who has been denied equal treatment under the law? Why not tell that to slaves, the oppressed, the victims of genocide? Benefits under the law aren't everything, but they mean a lot.  Freeing someone from slavery is not the same as granting them benefits over and above a life of freedom. Gay people aren't prevented from marrying each other, they just don't get the benefits that are given for it. Gay people aren't owned or traded like property. What you might portray as oppression is really just not getting benefits that are over and above an already free life. That doesn't mean you shouldn't get those benefits--in fact you should. But even as a straight person who is married, if the govt. suddenly decided to stop giving me marriage benefits, I'd still be free and still be living in a free country. This isn't like not having the right to vote or being enslaved. It's about benefits over and above a life of freedom already. Remember, single people don't get those benefits either, but we don't consider them oppressed for it.
But it was. You were the one to bring it up, to somehow "prove" that you were not bigotted.  "I would have marched with MLK, so therefore you cannot call me a bigot!"  Puh-bloody-lease ... emoticon_rolleyes  oh cmon, there you go again.. tellin me i wouldnt have done it.. emoticon_wow
An era that religion helped initiate and perpetuated for hundreds and hundreds of years. An era that ended only when people started to look back to what came before Christianity and started to communicate with those who had been spared the imposition of the "true faith".  Oh come on. Organized religion can't be blamed for the plague, low life expectancy, or the sanitary conditions of the middle ages. I suppose next you'll be blaming it for earthquakes and typhoons. And there are very valid arguments that the rennaissance and enlightenment didn't so much come about as a rebellion against religion, but as a result of it--an advancement of it. There were many factors afoot including the protestant reformation.  During what percentage of the past 2000 years, with Christianity swinging back and forth between liberating and oppressing, did the Church (or churches) treat gay people well?  Bob, "gay" wasn't even an issue until recently (relatively speaking of course).  You're asking us to give the benefit of the doubt to an institution that has pummelled us for centuries, right up to the present.  Who said I'm asking you to give them the benefit of the doubt?
I read the writings of christ but if you are gay they don't offer any of what you have said. My reasons for being athiest have nothing to do with being gay, but none the less. Laws in this country are not and cannot be based on one religion or any religion. Why can't you understand that is the best for everyone muslim, jewish, chrisitian and even atheist. Laws in this country are based on the morals of the citizens...who just so happen to be predominantly Christian. You can't change the fact that the majority of Americans are Christians and are comfortable with their Christian values.  No govermnent anything won't bring happiness, but it can protect the happiness you have. I could give you lists of stuff in my relationship that are not protected things because the government is either going to tax it or just doesn't recognize us as anything more than strangers. Civil Unions would be fine if they carried the same weight, but they don't and never will. If you were in a relationship and had a house, kids, investments and the goverment didn't recognize you as anything more than strangers. You would fight to.  If by chance someday, either partner or I have to go to a nursing home, we are screwed. The other will lose the house and we cannot stop that. Married people can stop it. We also wouldn't be able to stay together in a nursing home. We would be separated and can do nothing about it. Married people are kept together by law.  When we travel to visit my parents in Virginia, our "documents" deignating each other as the one to make medical decisions wouldn't be honored if something should happen. THe hospital could infact stop us from making those decision because of the wording of their ammendment regarding marriage. That is why we don't go to virginia. We make my parents come here.  I could go on and on with stuff just like this. Civil Unions are like "marriage lite". They just dont' have the same wieght.  Then why not fight to make the rights of civil unions equivalent to the rights granted a married couple without the term marriage? The all or nothing approach is going to net you NOTHING. Just look at today's Oregon Supreme Court ruling. The handwriting's on the wall. Chirstians have drawn the line at marriage and it'll take more than Sherman's Army to cross it. I'm about as Conservative as they come, but I'm also a strong believer in fairness. If someone like me can live with civil unions that have all the benefits of marriage, surely you can sell it to moderate and liberal Christians, can't you? Just leave out the word marriage. It holds too much religious significance that you just aren't going to shake, no matter how hard you try.
Were you to read the full decision, you might emphasize differently.  http://www.publications.ojd.state.or.us/S51612.htm   ...... Based on the foregoing, we conclude that the use of the word "policy" in Measure 36 is intended to signal a presently enforceable tenet of Oregon constitutional law. And, with respect to the remaining text, there is no ambiguity regarding the measure's substantive effect. Today, marriage in Oregon -- an institution once limited to opposite-sex couples only by statute -- now is so limited by the state constitution as well. As the later-enacted (and more specific) constitutional provision, Measure 36 resolves any prospective claims that plaintiffs may have had under Article I, section 20, to obtain marriage licenses. The claims of the five same-sex couples that they are entitled as a matter of state law, now or hereafter, to obtain marriage licenses and to marry thus fail. ...... Accordingly, plaintiffs urge this court to conclude that the voters did not intend to hinder this court from fashioning a remedy in these appeals that extends such benefits to same-sex couples. However, the issue of the availability of marriage benefits to same-sex couples is not properly before us. At trial, plaintiffs did not seek access to the benefits of marriage apart from, or as an alternative to, marriage itself. The trial court therefore improperly went beyond the pleadings in fashioning the particular remedy that it chose. We do not address that topic further.  The foregoing cases demonstrate that the state and, more specifically, the legislature, is the locus of power over marriage-related matters in Oregon. If that power is broad enough to preempt other states' contrary marriage policies, it inescapably is broad enough to preempt similar policies generated by a political subdivision of this state, such as the county. It is true that nothing in ORS chapter 106 expressly reserves exclusive authority over marriage to the state; however, we cannot ignore this court's jurisprudence that expressly recognizes that exclusive authority, absent some clear legislative directive to the contrary. We conclude that Oregon law currently places the regulation of marriage exclusively within the province of the state's legislative power. ........ In summary, we conclude as follows. First, since the effective date of Measure 36, marriage in Oregon has been limited under the Oregon Constitution to opposite-sex couples. Second, Oregon statutory law in existence before the effective date of Measure 36 also limited, and continues to limit, the right to obtain marriage licenses to opposite-sex couples. Third, marriage licenses issued to same-sex couples in Multnomah County before that date were issued without authority and were void at the time that they were issued, and we therefore need not consider the independent effect, if any, of Measure 36 on those marriage licenses. In short, none of plaintiffs' claims properly before the court is well taken. Finally, the abstract question whether ORS chapter 106 confers marriage benefits in violation of Article I, section 20, of the Oregon Constitution is not properly before the court.  The judgment of the circuit court is reversed, and the case is remanded to the circuit court with instructions to dismiss the action.  That translated into a 4 - 0 shutout. All four claims were denied.
Good lord, man, have the intellectual honesty to recognize what the court is saying. It's a 3 - 0 shutout. They chose not to recognize the fourth pitch.  Your original post included this line in BOLD:  <<"Today, marriage in Oregon - an institution once limited to opposite-sex couples only by statute - now is so limited by the state Constitution as well," the court ruling said.<<  The court quite clearly says that it did not take up the issue of whether that statute was constitutional because the issue was not raised properly. Now, at least under Oregon law, the issue is moot.  Heh, well I guess if you try hard enough you can always try to read a silver lining into it somewhere . . .  Now you're conveniently fogetting the Puritans of those periods which routinely burned "witches", banished theives and decievers and forced adulterers to wear the letter "A" on their chests...and no, I'm not confusing puritan America with Puritan Europe. During the English and Spanish renaissance England broke away from the RCC to form it's own church because good ol' Hank 8 wanted a divorce from his first wife, Catherine of Aragon, 1534. (Yeah, I know just a wee bit about Renaissance England and the role religion played...which by the way was England's entire political basis at the time). It did, however, rejoin the RCC briefly during the reign of Queen Mary 1, in 1555.   The puritans came later than medieval times, (which was our context), well after the rennaissance was well under way and after the pre-reformation church. No one is claiming the church didn't go astray at some points in history, or that they didn't misinterpret or misuse the scriptures.  Actually it can. Organized religion during the middle ages is a reason science and reason died out. Sanitary conditions during the roman period, which valued science were at a all time high for the era. Life expectancy as well, and the plague, well, it wasn't half as bad during Roman years then during the middle ages.  Science didn't die out. There was science in the middle ages, just not the emphasis there was in the rennaissance. If I were you, I wouldn't hold the Roman Empire up as any glorious standard of human achievement; it was a culture laden with periods of oppression, forced take-overs, slavery, gladiator combat (in certain periods), etc. And they weren't as advanced scientifically as other cultures of their time, such as China in the far east.   There are many reasons why the middle ages were troublesome; laying the blame squarely at the feet of the religious establishment may be convenient, but it just isn't accurate. One could more easily blame trade for the plague, since some theories have the plague originating from the far east and wiping out Europeans because they had no immunity built up to it.
So what? Is anyone forcing you to engage in actions of which you do not agree? If not, how is it affecting you in any way?   Its not how it affects me, but how it affects society which i happen to be a part of.   Good for you, I'm glad you have your religion, but you do not have the right to force anyone but yourself to follow your religion or your religious views.   Well, then i guess you think the founding fathers forced it down on everyone as well.. Where will you pull your moral basis as a nation from if its not the Bible?? This is the reason why our founding fathers used it as a reference in writing out our laws.. Who do you think created the idea of freedom and the idea of having laws???? This wasnt a manmade idea..    Oh so you have no control over your own actions or the words you use? Honey, that's not religion or sin, it's a mental disorder and you need treatment for it.  what the heck, that made absolutetly no sense.. I dont come out sayin you have some mental disorder, so at least be decent and try having a conversation without acting the way you are arguing we are acting.. (dissenting and demeaning) (which i havent demeaned anyone on this post yet just to let you know)
Please explain just what those effects on sociery would be.  well, please tell me how it wouldnt affect society in a bad way and actually be good for it.. Cause there are too many things to list for it to be a downfall.
I would just like to remind people that opression of gay people is not a Christian value by any stretch of the imagination.   Of course not. I don't think anyone here is arguing that it is. Even those that typically oppose marriage benefits for gay couples are not trying to get anyone "oppressed."
Speaking of convenient, how about going from "contributing" (my assertion) to "laying the blame squarely at the feet" (your transparent distortion).  If you feel so sure I was directly referring to you, (especially when that section of my post was clearly responding to someone else) then you must have an awfully guilty conscience. ;)
The church has done and does do many things that are, as best I can tell, not Christian, the oppression of gays, I am sorry to say, was and is one of them. Another was the subjugation of women, which thankfully is gradually being eradicated. Catholic priests also molested small boys for a long time. That does not make it a Christian value.  The church (both Catholic and Protestant) has also done many wonderful things throughout history, whether it be feeding the hungry, taking care of orphans, or helping the poor and poverty-stricken. They still do at lo of this. In fact overall, there is most likely more humanitarian work being done by churches now than ever before.
Yes... I know that, my church has recently been campaigning to MakePovertyHistory as part of a national campaign here. I'm not sure how it's relevant to the topic at hand though.  It's not necessarily, except that I feel when the church is described only in terms of its dark times and problems, I prefer to show the other side as well.
Like all other human endeavors, a religion should be, must be, viewed as a whole. It's meaningless to attribute only the good to the belief and the ill to the faults of humanity. Religion IS people (apologies to the producers of Soylent Green). Jyoshu thinks I see only the bad side (despite several posts of mine pointing to the good things religion can bring). I see both sides. He sees the good parts and calls them "Christianity". He sees the bad sides and calls them "mistakes".  The problem is that you insist upon judging Christianity by the history and actions of some of it's leaders (in some sects), instead of the tenets of the faith itself, or especially the founder of the faith and his teachings. You are also judging Christianity based on political entaglements when the lines between church and state were non-existent, and trying to carry that judgement and generalization over to a time when those lines ARE there.  Your view also doesn't allow for instances such as a leader calling himself a Christian for political gain but really caring nothing for the faith at all. If you are going to call THAT Christianity, we might as well assume no leaders ever claimed the mantra of the people's religion and used it to keep their support, and controlling them. Doing that isn't Christianity, it's using Christianity as a mean to an end.  Well, listen to religion in the case of same-sex marriage. I would suggest that the pronouncements of conservative religious leaders and the deeply held feelings of many, many "orthodox" believers against same-sax marriage (and against gay people in general)   Not against gay people,--against gay actions. (gay sex, marriage, etc.)  do not resemble the sentiments of religion when it's up to something good. I don't hear about concern for the downtrodden, or a call to self-examination or "what would Jesus do?".   It would be the ideal religion for you, huh--one from whom you never had to hear a lesson about behavior, one that said 'anything goes!' 'No correction found here for anything!' 'Only a feel-good message, everytime!' But no, there's no contradiction between religion's message of things that one shouldn't do, and the things one should do (take care of the homeless, destitute, etc.) You just don't like the concept of spiritual authority guiding morality, and more to the point, you just don't like being corrected over something. But it's your choice to reject Christian teaching on morality and what one shouldn't do. No one is going to hold a gun to you and make you obey. Freedom of choice is yours.
Good lord, man, have the intellectual honesty to recognize what the court is saying. It's a 3 - 0 shutout. They chose not to recognize the fourth pitch.  I can't get back into your linked site to re-extract the ruling, but IIRC, there were 4 denid claims.
You know, my problem with Christianity's treatment of gay people would go away if you'd apply the same logic you expect of me.  Yeah right.  Treat us based on the teachings of the Founder. In other words, since He didn't say a thing about us, leave us alone.  There are plenty of vices he didn't directly address that are considered bad in our society. I suppose next you will be arguing that since He didn't say a thing about prostitution, we should never assume it's wrong (or rather, as you put it--we should "leave" prostitutes "alone.") You seem to be arguing that Christianity should be a purely humanitarian endeavor rather than have elements of critique and correction for what it considers sin. Sorry, that's never going to happen, nor should it.  As for the rest of your silly posts, by the same logic, Christianity has not harmed the Jews.  Christianity is a religion--a system, if you will, of beliefs and a way of thinking--a worldview. It is incapable of harming anyone--people harm others. You just don't seem to get the fact that people don't always follow that religion the way they should (as in the case of oppression toward the Jews) and so the harm is done when they don't.
Wow, San Francisco........What a shocker........
Wow, San Francisco........What a shocker........  In this case, I have to agree with you. We're talking about the most absolute bizarrely liberal (to the point of absurdity) place in the country. The idea of 'rights' has gotten dog-gone crazy there . . . they even regulate the nutritional content of food for pets, and require dog-houses have raised floors in them. They've basically done away with a number of illegal drug laws. They're working to BAN handgun ownership altogether. (One has to wonder how we can take their insistence of gay marriage as being constitutional seriously when they are trying to completely ignore the 2nd Amendment!)  Despite their liberal regulatory fanaticism, it's actually a very beautiful place to visit!
In this case, I have to agree with you. We're talking about the most absolute bizarrely liberal (to the point of absurdity) place in the country. The idea of 'rights' has gotten dog-gone crazy there . . . they even regulate the nutritional content of food for pets, and require dog-houses have raised floors in them. They've basically done away with a number of illegal drug laws. They're working to BAN handgun ownership altogether. (One has to wonder how we can take their insistence of gay marriage as being constitutional seriously when they are trying to completely ignore the 2nd Amendment!)  Despite their liberal regulatory fanaticism, it's actually a very beautiful place to visit!  It use to be a beautiful city and great liberty for a navy man................I was at Treasure Island in the early sixties waiting for a flight from Travis AFB to Subic bay in the PI.......Spent a week there....Had a great time.........You would not recognize the place now..........
Oh? Do tell, what awful things have happened to Baghdad by the Bay?   I think a better comparison is Sodom..........
These are the comments that make you a homophobic bigot, not your opposition to gay marriage.   In your mind yes........When you have bath houses in SF that have 100 men in a daisy chain performing unprotected sex on one another I would make the comparison to Sodom.........  That is not homophobic, that is a fact and you should condemn it too...........
So, you have been there to see this I take it or are you going on rumors and misinformation. Did you read about this on the focus on family website? Sorry, I just don't believe you.  Go to Yahoo and do a search on San Francisco Gay bath houses if you don't believe me.......  When the AIDS first came out they were shut down but they are flourishing again now and the occupants have gone back to unprotected sex.........  From what I have surmised you are gay.I am surprised you did not know that.....
Well, I doubt it. Supposedly, Sodom was a haughty city, rich and uncaring for the poor. Sounds more like someplace in Texas, if you ask me...  I can tell you never been to Frisco.........
I don't think "daisy chain" would apply to what most people usually think of when they say "unprotected sex".   In any case, why do you make this stuff up?   a daisy chain for you my friend..........never mind.......  I told you check it out if you don't believe me.........
I can only surmise that the daisy-chain story is one of your fond memories of "Frisco" back in the early 60s (pre-Haight Ashbury).   I've heard the sailor bars were pretty wild...  Here we go again.........When you have lost the argument and have nothing constructive to add you resort to peronal attacks ..............So sad..........
What I've lost is not the argument; it's my patience. So I resort to ridicule. Well, you ARE ridiculous. I can hardly be blamed for that.  There are no gay bathhouses in SF. They were closed in the early 80s and have never been reopened. Gay bathhouses do exist in other cities (I told you where the close-by ones are). A daisy chain of "unprotected sex" would imply 100 men engaged in simultaneous anal intercourse. Well, I suppose it might be possible, though I can't imagine why anyone would participate in such an odd configuration except maybe to get into Ripley's. In any case, it would hardly be a common occurence anywhere outside your fevered imagination, let alone in San Francisco.  And Gays in SF want to re open them..........Read it and weep or be happy depending on your persuasion  http://www.thebody.com/asp/sept99/bathhouses.html
It does appear that Mr. Reason has a way of forgetting his past words, even when they are in the same thread, let alone what he stated in other threads. Homophobe? Perhaps, but I notice he is Filled with Navy Pride. It is entirely possible Mr. Reason was a submariner, and you know what they say about the guys on subs, "120 Men go out on a 4 month sub mission, and 60 couples return."   I mention this because it could be anagolus to a reformed cigarrete smoker. Who is more venomous and out spoken about smoking but a smoker who has quit smoking? Who is more venomous and out spoken against Homosexuals than a _______ who has stopped being ________? Fill in the blanks with whatever hypocritical stance you feel neccesary to complete the sentence.  You know, I don't find VOR's arguments particularly appealing at times either, but it IS getting to where it's predictable that when someone comes here to discuss or debate things, one of the first things they encounter is accusations or implications that they are a closeted gay person. I encountered it, others have, and now you've just thrown it up at VOR. It's a bit of an immature tactic, don't you think? I know you're just taking the opportunity to try and aggravate VOR, but let's face it: if you really think that vehement disagreement with you is only indicative of being a closeted gay person, and if you don't realize that most people who disagree with you to any degree are in fact NOT gay, you are incredibly short-sighted. And even if he were a closeted gay person, would it really matter?
Come on guys, implying that Voice of Reason is gay isn't going to help this debate. I'm sure he doesn't find it very funny. I feel many people here have done a fine job arguing against his logic; that's what we should be writing. And what if he was formerly gay? Would anyone think less of him for that?  Heh, you expressed better in a shorter post what I tried to say in a longer one; good job.
It just hit me! You're not an actual person; you're one of those artificial intelligence programs that tries to mimic human communication!  What else could explain the lack of cohesive argument, the stream of consciousness quality of your posts, the constantly shifting assertions, the ever-moving goal posts?  The reason your argument wanders all over the place isn't because you have don't reason, it's because you can't.  Bob, why do you attack people personally when your proven wrong?
YOu made a very specific claim about 100 men in a daisy chain having unprotected sex. It is clear to me that post was not based in fact, but opinion. If you don't have the proof of the claim, you shouldn't make it! That is what makes you a homophobe. You make claims about gays without knowing the truth.   Why do you think they closed the bath houses down in the eighties?
Interesting that you are such an expert on the happenings inside a gay bath house.  No, unlike most liberals and gays I am interested in curtailing the spread of AIDS......
It does appear that Mr. Reason has a way of forgetting his past words, even when they are in the same thread, let alone what he stated in other threads. Homophobe? Perhaps, but I notice he is Filled with Navy Pride. It is entirely possible Mr. Reason was a submariner, and you know what they say about the guys on subs, "120 Men go out on a 4 month sub mission, and 60 couples return."   I mention this because it could be anagolus to a reformed cigarrete smoker. Who is more venomous and out spoken about smoking but a smoker who has quit smoking? Who is more venomous and out spoken against Homosexuals than a _______ who has stopped being ________? Fill in the blanks with whatever hypocritical stance you feel neccesary to complete the sentence.  No I have never heard that said.........You can sit in front of your computer feel safe, and make stupid comments about the Navy submarine force but you would never make those same comments to a submarine sailor in person........If you did you would be picking up your butt off the ground...  Why do you liberals always attack the U.S. military? so very sad......
This statement is clearly unjustified. There is plenty of evidence suggesting that liberals and gays are far more concerned with preventing the spread of AIDS than most. This can be seen in the actions of gay rights organizations and Democrat politicians.  Well from I have been reading for the first time in about 10 years AIDS is going up among gay men and the reason is more of them have reverted back to unprotected anal sex.............  You do the math..........
Why do you insist on these gross generalizations about liberals. You are starting to cross some lines into just being offensive and uncalled for. He wasn't attacking the military at all. Where did that even come from... he was attacking you.  He was attacking navy men of the submarine force.........
This, at last check is 2005, what they did in the 80's has nothing to do with the topic at hand, or your comments. So either justify your comments or take them back and admit they were uncalled for...  Joe you need to read the link I cited in a post in this thread.........Gays in SF are trying to get the bath houses reopened.........
Ah, a land-locked sailor. So much becomes clear...  Hardly, served on 5 ships for a total of 15 years in my 21 years of proud U.S. navy service............
All you have proven is your ability to change subjects and dream up sex scenes worthy of the movie Caligula.  Bob my friend you live in a state of denial.......
I used to date an ex-navy guy - needless to say there are plenty of gays serving in the US Navy and doing a damned fine job of it. Did I mention he was a Navy boxing champion? Yeah, he was hot...;)  That is a little more info that I needed to hear my friend......I am not interested in your sex life.............Thanks.........
I think I want to clarify something. When I suggest that 100-man, anal-sex daisy chains are the product of someone's fevered imagination, that doesn't mean that I think the fantasizer is gay, just that he (or she) has a vivid and lurid imagination and spends too much time thinking about what gay people (usually men) might get up to behind closed doors. It's pretty obvious from the "literature" of the religious-right that they engage in this sort of excess a good deal of the time. It's almost masturbatory, intellectually, that is, not physically (Look, Ma! No hands!).  I've never heard the term "daisy chain" before this thread. I'd ask, but I suspect I don't want to know what that is.  There are several examples of women who engage in the same sort of XXX speculations as VOR. Anita Bryant springs to mind. Phylis Schlafley (sp?). Anne Coulter (I can't imagine she doesn't indulge). Clearly, as women, none of these women (can't say "ladies") have ever engaged in a gay-male daisy chain of any sort. Nor have they gone to a gay-male bathhouse. Yet all three go on and on, much as VOR did (note the past tense -- I love the ignore feature).   I've never read anything by Anita Bryant or Phylis Schlafley, but I do read Ann Coulter's column fairly regularly. I don't recall ever reading anything porographic in it. Speaking of Coulter, she has a good column this month about liberals throwing food (instead of discourse) at Republicans, a la Pat Buchanan and herself. You can read it at http://www.anncoulter.com/  She's also being featured this month in a huge write-up in Time Magazine with her on the frontpage.
Oh yes, that time when you were on two ships at the same time in different oceans?  Or how about when you were a mid level naval officer who suddenly became a high level army advisor to the South Vietnamese?   You're lying.   I love you too little man.......... :)
Not interested in, or uncomfortable with?   Like I said many times what you gays do in the privacy of your bedroom I could care less.........Don't know why you insist on telling us about it............
What? You and jyoshu are the ones who keep bring up the subject!!!!!!!!  Bull. If you don't want the subject talked about, stop reacting to VOR everytime he says something.
It is true that nicknames are assigned to various departments of shipboard personnel and they address each other that way, but to insinuate that the U.S. Navy submarine force is a bunch of homosexuals is a bold faced lie and an insult to our Navy........  I could care less whether you or little man believe I was in the Navy......The important thing to me is my Navy Pension is deposited in my Checking account every month............
Spain is a Roman Catholic country so I doubt if approval of gay marriage will come to pass although with a socialist government I might be wrong......It could be forced down their throats........
I know it would against your very nature, but you might want to look up a fact or two before speculating.  Only 26% of Spaniards object to same-sex marriage. Polls show support at between 65 and 70%. Among the young, it exceeds 80%.  Yeah and the poills were also against President Bush being re elected and we know what happened there don't we........
parliamentary monarchy   still socialists my friend..............
Why are Liberals so angry?
You mean, why are people who disagree with me so angry?   I love you too little man........... :)
I've never been to Spain, but I have been to Portugal. It is one of the few truly old-world countries in Europe left and is quite conservative--predominantly Catholic by far.  It's a neat place and the people there are very warm and 'laid-back.' They've managed to hold on to their cultural roots and hold off against American trendiness, wanton sexual advertising and lack of modesty, violence, and out-of-control capitalism more than many of the other countries in Europe. On the other extreme, Amsterdam is probably the worst in this regard.
That they are running like hell away from it should tell people something.  They're just swinging in a direction of liberal values right now, sort of like we did in the 90s. Countries and societies tend to swing back and forth between these ideologies.  And their embracing of other liberal values has been costly--in lives. They've been the target of terrorist attacks in the last year due to the laxing of national security on their part and not taking a hard enough line on terrorism.
Why do Neo-Cons always have to spread lies, conjecture, hearsay and hate? What kind of points do you think you're going to earn by siding with bullies?   Huh? emoticon_confused
Jyoshu, your understanding of the last several decades of Spanish history is somewhat lacking.  You're not exactly on target about Portugal either.   Portugal has had a form of civil union for several years now. It does not grant some rights, such as adoption, but already does more than any U.S. civil union in terms of inheritance, taxation, immigration, etc.  I'll be the first to tell you I don't know as much about Spain, but I didn't say anything that contradicts what you're saying about Portugal. I just said they were still quite conservative.  If anything, the fact that they can still BE conservative and give civil unions should tell you that you should re-evaluate some of your preconceived generalities about conservatism.   Give me a break!! "lack of modesty"? Oh come on now. Like every other European country, Portugal is not void of nude beaches, child sexual abuse scandals {http://www.propagandamatrix.com/121003portugalchildsex.html},  condom vending machines in public areas {http://www.portcult.com/Portugal.15.SEX_SEXUAL_HABITS.htm}, porn, and registered prostitution.  So, don't even try to tell us how prudent Portugal is, because that's just bull.  You and Bob just can't seem to contain yourself everytime I post, can you? It's becoming quite a pattern. You two should get together for tea sometime. emoticon_xangel   I never said Portugal was perfect, now did I? But I've been there and it's certainly a lot less flagrantly sexual in it's culture than the U.S.  Huh? emoticon_confused  Beware! You have encountered a gay rights liberal spin zone, where disagreement is always referred to as 'lying,' conservatism no matter what it's flavor is always called "neo-con," simple moral disagreement is referred to as "hate." :p
that`s because the US is largely founded on anglo-saxon tradition regarding sex and morality. It is very different from the more "continental" approach you`ll find in virtually every other european country.  I agree, it's definitely different. But many other European countries are moving away from that 'continental approach.' "Old-word" is not considered a good phrase for a country to be right now in Europe.
I think that "we" rather do it like they do it Germany or France...  Thank goodness we're not quite all the way there yet
You don't get into each other's space or affairs as a rule. Even smiling at a stranger on the bus will get some odd looks.  I did notice that in Portugal too, but I also noticed it at the other European countries I visit as well; I wonder if it's just part of the culture there. To be honest I found that aspect to be pretty stifling--there doesn't seem to be much for meeting people and acquaintances on the trains and so forth; everyone seemed very withdrawn. Almost like they were afraid to converse.  The places I've been in Africa on the other hand, were quite the other extreme.
They better not do that! I hail from Spain! Those are MY people turning gay! This isn't cool...  Actually, I strongly disagree with gay marriage anyway. It just isn't marriage. It is hypocritical and just plain disugusting. Marriage is ment to be between one man and one woman, and no other way. Some people claim to be Christian, then they go and commit this sin full of hypocricy by marrying someone of the same sex.  Homosexuality, in terms of sex, marriage and whatnot, is a sin. Now, homosexual LOVE isn't a sin. I have a male friend who is my friend, and I am in NO way attracted to him, because I am not gay, but I love the guy. That is homosexual love, but homosexuality does not mean GAY. Homo=Same Sex=Gender. You can love someone same gender as you, such as mother, father or close friends, and it is homosexual, but not GAY.  We need to stop this hypocricy before human civilization continues to defile itself by doing such things.
They better not do that! I hail from Spain! Those are MY people turning gay! This isn't cool...  Actually, I strongly disagree with gay marriage anyway. It just isn't marriage. It is hypocritical and just plain disugusting. Marriage is ment to be between one man and one woman, and no other way. Some people claim to be Christian, then they go and commit this sin full of hypocricy by marrying someone of the same sex.  Homosexuality, in terms of sex, marriage and whatnot, is a sin. Now, homosexual LOVE isn't a sin. I have a male friend who is my friend, and I am in NO way attracted to him, because I am not gay, but I love the guy. That is homosexual love, but homosexuality does not mean GAY. Homo=Same Sex=Gender. You can love someone same gender as you, such as mother, father or close friends, and it is homosexual, but not GAY.  We need to stop this hypocricy before human civilization continues to defile itself by doing such things.  Welcome to the forum!  I am in agreement with you on much of what you are saying. Marriage is indeed a 'straight thing', and gay groups have taken a wholesome institution and used it to validify their sexual vices. It's a shame that it's come to this.
Or perhaps you meant things like inheritance rights, SS survivors benefits, hospital visitation, immigration status, adoption, housing, employment, etc., etc., etc............................................................ I guess those are all "straight things" too?  No, everyone should have those regardless of marriage. You're the one here who seems to think straight and gay marriage should be a litmus test for those things.
AH!! But "marriage" IS the litmus test for those things. Creation of some 'seperate but [un]equal" test will not work.  Then I say the govt. should enact some way to give couples' or groups benefits without making marriage the litmus test.
And they should no longer recognize your "marriage" for that either.  If the govt. gave couples' or groups benefits to people who claim it regardless, why would it matter either way? My marriage is still marriage regardless of what the govt. does.
They better not do that! I hail from Spain! Those are MY people turning gay! This isn't cool...  Actually, I strongly disagree with gay marriage anyway. It just isn't marriage. It is hypocritical and just plain disugusting. Marriage is ment to be between one man and one woman, and no other way. Some people claim to be Christian, then they go and commit this sin full of hypocricy by marrying someone of the same sex.  Homosexuality, in terms of sex, marriage and whatnot, is a sin. Now, homosexual LOVE isn't a sin. I have a male friend who is my friend, and I am in NO way attracted to him, because I am not gay, but I love the guy. That is homosexual love, but homosexuality does not mean GAY. Homo=Same Sex=Gender. You can love someone same gender as you, such as mother, father or close friends, and it is homosexual, but not GAY.  We need to stop this hypocricy before human civilization continues to defile itself by doing such things.  Welcome to the forum my friend........Looking forward to your input.....Conservatives our heavily outnumbered here but we still try toi fight the good fight........ emoticon_xhoho   Oh and I don't believe Spain will ever approve gay marriage......
Welcome. Imagine, a homophobe from a Latin country. We needed one of you to round things out.  Boy Sinjin, that's some sincere welcome . . . emoticon_rolleyes
Welcome to the United States of America, where, if the people have anything to say about it, RELIGION DOES NOT MAKE UP THE LAW!   Not true Our laws were originally founded on the precepts of the 10 commandments........
There are ideals in this world that are better left alone.....lines that should not be crossed. Marriage is an ideal that does not need changing; doing so is crossing that line in the sand that was drawn there for a reason.
I beg to differ. If you read Mark 10:6-9, it explains that a man and woman are made for each other and if a man puts his wife away and marries another, it is adultry.  If this man was a preacher, it looks like he would show where the Bible says that a woman and woman should get married in order to condone same sex marriages.
In that case divorce should be made illegal. When you get married you promise to stay with that person for the rest of your life. In fact you do so before the presence of God. Therefore divorce should not be allowed. No....that is incorrect. Divorce has been around for centuries and was used in biblical times when a woman or man cheated on their spouse. Same sex marriage has never received any good stamp of approval in civilized societies.
I thought you had vowed never to post in this forum again. ????? I suppose with your views on divorce, your wedding vows have as much weight as your vow not to post here. I made a decision to come back and post here again Steve. In the introductions thread a few days ago I stated I was returning to these forums.
No....that is incorrect. Divorce has been around for centuries and was used in biblical times when a woman or man cheated on their spouse. Same sex marriage has never received any good stamp of approval in civilized societies. there is the problem the lack of civilized societies are well.. when you find one come tell me. emoticon_wow
What do you call the countries that offer same sex marriage....uncivilized? Sorry, you are wrong on this one. agreed, like i said before it depends on your ideals on what is "civalized" after that you can "try" and judge countries that offer same sex marriage as civilized or not... then again who are you to judge philosophies that have been around longer then you have taken breath on this earth?
But who are you to say it's not?
well granted that was the nicest way of calling someone brainless ive ever heard, that was one of the dumbest things ive heard if god just gave humans a brain and said ehre thing on your own i guess hitler might of thought the same way...good lord think before you speak my god man.
You know, if I were Bob, or Joe, or steve or Jax or any of the other Good men on this board, I would be insulted. But since I'm not them, nor am I a man in any way shape or form, nor do ever intend on becoming one, I am well and secure in the knowledge that your desperate attempt at counter insulting me simply didn't get the air under it you had hoped for. LOL!!!!! That was hilarious Justine! :p
Hmmm. Sounds like Iran.   Marriage is a idea that has been changed. Several times over to say the least. Seems you're relying on tradition.   seems like a 5000 year old tradition must have been completely wrong in your eyes. And you believe that all of mankind throughout history should adopt your ideal of marriage.
He then moved on to: "What makes a marriage?"  He brought up another interesting point. The usage of the word "marriage" originally didn't specify gender at all. It simply meant two adults committed to a life together. Very simplistic.  Look, Alzheimers case. This is the part of your post I was referring to. I didn't say anything about your community family idea. While you are out doing pro-active stuff for the gay community, you might ought to leave the Bible out of it, because the Bible does not condone homosexuals. It is covered in Leviticus 20:13.  Very simplistic.
The problem in that is that marriage indeed hasn't been a stagnent "tradition" in any age. Some were allowed to marry multiple wives, some were allowed to marry one but have several concubines. Families aren't made up of this "Ozzy and Herriette" One man, one woman and their children, idea. Many hands are involved in raising of children. We don't nullify parental rights because one spouce dies. We don't say that all those who have children must suddenly get married.   No, the "tradition" of marriage and/or family has NEVER been stagnent. It's ever changing, ever evolving.  there is one tradition we can all agree to and that is, marriage is and always was between man and woman! that cant be denied. nuff said.
And the backlash against activist judges in Mass. continues:  http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,157267,00.html   Saturday, May 21, 2005   AUSTIN, Texas - The Texas Senate (search) approved a proposed constitutional ban on same-sex marriage with a 21-8 vote Saturday, sending the issue to voters.  State law already prohibits same-sex marriages. If approved in a statewide vote in November, Texas (search) would join 14 states that statutorily and constitutionally ban same-sex marriage. Massachusetts is the only state that allows such marriages, although Vermont and Connecticut have approved same-sex civil unions.  Opponents have criticized the ban as discrimination against gays and lesbians and warn it could harm heterosexual families if domestic partner benefits, powers of attorney and common law marriage are called into question.  Sen. Todd Staples, R-Palestine, who sponsored the legislation in the Senate, said none of those scenarios would be affected and would not prevent same-sex couples from adopting children. The House has voted to ban gays from becoming foster parents, but that measure has received little support in the Senate.  Staples rejected arguments the amendment would discriminate against gays and lesbians and the estimated 43,000 same-sex couples in Texas.  Sen. Rodney Ellis, D-Houston, equated the amendment to Jim Crow-era laws that discriminated against blacks.  "At least they had the good sense to never write their bigotry into the state Constitution," said Ellis, who called the amendment "trash."  Staples said he is offended by accusations the amendment is anti-gay.  "There's a distinction between intimate associations and the right to have the government recognize or subsidize your arrangement," Staples said.
I see no mention below of any judges in Mass.    So???? Are we supposed to be surprised? Hardly emoticon_rolleyes   State constitutions and / or their amendments don't mean diddly squat if they are not in agreement with the US cconstitution.   We shall see won't we..........Let me give you a little advice when it comes to state amendments don't bet your house against it.........
VOR keeps serving them up and he keeps getting shot down.   You know VOR, because you flip flop so much, your new nickname is Mr.Kerry.  I haven't done this for a few days...........I love you too "Little Man."........ :)   Oh and i read somewhere on one of the threads you agreed with me on something.........Please don't do that because there is nothing in this world that I agree with you on...........Have a nice day my little friend..... :)
And the backlash against activist judges in Mass. continues:  http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,157267,00.html   Saturday, May 21, 2005   AUSTIN, Texas - The Texas Senate (search) approved a proposed constitutional ban on same-sex marriage with a 21-8 vote Saturday, sending the issue to voters.   What?? you mean they actually VOTED??? How dare they exercise democracy like that!   What's with those bigots anyway, actually having the gall to have a govt. by the people and for the people?? emoticon_rolleyes
What?? you mean they actually VOTED??? How dare they exercise democracy like that!   What's with those bigots anyway, actually having the gall to have a govt. by the people and for the people?? emoticon_rolleyes  Yeah, we don't need to vote, just let the liberal judges make law instead of interpreting it...........  That is why it is so imperative that President Bush get some straight constructionist judges on the bench that interpret the law and not try and make it............
Yeah, we don't need to vote, just let the liberal judges make law instead of interpreting it...........  That is why it is so imperative that President Bush get some straight constructionist judges on the bench that interpret the law and not try and make it............  Who's to say that anyone Bush might appoint wouldn't strike down a constitutional amendment that bans gay marriage? The justices are not to be the puppets of the legislature or the president. Don't forget Richard Nixon's appointment of Harry Blackmun.
Who's to say that anyone Bush might appoint wouldn't strike down a constitutional amendment that bans gay marriage? The justices are not to be the puppets of the legislature or the president. Don't forget Richard Nixon's appointment of Harry Blackmun.   Because the judges President Bush nominates are strict constructionist.They interpret the law not make it...........That is the worse nightmare for a liberal or a gay who depend on judges to over rule the vote of the people............  They can't win at the ballot box so they think they can win in the courts....  It won't happen.get use to it................
It is easy to look at such a vote and quote the slogan "a government by the people and for the people". But realistically, a government by the people is not necessarily a government for the people, in fact, it rarely is. Such government is only for the people if the majority votes in a fashion that is in the best interest of the people, which it generally does not. A system of government by the people (democracy) will rarely be for the people unless the power of the majority is checked. On the state level, it largely is not checked. A government by the people almost always creates tyranny of the majority if the majority's power is not held in check. Democracy may be the best form of government to protect liberty, but pure democracy, majority rule, will be the first to destroy it.   Well, respectfully I have to disagree with you (and I know you aren't surprised). I've thought this over pretty thoroughly and I believe that the will of the American people is ultimately a pretty good standard to what we should institute in this country when it comes to moral issues. After all, if enough of the public had not been behind them, civil rights for black people would never have come about, nor women's suffrage.  In my opinion, we don't give the American people nearly enough credit to assume they can't be trusted with issues like this. Maybe, just maybe, the reason that many American people think gay marriage is wrong is simply because it IS. But I can tell you that I believe strongly enough in the American system that if enough of the public get behind gay marriage and support it to the point where it becomes legal in all the states, I would accept that as what America wants. What I don't accept is judges (individuals) deciding these issues, even going so far as to go against the American people. That is a VERY dangerous precedent that is much more monarchial than anything.   As for Texas, it would take a miracle for this ban to be voted down by Texans. I wish I believed in miracles.  Yet it's interesting that quite a few states did this some time before Texas. They were a bit late to the game. People who dislike Bush tend to vilify Texas because that's where he's from, but in fact it's like many states in our country.
Like I have said before and will repeat one more time.........I think in the near future you will see almost every state with maybe the exception of Mass. have a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage...............  Its sad that it has to come to that but the militant gays and liberals and the radical judges give the states no choice.........
That said, no one will ever get everything he or she wants and it is not forbidden discrimination to deny the unqualified from admission to an institution as old as human society.  Yes, and really they aren't being denied anything other that couples' benefits (since marriage is considered by nature to be opposite-gender). They can still engage in the institution as old as human society (at least in a gay way) anytime they want. Although technically the only way to engage in the true institution that's old as time is to marry someone of the opposte-sex. But no one is stopping them from making life-long commitments to each other if they want.
 but you are wrong to think that a removal of slavery and equal rights for women would not have come about far sooner if our government had not established a dictatorship with George Washington as the leader.   Depends on the views of the dictator. That's the problem with dictatorships and judiciocracy--they put too much power in the hands of individuals.   It appears to me, that if slavery had been put up to a vote in Texas back before the civil war, and Texans voted to add an amendment to their state constitution legalizing slavery of blacks (which they would have), you could as simply say "Maybe, just maybe, the reason that many American people think slavery of blacks is right is simply because it IS."  Well, the slavery analogy for gay rights is past it's applicability at this point--one was a property issue (also rooted in deep prejudice), the other is a morality issue. Many people oppose gay marriage out of morality and NOT prejudice. The same can't be said for slavery. There are many ways that the analogy doesn't work and that's just one of them. In fact, it could as easily be an analogy to reverse it and say that the ones who did the enslaving were analogous to gay rights lobbyists and the abolitionists were analogous to those who seek to protect marriage. After all, the plantation owners were the ones really fighting for ill-conceived rights--rights that they shouldn't have had.   But to suggest that it is a good thing to allow the majority of Americans to vote on how many rights the minority gets is to ignore the reality of the tyranny of the majority.   The problem is that by assuming you are a legitimate minority being denied something you should have, you've jumped ahead of the American people. You're entire argument is based on a premise that is unfounded: that what gay people do is equivilent in nature and morality to real marriage. Marriage is a straight thing. And it rests on the unfounded premise that the majority is being tyrannical in this case. You're movement is trying to create a "C" when issues "A" and "B" are unresolved.  To hear you speak on monarchy, it sounds to me that you believe slavery, women's sufferage, segregation, or any past instance of tyranny of the majority was fixed by a majority vote of the people. But in reality, it was the national-level government officials and the judges who came to the aid of the minority, not the majority. And the majority disapproved of those decisions until they were replaced by a younger generation.  That's easy to say, but in reality NOTHING on a national level in this country happens without enough people getting behind it. Even if it takes awhile. How did those judges get there? Did those national-level officials just step into office? No, they were elected, because enough people liked their views. No matter how you slice it, ultimately the will of the people is what enacts national changes--or at least it SHOULD be that way. And if, by elections and other processes that the American people ultimately decide marriage in this country should be changed, then I will accept that. But it doesn't need to happen outside of the American people at the will of individuals on benches.  Our Constitution is designed to give ulitmate power to the people but to prevent them from making decisions themselves.  Everyone has their own view of WHY we have a constitution. There are really probably a number of reasons. It does NOT grant minorites the power to decide sweeping moral questions for the rest of America, or to fundametally change time-honored institutions. I once heard someone, when asked "who will protect us from the tyranny of the majority" reply, "and who will protect us from the tyranny of the minority?" Both are legitimate questions and I think the latter is the more pertinent in this debate.
Since when is Marriage now a "natural" state of being for humans? I think you're confusing marriage with procreation, as usual.   For those of us who don't let the sexual revolution determine our entire outlook on life, the union between a man and a woman IS natural. Procreation is beside the point.  Not to mention the fact that you are once again completely denying the fact that your precious "institution" is actually a whole lot older than your religious definition,  I don't care how old it is--the age of the institution is not being questioned here. I haven't even brought up 'religion' in this discussion with Jaxian.  not to mention it's been shown to you (by WMS...thank you) that indeed even the Catholic Church did infact "Marry" those of the same gender at one time in their history.   The only think he "showed" was evidence that at SOME point in SOME place or places, it might have happened. Big deal. If you think that amounts to much, then you are obviously deperate to make it say what you want it to say.  Make up your mind, one minute you're saying you back benefits for gay couples the next your rebutt your own statements. You really don't know what you want, let alone why.  Yep, I am for you getting whatever benefits you need. Just stop trying to screw around with the institution of marriage.
I am perplexed by the advice that we should follow the example of the women's movement. First of all, the ONLY right that women won by convincing the nation to amend the Constitution was the right to vote.  We already have the right to vote.  So you don't consider a woman's right to vote a civil right??? Interesting. emoticon_wow   MOST of the advances have been based on "activist" judges reading "citizen" in the Constitution as inclusive of women, ignoring the "obvious intent" of the writers to refer only to white males (amended with 14 to include black males -- thus causing half the Founding Fathers to spin in their graves at very high speed).  The Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Amendments were the most relevant and influential elements in civil rights--it seems the trend these days in your movement is to not use Acts and Amendments but instead to use the courts as a means to an end to avoid using an Act or Amendment. Probably because you know you have a snowball's chance in hell of getting one.
A win for the people against gay marriage in one of the most liberal states in the union.  http://today.reuters.com/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=domesticNews&st  By Jenny O'Mara  SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - California's Assembly on Thursday killed off a bill that would have allowed gay marriage in the nation's most populous state.  The measure, defeated in a third and final vote, mirrored a bill that also failed last year and proposed making marriage in California "gender-neutral" and a "personal relation arising out of a civil contract between two persons."
" . . . . The hardest thing is keeping the little ones' hopes up."[/I]  LOL; what a silly attempt to solicit sympathy and total load of BS. Like the "little ones" are really that interested in the political greed of gay activism. Heck, most kids don't have to be taught that gay relationships aren't normal--they have more sense sometimes than a lot of adults in this country.
It's just a matter of time before there are married gays in every state. Massachusetts will overturn their law saying that out of state gays can't get married, and the Constitution says that if you're married in one state, then every state must recognize it.   No it doesn't. The constitution never mentions marriage benefits at all.  Once people have married gay neighbors they'll realise that all the hoopla was just that  Have you not read the study done in Scandanavia where marriage pretty much went to the toilet when gay marriage became normal there? (http://www.weeklystandard.com/Content/Public/Articles/000/000/003/660zypwj.asp) When something sacred is watered down to the point where anything goes, it ceases to be a unique and as beautiful of an institution.
You people crack me up.........You cite this clause when it favors you but in 2000 in Bush V Gore when the U.S. Supreme Court ruled against Gore in 2000 using the same clause you cried like babies............   Pathetic!!!!!!
No one can predict the future but I feel confident in saying that you will never see Gay marriage recognized in the lifetime of anyone that posts to this forum and as long as this country is a God fearing nation and does not turn into Sodom.
Good News!  Keep it illegal
Silence Joe Bummer!
Back to being an *******, I see. Don't bother replying, you're on ignore now.  Good; if you're the type who puts people on ignore for something like that, i probably don't want to be interacting with you anyway.  So you gave us a story by Stanley Kutz. He works for Focus on Family and James dobson. How biased is that? Of course he is going to write such rubbish and twisted statistics.  What's with all the character assasination and damning by association? regardless of who he works for, he has still written an noteworthy article.
Not if you have read the reviews of his work which I posted earlier in this thread!!!! He is not crediable... Go back and read.  So?? The study that he pointed to and alerted the public to is still there. You can attack the messenger, turn out the light, shut the door, and bry your head in the sand--but the 10,000 lb elephant (the study he reported about) is still in the room.
Apparently not. The poster Justine responded to has won the "most posts per day" award for some months now... and this after only posting since last November. Can you say "obsessed"? I knew that you could. :)  I'd be more inclined to be concerned about anyone who would actually be actively keeping track of another's posting numbers . . . now THAT'S an obsession.
Not really, especially when checking a posters numbers takes about two to seven seconds (depending on your connection speed), but the amount of time taken to actually post as often as you do is must more!  emoticon_rolleyes  Since he's commented on it several times now, and seems to have me confused with someone else, maybe he's channeling a past life or something--who knows? Better yet, who cares? :p
I call tour obsession with Justine, unhealthy, and she probably should make the attempt to contact those who run this forum, so you would quit stalking her. That is totally creepy.  You're right, it's creepy, but it seems to be me he's "stalking." He's commented about the number of posts I've had numerous times. I don't know what his problem is. I may actually put this nutcase on ignore (even though the idea of an electronic "ignore" feature seems ridiculous to me).
You need to simply take a chill pill. Remember, just because you're not paranoid doesn't mean they aren't actually out to get you. :p  WHAT?? WHO'S OUT TO GET ME?? (Twilight Zone music playing in background)   :p
jyoshu;  Have you never actually noticed that at the header of each post it shows the exact number of posts by the author?  Have you never noticed that on your public profile it shows what your average daily number of posts are?   Since the day you joined: November 16, 2004 Total Posts: 1,787 (8.83 posts per day)  Hello!!!! It's right there on your public profile for everyone to see!   Get a grip.   That's fine, but the difference between you and him is that you aren't making an issue of it. Who cares how many times shows up in someone's posting count? It's not like he hasn't brought it up on several occassions now. What the heck does it matter to him?
I don't think anyone is going to be surprised if California passes such a measure. Considering it's practically the epicenter of the gay community with San Francisco and West hollywood, I assumed it already had gay marriage.
If gay marriage should be allowed, it is because (drum role): our society's current view of what love is is badly skewed and love can mean things that we as a whole have been too bigoted to accept.  This means that when there is love involved, the denial of the right of marriage is an injustice.  So men can marry men, and women can marry women.  What this also means: If a person and an object are in love, they should be allowed to marry. If a person and a monkey are in love, they should be allowed to marry. If boy A loves boy B, and boy B loves boy C, and boy C loves boy A, they should be allowed to work out their own triangular marriage. If twenty people are in love with each other, they should all be allowed to marry as one big group. Open gays and lesbians should be able to serve in our military. Age ought not play a part in marriage if love is truly involved. People truly in love with themselves should be able to marry themselves. Any number of, if not all of, the above should allow adoption  Are we prepared for that? Would it be good for society? Would it be right?
If gay marriage should be allowed, it is because (drum role): our society's current view of what love is is badly skewed and love can mean things that we as a whole have been too bigoted to accept.  This means that when there is love involved, the denial of the right of marriage is an injustice.  So men can marry men, and women can marry women.  What this also means: If a person and an object are in love, they should be allowed to marry. If a person and a monkey are in love, they should be allowed to marry. If boy A loves boy B, and boy B loves boy C, and boy C loves boy A, they should be allowed to work out their own triangular marriage. If twenty people are in love with each other, they should all be allowed to marry as one big group. Open gays and lesbians should be able to serve in our military. Age ought not play a part in marriage if love is truly involved. People truly in love with themselves should be able to marry themselves. Any number of, if not all of, the above should allow adoption  Are we prepared for that? Would it be good for society? Would it be right?  Excellent points my friend...........You are exactly right........ emoticon_xhoho
So, what are you saying? Your problem seems to be that love is involved in marriage. Should we remove love from marriage? How does one type of love, whatever it is, necessarily lead to a totally different, unrelated form of love? It doesn't. This is a slippery slope fallacy.  Who said anything about a different form of love?
You did when you talked about someone loving objects, or a mokey, etc.  You may be incapable of experiencing love outside that of person-person, but don't limit my rights just becuase your mind is closed.
I don't see what love has to do with it, no one is arguing that "loving" gay couples should be allowed to marry, its beside the point.  And why should they be allowed to marry?
The general gay-marriage argument resolves around securing an equality of rights for those with a different sexual preference  Assuming this to be true, all the cases I stated in my first post still hold, only now "sexual preference" replaces the requisite love.  Do you think society is ready for that? Would it be good?
You think so? You believe society is prepared enough for it to allow it to be good for them?
If I allow you to have your love and not my love, and let's say yours is a man loving a woman, why not let someone love a toaster? Is loving a toaster a good thing? How about loving an animal, is that a good thing? Do you think society is ready for someone loving a toaster or an animal? Why limit those rights, if I give you rights?  -----Exactly.
So are you saying we should ban heterosexual marriage? Well, do you think society is ready for that? There would be anger. Who would that anger be directed to? Would it not be those considered the anomalies (non-heterosexuals) that created the controversy?
Calm down.  Slippery slope? I merely posed a question.  So I'm assuming then that anger and possibly violence ought not to play a part in the decision-making?
 Your argument (ie "mere question") is exactly reminiscent of arguments attempted against interracial marriage. Just face it, it's been done to death. Quit beating that dead horse or someone will accuse you of beastiality. emoticon_rolleyes And if gay marriage is legalized, what's to stop people from using the same argument to legalize marrying animals? Or themselves? All they would need to say is "come on, everyone thought gay marriage would lead to the downfall of man, but it hasn't, and neither will legalized [insert marriage concept here]" Your argument is evidence of the gradual process you purport not to exist.
And if gay marriage is legalized, what's to stop people from using the same argument to legalize marrying animals? Or themselves? All they would need to say is "come on, everyone thought gay marriage would lead to the downfall of man, but it hasn't, and neither will legalized [insert marriage concept here]" Your argument is evidence of the gradual process you purport not to exist.  I still haven't seen an adequate rebuttal to this. Why can't people marry themselves if they are in love with themselves?  I must have missed your response.
People don't need to be in love to be married, although it certainly seems to help. Gay people don't need their love validated by the institution of marriage. What gays do want are the protections and responsibilities that straight families get from the legal recognition of their marriages.  I'd disagree with this. We put age limits on marriage and don't dismiss them for the reason of love.  Yes, but for better reasons than there being some special property of love that is essential for marriage. These reasons are better because they let us be liberal with regard to extending marriage to homosexuality through equivalence, but chauvinistic with regard to objects, relatives, animals, children, abstract concepts, and other things which are categorically excluded from the subject of marriage. Some people do argue that love is not necessary. You are one of them.  What you are forgetting is that everyone has the right to become married. Therefore, from a standpoint that does not involve love, no rights are being infringed upon by denying men to marry men and women to marry women, because all men can marry a woman and all women can marry a man, thereby obtaining the special privelages associated with marriage.
From Wickepedia: An ad hominem argument, also known as argumentum ad hominem (Latin, literally "argument [aimed] at the person", but usually translated as "argument to the man"), is a logical fallacy that involves replying to an argument or assertion by addressing the person presenting the argument or assertion rather than the argument itself or an argument pointing out an inconsistency between a view expressed by an individual and the remainder of his or her beliefs.  I took the time to follow the links you provided. Having scanned the posts I found no useful rebuttals against me. In addition, I would have expected one who has encountered my argument so many times to have become capable of quickly and efficiently refuting it.  Furthermore, invoking the "slippery slope" fallacy has no merit in what I am asking you to explain. I merely want you to tell me why it is I can't marry myself if I am in love with myself, but I particularly want to know why I can't if (as some say) love does not even have to be a part of it. Seems like an awfully good way to gain those special marriage benefits to me. And who can prove if I'm in love with me or not? And if love doesn't have to be a part of it...well then what's the problem?
Don't be coy.  You know as well as I do I was refering to your original post.  Obviously you can't seem to stick with any one arguement because you know how lame they actually are. Typical. Read carefully: From Wickepedia: An ad hominem argument, also known as argumentum ad hominem (Latin, literally "argument [aimed] at the person", but usually translated as "argument to the man"), is a logical fallacy that involves replying to an argument or assertion by addressing the person presenting the argument or assertion rather than the argument itself or an argument pointing out an inconsistency between a view expressed by an individual and the remainder of his or her beliefs.  I await your rebuttal to post #31, which must be mere routine for you.
Finally, I've seen fairly substantial rebuttals to much of what I posited, even if I don't agree with all of them.  So why can't people marry themselves?  So far I have one person ignoring the question, one person admitting gay marriage is part of a slippery slope, another saying people should be allowed to marry themselves, another arguing from a current legal standpoint (when we are discussing legal changes), and another saying the ability to marry a member of the opposite sex is a right.  So why isn't the ability to marry one's self a right?
That is the current pro gay-marriage definition and is used to encompass the definition of both "marriage" and "civil union."  The definition you'll hear from conservatives is more along the lines of: the state of being united to a person of the opposite sex as husband or wife in a consensual and contractual relationship recognized by law.  But as long as we are bending definitions around, why not alter it to include those who wish to marry themselves?
Sinjin, I don't see why there would be any recourse, as you would have consented to all violations of terms.  Jaxian, Thanks for taking the time to post a thoughtful response. However, there would be real benefits to marrying one's self. A few things you would gain are: child custody, crime victim's recovery benefits, insurance breaks, reduced rate memberships, access to military stores, and, in all fairness, you should get tax benefits.  This is in addition to the fact that you deserve to be able to express that very special love you have for yourself that can only be immediately understood by the word "marriage."
Of course you are correct. I have trouble thinking clearly in an absurd frame of reference. Absurd? Sounds a lot like what the South said during the movement to abolish slavery. Welcome to the 21st century, Sinjin. Try opening your bigoted mind to other people's needs, beliefs, and feelings. Those who are pushing for the right to marry ourselves are people, too.
Tax benefits do not come in that form, at least not that form alone. A married couple can choose to file their taxes jointly, or separately (as you mention). In this case, if we married ourselves we would file our taxes jointly, which would make us eligible for credits such as education and expenses associated with dependents (namely kids). It does not have to do with us claiming our significant other as a dependent. With regards to some of the others, like insurance, I'm not entirely sure about them and won't pretend to be. From what I understand, reduced rate memberships are any special reduced rates granted by anyone to a married person. It could be a gym that offers a discount on membership to married persons, a toddler store that offers a discount on products to those who are married, or a pub who offers half-off on drinks to married men.  As far as your "legal right to do nothing" argument goes, we are not doing nothing because we are allowing people who are in love with themselves the ability to express that love in a way that will be instantly recognized by everyone. To not allow this is to say that our love is somehow "inferior" to that of so-called "regularly" married people.  Furthermore, even assuming that there would be no economic (or otherwise) benefits to people who married themselves, who is to say this is right? Would it be right to allow gays to get married, and call it "marriage," but offer them no benefits?
It was one of zenodotus' parade of horribles once gay marriage became legally recognized ...  Of course he forgets that currently gay marriages are legally recognized in the US, albeit only in Massachusetts.  However, since Massachusetts has yet to secceed, by default, gay marriages are recognized within the US. Having had your rights trampled on for so long, I would expect to get a warmer reception from the gay-marriage crowd. I feel your pain! Other people's concept of love and marriage are being forced upon me!
Didn't you get the memo? The argument is part of my "parade of horribles" emoticon_wow Refer to post #53 to find out where it has currently progressed to.  Brother-in-pain, Zenodotus
Well, as long as we're cutting to the chase...  First, couples filing jointly do receive more benefits than those filing separately (I assume that is what you meant), because marriage is encouraged by our government; it is believed that that family unit is good for society. Hence this is one reason to get married.  You say self-marriage follows as equally from heterosexual marriage as it does same-sex. Consider this: if the definition of marriage is held fixed, so that it is defined as between two people, a man and a woman, it will be extended to neither self-marriage, nor same-sex. However, if the part of the definition containing man and woman is changed to "persons," it is shown that there is nothing protecting the definition of marriage. As a result, the number of people involved in marriage is also susceptible to change, as from two, to "some number of." Hence, gay marriage and self-marriage go hand in hand, because both are an equally plausible result should the other come about, and each means that the definition of marriage is subject to change. Both result from a claim of infringement of rights due to a perception of love, and neither self-marriage nor gay-marriage carry more weight than the other.  Why wouldn't a self-marriage be recognized by everyone? If I have a wedding ceremony, wear a ring, and sign the dotted lines, under the law I must be recognized as legally married. His wedding and wedding ring would be a proclamation of his commitment to his love for himself.  I agree, out law certainly does not teach that self-marriage is wrong, as long as it demonstrates that the definition of marriage is not fixed.  Your claim about same-sex partners being equally good for society as opposite-sex gives me nothing to go on but empty claims. Likewise, I claim that hetero couples make far better parents because they instill in their children a sense of decency, a lack of perversion, and demonstrate the love and trust that both sexes are capable of. This allows the child to grow up balanced and socially and morally adept. Can you disprove this?  You say that if there are benefits to self-marriages, we should grant them to anyone. But by this reasoning, I can also say that if there are benefits to marriage, or same-sex marriage, we should grant them to all single people as well, or perhaps simply to all unmarried couples.  But, since we continue to disagree, then I suppose our only option is to allow self-marriage as you say. Surely the damage by that would be very low. Or would it? A primary reason gays fight for same-sex marriage is for that "instantaneous" recognition of commitment that can only be understood by the word "marriage." Would the word "marriage" retain it's weight if it were diluted with concepts such as self-marriage?   Finally, I still do not understand why self-married people should not get equal benefits as everyone else. Why shouldn't a marriage, consisting of me being married to myself, get a set of tasty social benefits like everyone else? It's healthy for society to have people who are confident and believe in and love themselves. We need to encourage that type of behavior. And just because my sexual habits may only involve myself, this does not make me less moral than you. The reasoning that, because current law does not support self-marriage in an economic sense, does not make it right. Me and myself demand benefits akin to those that other couples receive.
Secondly, no-one's forcing their concepts of marriage on you. If you wish to see your marriage as superior or gays' as not acknowledged by your religion of choice that's fine. It's a simple matter of legal equity.  On the contrary, since much of society disagrees with you, and you are demanding society accepts your concept of marriage making it legal, you certainly ARE trying to force your concept of marriage on society.  Thirdly, marrying yourself, animals or inanimate objects would be meaningless in terms of the special legal relationship between two people found in marriage, as well as the consent issue. Polygamy would be more complex, but there's no fundamental principle against it.  The point is however, that all of these are examples of redefining or broadening what constitutes a marriage. You can act like same-sex marriage is different from these, but in the end it doesn't change the fact that from the standpoint of changing the norm, it's no different. By broadening the standard of marriage past the union between a man and woman, to whatever, it's being broadened. We might as well be instituting polygamy.
Gays do not fight for same-sex marriage so they can have "instantaneous recognition of commitment that can only be understood through the word marriage". They aren't looking for any recognition of marriage except the legal kind. They simply want the law to treat their relationships the same as they treat anyone else's.   I think you know full well that's not the case--gay people are indeed fighting for validity and recognition of marriage from a cultural standpoint. That's why gay marriage is so opposed--because of the cultural changes--the impact it has on the institution of marriage.  If gay people were only out for the "legal" benefit of marriage, their activists would be content with something like national civil unions that could address the legal issues, and would be more open to find ways to meeting those needs other than redefining marriage in this country to fit gay couples. You say the terminology ("marriage") isn't what's important, and to call it anything we want. But it's your movement who is insisting on the "m" word.  I also think you're incorrectly predicting negative consequences if any change to marriage is made. People will not suddenly interpret their commitment to their loved ones differently if same-sex marriage is legalized, nor even if self-marriage is legalized. It's just a word, and if that word no longer describes what you've got, then who cares about that word? Surely opposite-sex relationships are not so frail that the love and commitment involved in them is lost if the word that describes them also describes something else. Marriage is but a word; it doesn't make sense that your love or commitment will fade because you no longer value the word.  Indeed it wouldn't happen immediately, but one only needs to look at the situation in Scandanavia to see how marriage as an institution erodes when broadened to such a wide-open definition. When we allow any group that comes along who says 'I want MY kind of relationship to be a marriage too' to have their way, it waters the institution down every time.
Or inter-racial marriage. The norm isn't necessarily right, and that standpoint is meaningless to judge a decision by. And as I've said, polygamy would be far less clear legally than gay marriage.  Interracial marriage is an issue about racism, not marriage. Opponents of interracial marriage were racist, and that's why they opposed it, not because they wanted to protect marriage (which wasn't threatened as an institution). With interracial marriage, it was still men and women marrying, and therefore no change was bring sought to the fundamental standard of marriage.  Regarding your comment of polygamy--a polygamist could argue the EXACT same points you are arguing nearly verbatim. This is the problem with broadening marriage so--it opens the door to anything.
Protect marriage; Hmmmmmmmm.............from what ? Sky-rocketing divorce rates ? Spousal abuse ? From what ?  From being watered down or broadened to a meaningless institution
Wow this really blew up...  Although many people in the gay rights movement wish for people to accept their relationships, but they not fighting to write that recognition into law, they are fighting to be treated equally. I do not doubt that people will come to accept same-sex marriages to a greater degree if same-sex marriage is legalized, and this will happen because our laws will no longer teach that opposite-sex marriage should be elevated above same-sex marriage.  In what way would our laws be teaching that a civil union is worse than a marriage, if both afforded the exact same legal rights? The law would not be teaching that one is better, only that they are different. And to argue that a women marrying a man and a man marrying a man are the same thing is purely incorrect from any logical standpoint (a square is not a circle). This makes it quite obvious, then, that gays are in fact arguing for the recognition that comes with the word "marriage" (that is associated with the straight populace, as they do not want people to associate them with their own lifestyles, which I personally find to be the most ironic and humorous part of all).    Activists are out for the legal benefit of marriage, but that benefit includes an impartial view of the morality of same-sex and opposite-sex marriage under the law. So long as the law gives opposite-sex marriage some special or even different title than same-sex marriage, that law is implying that the majority lifestyle or religion is somehow superior to the minority one. We don't give Christianity "freedom of religion" and Buddism "liberty of the church", and neither should we create some special right or institution to grant same-sex couples some different right under the law.  Here you are begging the question. The reason Christianity and Buddhism both have the protection of "freedom of religion" is because both are under the larger tenant of religion. As I stated above, gay marriage and marriage are not the same thing. To say that they should both fall under the tenant "marriage" assumes first that the definition of marriage ought to include both.   Just as you question the intentions of supporters of same-sex marriage, I question the intentions of opponents. If opponents of same-sex marriage were truly concerned with the equality, happiness, or wellbeing of same-sex couples, they would not try to refuse those people access to the same institutions and legal rights that they give themselves.  First, no one is being denied the right to marry. Any man and any woman can get married. If gay-marriage was allowed, then any man would have the right to be "gay married" to any man, and the same for women.  These points are, for the most part, trivial. The larger argument you still have not shown me:  It cannot be denied that there are major economic (and other) incentives to getting married. You have stated several times that this is what gays fight for. You have also argued that a self-marriage would gain no economic incentives for the person under current law. Is it your belief that the law should promote one type of marriage but not the other? To do so is to say that your concept of love and marriage are better than mine. This is not equal treatment.  At this point you will probably argue that the law treats everyone the same, it is just that I can't enjoy those benefits because of the way I fall into them (technically speaking). However, I could counter this by pointing out that the law treats everyone the same in terms of gay/straight marriage, as well, because any man can get married to any woman at any time and obtain those exact same benefits. You see, the argument that "the current law, applied to everyone, treats everyone fairly" cannot be applied one way and ignored the other.  And to take it a step further, I can always argue that you are simply too bigoted to understand how it feels to experience a deep sense of love for yourself, that special joy where your heart skips a beat every time you look into the mirror. No. You cannot understand what it is like to be held down, to be given no incentives to marry one's self while others gain plenty. The country demonstrates unfair treatment by harboring laws written in such a way that do nothing for me, but so much for people with other concepts of marriage.
Well, no, it will change the definition of one man and one women to two persons. Changing the defintion to two persons, will not prevent the changing of the definition from one man and one woman to two persons. It will prevent that "fixing", as you call it of marriage definition. However, it does not prevent any other fixing of marriage definition, such as marriage to someone other than one's self.  Marriage has never been "fixed" as one thing. It once meant polygamy, but was fixed only to one man and one woman. It once applied only to certain religious groups, but was fixed to apply to other religions or mixed religious couples or to those non-religious. It was once fixed to people of the same race, but was changed to allow inter-racial couples. It was once a union for life, without legal divorce, but was changed again. "Fixed" marriage has never existed. It is always changing to reflect the society that constructs its definition. Now, it is changing in another different way, towards being two persons. Marriage, and other rights should never apply to only one dominant social group, whatever that social group is. That's what I meant earlier, when I said the debate had hints of a one dominant master-race type of theory.  I believe that answers the rest of your post, as well. I believe in the progress of man (and woman, to be politically correct). To state that "it was once such-in-such a way" means nothing to me. We were once violent nomadic tribes. We once believed the world was flat. We once engaged in poop fights on a semi-regular basis. This justification means nothing but that things were once different, and is no shred of evidence that they ought to change now.
I thought I made it clear that I want to be able to marry myself.
As though we heteros haven't done that already ? LOL, LOL ! emoticon_rolleyes  At least we've kept one of it's fundamentals--we've kept it between a man and a woman.  ]That a person would feel their marriage "demeaned" or "diluted" because somewhere out there gay people are tying the knot says volumes about that person, and nothing about gays.  It certainly does speak volumes--it speaks that that person cares about what marriage is and doesn't just view it as a gravy train from the govt. I have a lot more respect for anyone who cares enough about the institution of marriage to not want to see it broadened into meaninglessness than every little group that comes along demanding everybody change their view of the institution to fit their particular relationship arrangement.  It's not "their" or "my" marriages that we're talking about by the way--but the institution of marriage.   Same-sex marriage is an issue about anti-gay discrimination, not marriage.  Most people that oppose you redefining marriage are doing it to protect the institution, not because they hate you. That's mostly been YOUR construct all along, though I'm sure the constant accusation works well in some cases to generate sympathy for your cause.  Gay people already have marriages. Whether or not straight people recognize it is irrelevent. The issue here is government recognition. And the refusal to recognize our relationships without some logical or at least legal justification is unconstitutional discrimination. Other people's sanctimonious outrage over the word is irrelevent, since their legal recognition is not affected in anyway.  Bull--you know good and well the deeper reason for your movement is a push for validity and for society to accept homosexuality. People can see right through it. If govt. recognition were all you wanted, you wouldn't be so hung up over whether or not the benefits the govt. gives you is called marriage or not.  Regarding those of you who seem to think this is an issue about the meaning of a 'word' changing, if it's just a word to you, it's funny that you seem so awfully concerned about it that you'd spend literally years of your lives lobbying for it. As you know, marriage is more than just a term or word. On one hand you all say it's about the benefits and govt. recognition, then when someone raises the idea of giving you the benefits you need and even legalizing it, you whine because it's not called a "marriage." At least stop speaking out both sides of your mouth as a movement.  Your marriage to yourself doesn't need legal recognition as it has no legal impact.  It's obvious that the point he's making is that we're always going to be able to take the benefits of govt. and find someone or some group who's not getting them, and argue it's not fair. There certainly ARE some benefits that married people have that single people could benefit from.   If we invented marriage now on rational grounds, it would include gay marriage. It would not include the others you offer as they are meaningless legally in terms of property law etc.  If you really want to make a discrimination-free form of marriage, you're going to have to find a way to make sure every possible relationship arrangement is covered--from incestous ones, to polygamous ones, to same-gender ones, etc. Oh and those people such as Zenodotus who point out that it's unfair that single people not get some of those benefits if they don't want to marry someone.
Keeping it between a man and a woman is meaningless when we have 50% divorce rates, latch-key children, and children who are used in the midst of a fight for custodial rights, and fathers/mothers unwilling to pay supprot for the child.  That's some value we have placed on heterosexual marriages. :)  Those issues have nothing to do with the fact that marriage is heterosexual. If we instituted gay marriage, those sort of problems would no doubt linger and would be evident in some gay marriages too. The issue of gender when it comes to marriage is a matter of it's fundamental nature and definition. It has nothing to do with problems related to fidelity, loyalty, parenting, etc.
Oh puhleeeeze; I know couples who have been together for years, they've raised and provided for a higher education for their children. They lead spiritual lives, they volunteer for war, they work for the government . . .   That's why I said it's a different issue than issues such as fidelity and good or bad parenting. Heck, a man who was wanted by the police for crime could still do a good job of parenting and be a loyal spouse. That's beside the point.   . . . and you want to deny them " Equal protection under the law", which is promised to every American under the 14th Amendment ? I think the courts are better equiped to answer those questions, than you are.  Gay people DO have equal protection, because they have the same right to marry an opposite-sex person as anyone. Marriage IS opposite sex. When gay people get together, have a ceremony, it may be a gay union, but it's not marriage in the fundamental sense. But you are right that everyone should have equal protection, so gay people should continue to have access to marriage (from the standpoint that it's an opposite-sex institution of course). But they should also be afforded benefits for their unions as well, whether that be called civil unions or some other things specifically for gay or non-heterosexual unions.
You happen to be that loud vocal minority, who would rather have a man wanted by the police, a possible felon, in a hetero marriage. Go figure emoticon_rolleyes  Why do you keep trying to intermingle outside red herrings with the issue of gay marriage? It's not a matter of wanting felons over gay people. A person's criminal record is not an issue here. Felons marrying and people having fidelity and parenting issues are certainly problems in many cases perhaps, but that's another debate than this one. Those issues aren't related at all to heterosexuality or homosexuality.
Incestuous relationships are illegal, and there are logical reasons as to why they should remain so.   Yeah, they said that about gay marriages too.  Polygamous relationships are illegal, and while there are reasons that SOME should remain so, it is incumbent upon those who would support polygamous marriages to make their own case.  The point is, if you want marriage to be truly discrimination-free, then it's going to have to be changed to include every possible reason someone might come along wanting their partcular romantic arrangement to be called a marriage. Essentially you are saying "polygamy is their problem, I just want gay marriage." But other times you all use the discrimination issue as an argument. Well, marriage is natually discriminatory--if you want that to change then I would think you would be fighting for either an end to marriage benefits altogether or a means to extend to everyone regardless of their marriage (or lack of marriage) arrangement. Otherwise you really don't care about whether its discriminatory or not, as long as you get yours. emoticon_rolleyes
Polgamy is against the law, living your life as a Lesbian is not.   Gay relationships were once against the law too.   Polygamy makes a good analogy for gay relationships because most of the same arguments for one can apply to the other.
I don't mean to say that same-sex marriage isn't different from opposite-sex marriage. They are different in one and only one way: a same-sex marriage involves two people of the same sex instead of two people of the opposite-sex. Yet this difference in no way implies that we should create an entirely new set of rights to accomplish exactly the same thing.  Why is this difference not great enough? It is a fundamental part of marriage.  Imagine if we create different names for the same right in other situations. What if we said, "white people get the right to vote, but black people get the right of civil ballot-casting", or even worse, what if we said, "everyone gets the right of civil ballot-casting, but only white people get the right to vote". Black people would be outraged at such a change to our laws, and rightfully so. Though you surely cannot deny that black people are different from white people in skin color, that difference doesn't mean we need to create a different set of rights for black people. What if we gave men "freedom of speech" and women "civil words"? What if we called Christianity a "religion" but Buddhism a "civil belief". By giving different groups of people rights by a different name, we are accomplishing nothing but teaching people that one group is not only different in specifics, but also of different worth.  Again, you beg the question. Black voters and white voters both fall under the label "voters." Christianity and Buddhism both fall under the label "religion." However, in order to compare these in a logical analogy to gay marriage and marriage, you first must prove that gay marriage and marriage should both fall under the word "marriage." In order to do this, you must prove to me the question I ask above: how is the difference not fundamental?  And I mean, think about it. Why do you want to keep marriage only for straight people? How do you justify denying people the same benefits you recieve unless they agree to take them by a different name? Don't you really believe that our laws teach people something. Perhaps, for example, you believe that allowing same-sex couples to engage in marriage will bring us closer to allowing marriage to accomodate "bad" relationships such as polygamy or incest or single-person marriage. But if that is the case, then you believe inherently that same-sex marriage is "worse" than opposite-sex marriage, that it is somehow closer to polygamy and incest and single-person marriage. In truth, it is not, and our law shouldn't be teaching people that it is. Why would I believe same-sex marriage is worse than hetero? I don't believe automobiles are the same thing as airplanes, but that doesn't mean I think they should have the same name.  Now, I should also mention that even if civil unions have the same set of benefits under the law, there is no reason to believe that they would stay the same. Any legislature could grant additional benefits to marriage with as much ease as it takes to leave off the words "and civil unions". A governor could line item veto the benefits to civil unions on a bill passed by the legislature granting benefits to both marriage and civil unions. Seperate institutions will not retain the same legal rights.  I think you know why this is a bad argument: it has nothing to do with the goal of this debate, which is to discover the truth about what the correct solution to our differences is. If the correct solution is more susceptible to change, then fixing that susceptibility is part of a different debate altogether.  I was not begging the question there because I was not attempting to prove that same-sex relationships fall under the category of "marriage", nor do I care whether they do. What I do care about is that we have two groups of people who both deserve the same benefits. When this is the case, we are morally wrong to grant one of those groups the same benefits under a different name. My analogy to religion showed that if we give the same benefits to two groups of people under different names, we have done something with the intention of promoting one of those groups above the next. The name of the institution given to both same-sex and opposite-sex couples is of no concern to me; I do not care whether it is an accurate description; it's just a name of the institution. Instead of marriage, call it "candy canes" if you want. I don't care whether "candy canes" accurately describes a couple; that is just the name of the institution, the name of those legal rights.  You talk a lot, but you still have not articulated why people would judge one institution "better" than the other, instead of simply judging them as being not the same thing.  You're theoretically right about that, however this statement completely ignores the reality of the situation. In truth, straight people are the ones who are going to use the marriage we allow, while gay people are not. The restrictions we have created around marriage are designed in such a fashion that in order for a gay person to use it, he's got to stop being gay. If we legalized same-sex marriage, it would be the gay people who used that right, not the straight people. Although it is technically true that "everyone is denied same-sex marriage", the reality of the situation is that only gay people are denied it because they are the only ones who would ever actually use it.  So tell me this: what if there is some person or number of people in this country who would feel that their marriage has been incredibly devalued and bastardized by the use of the word "marriage" to define gay marriages. Isn't this an infringement of their rights? I know what you are going to say: they should know the value of their marriage, and only they can determine that, and should not care what other people think etc etc. Ok, got it. So what if murder was legalized tomorrow? Clearly the only people who would benefit from this legalization would be murderers. And if they ran around killing people? Well, I don't think the people killed should really care. They should know the value of their life, and it shouldn't really matter to them what people think about it, whether they are dead or alive. As long as they believe their lives still have equal worth, then no harm has really been done. Right? Or what if theft was legalized? The only people to benefit would be thieves. So if they started taking everyone's things, the people losing their things shouldn't really care, because after all if my stuff got taken from me, I would still know the value of myself. Deep down I would know that the stuff was still really mine. And I would know silly things like stuff has nothing to do with anything, its just what I think in my head.  Now you are probably thinking: but it's like when blacks got the right to vote! I could argue the "devalue" argument about that (and other things), too! But you can't. Why? Because when blacks, for example, gained the right to vote, the definition of the word "vote" did not have to change with it. Hence if a white was to determine what he was doing when "voting" from a strictly definitive standpoint before the change was made, and then again after, he would find no difference. So there was no value change (increase, decrease, or just plain different) in his "voting" because his "voting" was the exact same.  You are incorrect. We should be giving single people as much benefits as makes sense to treat them and their lifestyle adequately. But that does not mean that we should not also allow anyone who wants it to add an unrelated person that they love as a new member of their family and allow the law to treat them as a family. Your argument against same-sex marriage is NOT "it doesn't make rational sense to give same-sex couples the same benefits that I have", it is "if they want those benefits, they can just marry someone different". And that does not accomodate their lifestyle nor their beliefs, and that is not fair. I do not ask a person who marries himself to "marry someone else if he wants benefits", I try to accomodate his lifestyle as best I can. But your solution to the same-sex marriage problem is "we just won't give them the same benefits that we give ourselves, and if they want them, they can be like us". That is unfair no matter how you cut it.  But the lifestyle of the self-married is very difficult. You don't understand how emotionally stressful it is to have your spouse agree with you about every little thing, to never be willing to go get anything for you or do you a favor unless you are right there with them... I mean the sex is great, and I really love myself, I really do, but you just don't understand how difficult it can be. So, because I have been challenged with this love I have for myself, I believe I should be accommodated with a sum of money that will help to bring my quality of life up to the same level as a married person. I know you can't understand how hard it is, being self-married, totally and uncontrollably in love with yourself, but trust me it's a very tough life. And it's genetic, I didn't choose to be in love with myself, so I really should to be accommodated with monetary benefits.
The comparison of gay marriage to voting is tenuous when one realizes that voting has been a constitutional gurantee specifically stated from early on. Yet I would challenge anyone here to find in the constitution where marriage benefits are even mentioned.  3 points:  - The constitution specifically points out voting as a right, but never specifically points out marriage. The constitution never specifically states marriage as a right the way it does voting. IOW, there is FAR more constitutional backing for voting than there ever has been for marriage benefits from the govt.  - The debate over gay marriage is really a debate over benefits that married people have over single people. As we've discussed before, marriage benefits were not around (or at least were very limited) when the constitution was written. Voting however, is not a benefit (like marriage benefits) but a right specifically allowed by the constitution such as freedom of press or freedom to own property. Comparing marriage benefits from the govt. to these constitutionally-specified bedrocks of rights is a poor analogy.  - Also, every group that has been given voting rights were given those rights by constitutional amendment, not by the judiciary. Yet no amendment is on the table to guarantee marriage benefits as a right, either to straights or gays. If gay people want it to be guaranteed that marriage can be defined to include them, they need to be trying to get an amendment through, the way civil rights issues such as these have been historically handled.
Why should there be an amendment for marriage, when all Americans have "Equal protection under the law." All that is left is for the courts to interpret it.   As has already been poined out here, if the 14th amendment were meant as a one-size-fits-all all-inclusive amendment for civil rights as you seem to think, there would have been no need to put the 19th Amendment into the constitution. The could have jsut called it an 'equal protection' issue and left it for the courts to interpret it.
Civics lesson 101 is getting ready to start.   Here's clue; every amendment is drawn-up to protect the rights of ALL Americans. Now, repeat that several times to yourself.  Looks like you completely missed the point. Oh well
We do not give people who behave, believe, or live different a different set of rights under the law, and the requirement that marriage be between two individuals of the opposite-sex should not be a fundamental part of marriage. There is absolutely no reason for it to be except to deny same-sex couples access to marriage, which we have no reason to do. Opposite-sexes is a fundamental part of marriage, but my argument is that we should change that fundamental part of marriage because doing so doesn't affect most people, but helps a few dramatically, because doing so promotes equality by removing a restriction on marriage, because doing so promotes freedom. Simply saying "we shouldn't give women the right to vote because being male is a fundamental part of being a voter" does not mean that this fundamental part of being a voter isn't morally evil.  Changing these fundamental parts of marriage does affect most people; in fact it affects every person who is married. You do not seem to understand that the law should not have the power to redefine words, specifically those it did no create. "Marriage" is an idea created not by the political minds of our country, but by religious leaders over time. Should we be able to make a law saying that confession shall be administered by anyone? That a bar mitzvah shall be the coming of age that occurs at 16? That a last rite is something that shall be administered two days after death?  Black and white voters both fall under the label "voters" today. Christianity and Buddhism both fall under the label "religion" today. But you are forgetting a time when there were only white, male voters and you are forgetting a time when there was only one religion. And one could certainly argue that there are fundamental differences between males and females or Christianity and Buddhism. But it does not matter whether there are fundamental differences; we should not give each religion a different set of rights under the law, and we should not give men and women a different set of rights under the law.  The only way to make this analogy fit is to say: what does one do to become married? Well, let's apply this to voting. What does one do to become a voter? One places a vote. So, even if voting were illegal for blacks, if he placed a vote, he would still be a voter. He would be breaking the law, but he would still be a voter. What about marriage? Well, to become married, one weds a member of the opposite sex. If one weds a member of the same sex, one is not married. Understand the question-begging yet?  Yet we aren't debating a name here, and that is where I think you are failing to understand what you are arguing in support of. We are debating access to a legal institution.  Wrong. We are debating the power of the government to redefine words and institutions it did not create.  If I had not made it clear, let me attempt to do so now. We do not give two different groups of people a different set of rights that accomplish the same thing under the law in any other situation ever; there are no exceptions. We give black people exactly the same rights as white people in every situation, yet you have no trouble distinguishing between the two. We give Christians exactly the same rights as Buddhists in every situation, yet you have no trouble distinguishing between the two. I can say the same thing about men and women, blondes and brunettes, orange-juice-drinkers and milk-drinkers, home owners and apartment owners, etc. Yet you have no trouble understanding that any of those groups of people are not the same thing.   And oddly enough, in making these religious institutions equal under the law, we did not have to redefine any of their central tenants.  So what does it mean when we do give different groups of people different rights to accomplish the same thing? It promotes the idea that they are different, yes, but it promotes the idea that they are completely different.  Wrong. It promotes the idea that they are different, yes, but it also promotes the idea that central tenants of a religious faith are not subject to government redefinition.  Surely you know that marriage has a meaning in our society. If we give same-sex couples civil unions, then civil unions will have a meaning too, and civil unions will never be judged equal to marriage on a moral or social level because those who engage in civil unions will be the minority. If we called them something different than "marriage" and "civil unions", then the majority institution would again be thought of more highly. The minority would not have an equal chance to promote their own beliefs, to prove their own worth.  To promote their own beliefs? I was under the impression that the "belief" of homosexuality was genetic, not a decision. Is there some hidden agenda I was not aware of? And it's funny how gays always mock the institution of marriage, with its high divorce rates etc etc. You can see these comments made several times on this thread already. It doesn't seem to me that many gays hold it with much meaning. If gays are so much more committed, why not create civil unions and let them prove that they are more committed with lower divorce rates, less cheating, etc.? Then maybe civil unions would become the "hip" thing and marriage would become a minority. emoticon_wow   But along with the genetic line of thought. You argue that our laws never differentiate between people, that they always treat everyone the same. Well, what about those born mentally retarded? They receive certain disability benefits that the majority does not. They go through different educational systems, have different transportation needs, parking spaces, et. al. If homosexuality is genetic, what is the problem with creating laws that treat these people similarly to those born with a disability? I don't believe that a mentally retarded person is any worse than me, but I do believe that they have special needs and that the law treats them differently than me for a reason. Likewise, why would I believe a gay person is worse than me? I don't have to believe that to understand that they need their own special systems. Civil unions are one such system that they can use to help fulfill their need for commitment.   In direct answer to your question, no it is not an infringement of someone's rights to do something which makes them unhappy. A right is something that a person is able to do, and a political right is something which the law allows someone to do. Government will take away some of our rights, such as the right to murder other people, but it does that in hopes of protecting most of our rights. Keeping this in mind, you should understand that by doing something which makes a person feel bad, we are not infringing on anyone's rights. That person who feels bad is still able to do all of the things he was able to do in the past, and he is still allowed to interpret them as he sees fit.  You do not understand: his rights are being infringed because the government is redefining a central tenant of his religious beliefs for him.  Now don't get me wrong: I'd sure hate to devalue someone's marriage, and I'm sure someone people will think their marriage is devalued. In the same fashion, I'm sure that if I gave white people special marriage rights under the law and taught everyone that white people are superior, they would come to see their own marriages as more special than everyone else's. This would happen because I've elevated them above everyone else. Then when I tried to restore equality, those white people would start to see their relationships as devalued. How could they not? Their relationships had been placed on a pedastal above everyone else for hundreds of years. But by restoring equality to everyone, I am doing the right thing. Even though whites might be the majority, we are morally wrong to elevate them above everyone else, and when we realize this problem, we've got to restore equality, even if that means hurting some feelings. I am sorry to those who feel their marriage is devalued by allowing same-sex couples to marry, but they are no more justified in denying marriage to same-sex couples than a white person would be in denying marriage to black couples, even if it hurt that white person's feelings.  This is more question begging...hopefully you understand this by now...  The definition of the word "vote" did not have to change, but the definition of the word "voter" did. There is no reason to believe that any definition of a word that we use is a moral definition, and we're not talking about words here anyway, we're talking about legal institutions.  But I think you have said exactly what my point is: "Hence if a heterosexual was to determine what he was doing when "marrying" from a strictly definitive standpoint before the change was made, and then again after, he would find no difference. So there was no value change (increase, decrease, or just plain different) in his "marrying" because his "marrying" was the exact same." Although a heterosexual might "feel" that his marriage is changed or of lesser value, same-sex marriage will in fact bring no change in any shape or form to heterosexual marriage.  Yes, his heterosexual marriage has changed in more than just a feeling. If he were now to look up the definition of what he had just done, "marriage," he would find that he had married a "person," and not a "woman." The change is undeniable.   You are not showing any correlation between my arguments and the arguments of a person who wishes to marry himself. It matters neither whether you choose to be in love with yourself, nor whether your relationship is emotionally stressful, just as it does not matter whether homosexuality is a choice nor whether it is emotionally stressful. The person who marries himself deserves the same treatment as anyone else, and that means he should not recieve a sum of money which is not granted to anyone else.  You said: "We should be giving single people as much benefits as makes sense to treat them and their lifestyle adequately....your solution to the same-sex marriage problem is "we just won't give them the same benefits that we give ourselves, and if they want them, they can be like us". That is unfair no matter how you cut it."  I said: "But the lifestyle of the self-married is very difficult. You don't understand how emotionally stressful it is to have your spouse agree with you about every little thing, to never be willing to go get anything for you or do you a favor unless you are right there with them... I mean the sex is great, and I really love myself, I really do, but you just don't understand how difficult it can be. So, because I have been challenged with this love I have for myself, I believe I should be accommodated with a sum of money that will help to bring my quality of life up to the same level as a married person. I know you can't understand how hard it is, being self-married, totally and uncontrollably in love with yourself, but trust me it's a very tough life. And it's genetic, I didn't choose to be in love with myself, so I really should to be accommodated with monetary benefits."  So, my argument was that the lifestyle of the self-married is very difficult, so it "makes sense" to give them "adequate" benefits. Just like we spend more tax dollars on the handicapped than we do those who are not, we ought to spend more money on those who are in love with themselves. Their problem is genetic, too, so they can't help it. And your last statement: "your solution to the same-sex marriage problem is "we just won't give them the same benefits that we give ourselves, and if they want them, they can be like us". That is unfair no matter how you cut it." This supports this theory, after all you accept that self-married cannot obtain the benefits of marriage, so by your logic, expecting them to "be like us" if they want the benefits, is "unfair no matter how you cut it."
No, marriage doesn't exist without government involvement. It is not just religious. Certain religions, the religions which don't perform and recognize gay marriages, do not have sole ownership of that word.  Marriage, religious or simply cultural, has been around a lot longer than govt. recognition of marriage. Marriage is between two people, and the govt. recognizes it. The idea that there is a govt. institution called marriage is simply absurd--all the govt.'s role amounts to is a recognition of what's there, and using it as a criteria to give some benefits. And marriage outside of the govt.'s role is not only "religious;" I'm sure there have been many couples in history that have gotten married who weren't religious and didn't have a religious-styled ceremony, yet who also didn't have govt. recognition of their marriage.   This isn't about genes. Being gay is not to be disabled. There is no disability that would prevent them from performing in the institution of marriage, the same way heterosexuals perfomr in it.  But you don't "perform in it" the same way as heterosexuals--heterosexuals carry on opposite-sex relationships. From the governmental standpoint, disability as well as social security is a good example, because they are both cases where the govt. uses certain criteria to give benefits to certain people. Marriage is also such a case.  Yep. The agenda is equality. It doesn't matter if it is genetic or not. Something can be non-genetic, and still not be a conscious decision.  The agenda of the gay pride movement is to uiltimately gain validity for homosexuality--not so much recognition of marriage. That is blatantly obvious.   Just objecting to the nonsense that we, as gays, as partners of the same sex, are such a threat to it. Divorce would seem to be the greatest threat.  Divorce is indeed a threat, as are many things. I think you'll find many conservatives who don't like divorce as well.  Why would you need couples benefits if you are just one person? It may be unfair that you can't get benefits for loving yourself, or just can't get benefits, period. However, this is a whole other debate. It doesn't mean we shouldn't or won't give benefits to same-sex couples or to different-sex couples, or to other types of couples.  Maybe he's a person who want's the couple's benefits with someone else but doesn't want to get married to do it. EIther way, they could make the same arguments you are making. You are not arguing for equality at all, but simply for gays to have marriage benefits too (which is really just a push for validity for homosexuality by your movement). If you were truly arguing for EQUALITY in marriage benenfits, you would have to redefine marriage to include every possibly arrangement anyone could ever bring to the table--same-sex marriage included.  Ah, but it's legal recognition is something dreamed up by our founding fathers.  Err . . . no. The govt. didn't grant marriage benefits in the late 1700s. In fact marriage was still quite a patriarchal matter at that time. If the founding fathers had "dreamed up" legal recogntion for marriage, they would have made it so, but they didn't. Since they didn't, we don't know WHAT they dreamed up other than what was put in place.
I could keep this pendulum swinging, but I don't see it coming to a halt any time soon. I acknowledge your above points, even though I don't agree with them. I now want to try to bring this debate back. The direct debate over the right for gays to get married has been done many times, and it just isn't going to stop going back and forth between us. So I am going to continue with a far more interesting, less predictable discussion...  The argument over self-marriage is far from being removed from the debate over same-sex marriage. If you really don't understand why, then I will explain when we come to some consensus regarding what we will do about it.   I am deeply in love with myself, through no choice of my own. This love causes me to not function well in society, because I am constantly getting into arguments with myself, and then going through this long and drawn out apology, which I can't put off 'till later or I will get angry at myself and things will get even worse. This usually takes most of my attention off of things like driving, working, and talking to people. There is no way for me to escape my lover, so I can't get away from it...Sometime I wish I didn't love myself so much, but there is nothing I can do about it...I often just look myself in the eyes, and I know it was meant to be...you know? It makes life very difficult, and makes it impossible for me to do well in college or get a good job. If I am willing to marry myself, and proclaim this love to the world, gladly giving up the ability to marry someone else, why shouldn't I get monetary benefits? Don't you understand how difficult my life is? How hard it is to make ends meet, get a good job and put food on the table, much less raise kids?!
I still ask that you read and consider my most recent post, but I am willing to go along with your self-marriage argument if that is what you would rather discuss at the moment.  Don't worry, I read it and considered it.  Furthermore, the claim that your relationship is more difficult that someone else's seems invalid, as when any individual is angry at himself, he cannot escape himself. The problems of a person marrying himself exist with or without that marriage.   ....it may well be the case that you are mentally ill and out of touch with reality. If this is true, which it may not be, it would be applicable to treat you as any other mentally ill individual, which might include state-funding for therapy.  No, you are just too bigoted to understand what it is like to have a deep love for yourself. I could just as easily tell a gay person to go get therapy for their homosexuality for being "out of touch with reality."  Lots of people have stress in their lives, but it is neither the state's place nor is it an effective solution to attempt to alleviate individual stress by handing out taxpayer money to stressed people.  I'm not just talking about stress. I'm talking about functioning in society. I'm talking about having an equal chance to succeed and achieve my dreams.  Also, you should have no more trouble getting a job, making ends meet, or raising kids than anyone else.  I will have much more trouble doing so, because I can't concentrate on anything but my lover. Imagine if your lover was very close to you all the time.. imagine now that they are on top of you 24/7. This would be very distracting if you were in any way attracted to that person. Well it's the same for me, and I'm very attracted. Add to this distractive attraction all the other things that come with being around your lover: bickering, discussion, debate, anger, necessary apologies, and a whole host of very strong emotions that require my utmost attention. For example, I'm a hazard when I drive, so I have to take public transportation. I take tests in college, but never finish in time because my lover is always all over me!
Please. Try to have a marriage without the government's role. When others perform marriage ceremonies, they are working on behalf of the government.  I would not hesitate to be married regardless of whether or not the govt. recognizes it or not. It's a benefit that they do, but it's not MY marriage.  We sure do. How don't we?  You say you partake in marriage the same way as straight people, but if that were true you would marry an opposite-sex partner. So what you are claiming is obviously not the case.  It's both. If by "validity", you mean equal respect and equal recognition, and not being marginalized, then yes. Is that a problem for you?  By 'validity' I mean you want society and our culture to not view the pursuit of gay relationships as immoral.  However, gay people are not a threat.  Not a direct threat, that's true. However, because of the stats I remain unconvinced that if it weren't for gay people in this country, we would not have had the AIDS epidemic we have had here over the last 20-30 years. I think the better way to refer to it is not to say that gay "people" are a threat, but their sexual behavior. (Again, it's not about the state of being, but the behavior.)  I am arguing for equality for gay people. I am arguing for equal benefits and equal recognition for gay couples. Do you have a problem with that? Please address that issue, without creating a diversion about some other issue, if you are able to do this.   Fine, I have no problem with that--but I do have a problem with considering gay unions to be 'marriages.'
You speak this as though those in opposite-sex relationships suffer from some disability or disadvantage. In truth, they suffer only from the advantage of being in the majority, and they have given themselves benefits to further elevate themselves above the minority.  No, I don't view it as a 'disability.' But in the same way that old people are given social security (benefits), and disabled people are given disability (benfits), people who enter into marriage can receive benefits too.  If you believe this, then I do not feel you understand even a word of my arguments. I do not admit that I would like for people to accept homosexuality, but when all that is necessary to gain acceptance of homosexuals is to give them equal rights, then maybe that lack of acceptance wasn't meant to be in the first place. This fight is about equal rights for gay people; I believe that equality is all that is needed for acceptance, and it sounds to me that you believe the same. But this fight is about equality. It might bring acceptance with it, but the agenda of the gay rights movement is simply to create legal equality. Further, it is invalid to attempt to justify that denial of equality by questioning your opponent's motives.  This goes much deeper than 'equal rights;' gay pride (of which the push for SS marriage comes out of) is not just a matter of legality. It's a cultural matter. Yours is a movement seeking validity, and has been from the start. Do you really think that if same-sex marriage were granted nation-wide, all the gay pride parades would stop being conducted, and there would be no more rainbow flags flown? Surely you don't think that. This is all a larger movement than than just a legal one. (IMO it's simply a form of social rebellion that can be traced back to the sexual revolution.) The whole thing is about validity, pure and simple.  You continually think of the legal institution of marriage as some sort of recognition instead of a legal right under the law.   It IS recognition. Even justice of the peace weddings require SOME kind of vows. (though the details vary from state to state.) The idea of a STATE institution of marriage is a construct by your movement--ultimately all it amounts to is a recognition by the govt. of unions between a man and woman. Pure and simple.  The founders of our government probably would not have intended any form of marriage to be put into place, however that doesn't necessarily make it a bad idea.  I used to think govt recognition of marriage was a good idea, but now I'm not so sure.
Jaxian,  But you don't understand. My mind doesn't have to split into two minds for me to feel this incredible love for myself. You are speaking under the assumption that the behavioral results of deeply loving one's self are disconnected with reality, but this assumption is not true. My reality is that I am deeply in love with myself. Even if I were to get therapy, who would pay for it? I don't have the money to do so. And assuming I did get the bickering a whatnot under control, I still can't control the sexual desire I have for myself. You see, a normal person has the advantage of not alyways being with their lover, or at least being some amount of space away from them. I, however, am at an immense disadvantage being that I am all over myself all the time. If sex is the act of two people becoming one physically and spiritually, then you could say it's like I'm always having extraordinary sex with myself. This is reality, and simply because it results in behavior that is not entirely normal does not mean I should just go get therapy for it. I can't therapy away my love for myself, nor would I ever want to.
Zenodotus, don't you think this tongue-in-cheek think is getting a little overdone?
Every person is all over him or herself all of the time. Simply because you happen to love yourself does not mean that you should experience any disadvantage, or certainly not the ones you listed above. If you can think of something that I cannot, then please let me know.  Yes, but everyone else is not deeply in love with themselves. I certainly wouldn't want to change my sexual preferences. I agree that I should not experience any disadvantage, however even if I didn't bicker with myself etc etc, my sexual desire for myself puts me at that disadvantage. It is that distracting. This does not mean I am in danger of raping myself. It does mean that I have trouble concentrating on things other than myself. I did not say I have trouble concentrating, only that I have trouble concentrating on things other than myself. This is not the same as an attention disorder. It is the same as being deeply in love with someone near you, in this case myself.  Maybe not, but you can therapy away your constant bickering with yourself, and I hope you can therapy away the sexual desire for yourself that is so strong that you just can't possibly hope to control it. You speak as though loving yourself is the problem; it's not. The problem is the unrelated fact that you experience mental turmoil and cannot control your sexual urges. Loving yourself in no way means that you would experience those things. To suggest that loving oneself causes those things makes no sense. It's not so much that I can't control the urges, as it is that the urges are constantly there. This is what is so distracting.
Well, I can assure you that sexual attraction to oneself is not distracting, especially since you can't see yourself. Sexual desire for oneself might be distracting, though certainly no more distracting than sexual desire for any other loved one. I've never heard of anyone having a problem where they are unable to drive, take tests, or operate completely normally when they are in the presence of their spouse. I have never heard of anyone who can only concentrate on his or her spouse when that spouse is near. I'm saying that loving yourself is not any different than loving someone near you, and that's precisely why I don't think you're at any disadvantage. So again there is no reason to believe that loving oneself would somehow bring any sort of distraction or disadvantage.    Well, in a situation where a distraction is always present, the human body tends to get used to that distraction and is effectively able to ignore it in most cases. Since the distraction seems to be virtually undetectable in two-person marriages, I would expect it to be even less-so in a single-person marriage. This is essentially you saying "I don't believe you" over and over again. This is not a valid argument. I am telling you my feelings and their affects. I would not expect you to completely understand them without experiencing them, but that does not give you the right to discredit me.
Sure, why not? This really doesn't have much to do with where this post is going, but for the record I just want you guys to know that if you believe there is no good reason to keep the "don't ask, don't tell" policy in the military, then you have no idea how the organization works.  You have no idea how big of a headache it would be for an infantry platoon leader to conduct operations with openly gay men in his platoon. He has plenty of problems to deal with already. The personal emotional problems that the PL must deal with, with one guy looking at another in the shower, or the straight guys not wanting to be in the same foxhole as the gay guy, or the straight guys not being able to relate to him in being away from the sex they are attracted to for so long, would simply wear on any PL's already nearly impossible life. Are you aware that it is his job to council his men when they are troubled? This includes all kinds of trouble: emotional, monetary, addictions, etc. Sadly, the social implications that many "liberals" simply want to pretend don't exist or will simply go away is not reality. Reality is that "joe" is not very bright. "Joe" will not get along with gays very will, deployed or in the barracks. It is simply making it harder on everyone involved, and much more dangerous as a unit looses its cohesion.  Even in units that have both sexes, homosexually would not work. Would the gay men shower with the women to avoid sexual assault? If so, many men would pretend to be gay. Do they shower only with the gay men? This isn't any different than men showering with women, because the last thing we want is open sex in the barracks. But the list of problems only goes on. An openly gay officer would certainly gain no respect from his subordinates, which is essential to leading. An openly gay NCO, say a first sergeant, would have the exact same problems.  I only ask that you put try to apply your ideals to a realistic setting before you determine that they would actually be beneficial for those involved, even if it means looking away from your own personal agenda for two seconds.
If they did, you probably wouldn't know about it.  Not to mention the Canadian military is weak (no offense), and compared to the trials that a member of the US infantry goes through, including its PLs, I can assure you the Canadian army is considerably less demanding.  But, even if all this were untrue, it really has nothing to do with America. Canada may very well have been prepared to accept gays into its army without serious repercussions, specifically a degradation of its cohesion. If this is the case, then good for them. It does not mean America is in any such stage.
Yes, in a sense I am saying that our army is too "bigoted" to accept openly gay soldiers at this time.  I am aware that gays serve in the military, and have done so for years. However, their service and personal heroics have not been dishonored if they were not openly gay because they were decorated and honored just as every other soldier. What you may have meant was that the gay movement has been dishonored, and this may be true, although irrelevant.  The point is that if openly gay soldiers were serving in our military right now, unit cohesion would drop significantly, while at the same time creating a giant headache for all leaders involved. This is extremely dangerous, would reduce the combat effectiveness of any unit, and would lead to unnecessary risks/deaths, all in the name of a gay pride movement.
It isn't just a matter of fear of change. It's about putting lives at unnecessary risk when the time isn't right.  I wonder how many of you who seem to think you have such a vast understanding of our army's culture have served even a single day active duty in the US military.
All of this stuff about a person "even being suspected of being homosexual" is further evidence that you have no understanding of army culture. In the army, you are around other men all the time. This makes for a lot of XXX-grabbing camaraderie that goes way beyond your favorite football teams. I don't really expect you to be able to comprehend that though, as you have not lived in it. In the army, no one "suspects" anyone of being gay unless they come out and say, "I am gay." If a civilian were to spend some time amidst our troops, they would witness a lot of behavior that they would probably consider to be homosexual, but it is in fact only a manifestation of the comfort that the troops feel around each other. Short of kissing or actually performing gay sexual acts, I have never witnessed a person in the army "shunned" for being "suspected" of being gay.
I guess you're right, some of us haven't served in the US Army and kind of assumed its personel to be more professional than that. I guess we know better now.  Our officers are amazingly professional, and our troops are capable of winning our wars. I take great offense to your apparent mindset that you are in a position to judge the men and women of my country who serve, and to do so as brazenly aloof as you do.
And yet you yourself tell us that these officers and enlisted ranks are not professional enough to handle working alongside another man or woman who is open about their homosexuality. It's not the officers I am worried about, nor did I ever say it was. I also never said it was a high-ranking NCO I was worried about. What I did say, if you care to read my posts, was that "joe" (which means low-level enlisted) is not prepared to get along with open gays in a manner that will not degrade unit cohesion, much less give proper respect to an officer or high-ranking NCO who is openly gay.  Again, our officers are extraordinarily professional, and our troops are extraordinarily competent. I'm glad you have pride in your Canadian army, and you can enjoy knowing that our troops are doing virtually all the fighting for you and the rest of the free world even as you bash them.
Surely if your officers are as professional as you say, surely they can command the proper respect of their troops regardless of their sexuality.  They can command the proper respect, because they know better than to tell their unit "I am gay."  Likewise surely your enlisted ranks are competent enough not to let their irrelevant personal distaste for their leader's sexuality interfere with their ability to function  They are competent in what they are trained for: combat. I understand that these young men grew up in conservative rural areas where distaste for gays was a way of life. I understand that they grew up in inner city areas, where to be gay was to be shunned. I do not judge them because I understand the circumstances under which they were raised. The reality, not the candy-coated ideal, but the reality, of the matter is that many weren't well educated, and you can't just wave this fact away. They are well educated in the soldier skills necessary to win our wars. However, this competency does not mean they are prepared to tolerate gays without it adversely affecting their units.  As for bashing your military, I'm not sure how expecting them to be able to deal with openly gay co-workers in a professional manner bashes them. It doesn't. But bluntly saying  I guess you're right, some of us haven't served in the US Army and kind of assumed its personel to be more professional than that. I guess we know better now.  attacks all aspects of the professionalism of the entire organization, i.e. bashing.
Yes, I have served active duty for years.  The article is very sad, to say the least. Keep in mind that an incident like that is extremely rare, and I have my doubts as to how much of a rumor his homosexuality was. Of course, it was very wrong either way.   However, the point is really that grunt soldiers aren't ready to tolerate homosexuality, and sadly the article you presented clearly demonstrates this.  What is the problem? Well, in this reality we live in, problems are complicated. The easiest way I can explain it is to say that certain parts of the country, from which many of our enlisted personnel tend to come, are infused with a value system, either by their parents or by their friends, which includes the non-toleration of gays. The problem with ignoring this fact and instituting open gays in the military is the very real risks it will bring to the members of that unit. The remedy is simply to give it more time while those parts of the country catch up to you and I's current social values. It also helps to do what we can to promote good values, especially to poorer, less educated folks.
By the way, JustineCredible, don't pose as a prior member of our armed forces if you were never really one. Given a couple of your reactionary posts above, I would say the chances of you really having ever served active duty are virtually null. If you really were, then good for you; we need more people willing to give. But if you weren't, then shame on you for defaming those who actually are and were, and for glory mongering for the sake of a petty argument.
 Hmm. I'm not sure why, but for some reason I find it strange that US Army officers, by your account, would be unable to command the proper respect of their troops if they publically admitted to homosexuality. I would have thought that an officer would command the proper respect of his troops through his professional qualifications and abilities, rather than his personal life.  Unfortunately, we don't live in Happyland, where everything works out just as we think it ought to.  What's to tolerate? After all, doesn't the US Army require racists to tolerate blacks, protestants to tolerate catholics, and presumably anyone to tolerate other soldiers they don't like?  As a matter of fact it does, and it has its hands full as it is trying to ensure all such people are tolerated.  But you yourself said that these soldiers were less professional that I had supposed them to be.   Don't put words in my mouth. I said the low-ranking NCOs of the army are less tolerant of gays than you had supposed them to be. From this, you extrapolated:  some of us...assumed [the US Army's] personel to be more professional than that. I guess we know better now.  You could have said: "some of us assumed the low ranking non-commissioned officers of the US Army to be more professional than that" and you would have been fine. But to flatly state army personnel in general to be not as professional as that is to bash the entire organization.  I'm having trouble believing you would say something like: "Moreover I don't see how accepting your assessment of their ability to conduct their professional relationships impunes these soldiers' abilities in other areas of their professions." I know you are a competent writer and are quite capable of making yourself clear and easily understandable.
I was thinking moreso Canada, Great Britain, and Israel rather than "Happyland" but whatever floats your boat.  Well, in that case, I don't live in Canada, Great Britain, or Israel.  I didn't know the US Army had such problems maintaining discipline amongst the enlisted ranks. Ah well, so long as they're trying their hardest.  Indeed.  Now if I'd flatly stated that all army personel were less professional than I expected then you might have a leg to stand on with that accusation. Since I didn't quantify the statement, and you had explicitly mentioned it was the low ranking NCOs, the term 'personel' was implicitly coextensive with those particular personel to whom the conversation referred.  No, it wasn't, as you clearly said: the personnel of the US Army, which does not imply only those low-ranking NCOs.  "I do not understand how my disappointment in their inability to deal appropriately with gay co-workers impunes their overall professionalism." I assume that by impune you mean grants impunity to. I don't recall ever saying that your disappointment with their distaste for gays grants impunity to their professionalism. In fact, the only professionalism I ever directly addressed was that of officers.
When the similarities in arguments of polygamy and gay marriage are pointed out here, as well as the way they analogize one another, the response by those who would prefer gay marriage being a topic uncompared to these things is that polygamy should be argued completely separately, and that the two issues should never cross paths.  Interestingly, while looking something up for a debate in another thread, I discovered that the first official gay rights platform (Gay Rights Platform of 1972) signed by over 200 gay rights leaders at the time, did call for legalization of . . . you guessed it, polygamy. It seems even the 'pioneers' of the gay rights movement had the sense to know that if marriage was going to truly be an institution of equality, and if gay people were going to use the "equality" mantra in their arguments, they had to note that the problem with marriage wasn't that it was anti-gay, but that it inherenetly wasn't an equality-based institution. They knew that these two issues didn't need to be argued separately.  http://www.rslevinson.com/gaylesissues/features/collect/onetime/bl_platform1972.htm  (See item # 8 at the bottom)  I'm certainly not in favor of polygamy, but it's interesting that despite the way modern gay rights folks try to keep gay rights untarnished by other related issues, the history of their movement tells a different story.
WOW you mean you had to search for something that is over THIRTY YEARS OLD to justify your gay-bashing?   How is this "gaybashing?"
Anything that resembles disagreement with homosexuality and gay marriage on this board apparently...... emoticon_rolleyes
It seems most of the responses are basically that 'because that was years ago, it doesn't matter.'   The point is, historically there was a connection. It's pretty blatantly obvious. I don't know why it would be something to get defensive about anyway.
How is this "gaybashing?"  What is wrong with you my friend? Don't you knoiw if you have a difference of opinion and are against gay marriage that is gay bashing, homophobia, or being a bigot? emoticon_rolleyes
What is wrong with you my friend? Don't you knoiw if you have a difference of opinion and are against gay marriage that is gay bashing, homophobia, or being a bigot? emoticon_rolleyes  I guess when they decide pretty much anything is going to be "bashing", then there you go! I better email the moderators and let them know that no one can discuss gay rights issues in their gay rights forum anymore, lest someone feel 'bashed.' I'm sure they'll immediately shut down the forum lest anyone get offended. BTW, are you as unfamiliar with the term "flop-sweat" as I am? Maybe it's a gay terminology thing. Instead of "ebonics," there could be "gaybonics." :p
How typical of those who are actually guilty to attempt to spin the blame back at their target: "She was asking for it..."  When you go about the business of accusing people of gay bashing when they aren't doing that at all, then you get called on it. Pure and simple.
Smooth.... emoticon_frazzled  My poking fun about 'gaybonics?' You can't be serious that you think THAT'S gay-bashing?? Right?
As I mentioned before, the only time the subject gets brought up is by those opposed to gay marriage  That's because it's so similar and related. It's a lot more apt analogy that interracial marriage or other non-related issues. Both issues deal with a fundamental aspect of marriage: gay marriage deals with the gender issue, and polygamy deals with the number issue. (1 man/1 woman)
Can one disagree with Gays and Liberals on the subject of Gay Marriage without being called a bigot or a homophobe?
Maybe it wasn't gay-bashing. But, let's not play saint. It's no secret that you, VoR, and Jamaan all have poor regard for homosexuals and nearly every argument you make relies on misinformation and prejudice and is quite insulting.   Only because you've decided to view our arguments that way. In my opinion, it's YOUR arguments (and those who argue with you) that are based on misinfomation and prejudice.   It's not like you are offering a polite differing opinion on the quality of Coca Cola product or controversial matter. Homosexuals, like Justine, are real live people and you consistently question their honesty, the hearts, and their integrity with your arguments that depend soley on demeaning homosexuals. Your arguments have painted them as predators, self-gratifying, promiscuous, health threats, incapable parents, and perverted. If somebody were constantly calling in question the content of your character based upon who you happen to love (i.e. your wives) - you might feel a tad bashed, too.  You're darn right we question their honesty, their "hearts", and their integrity. And we'll keep on as long as they continue lying and giving misinformation at the drop of a hat here, and as long as they intentionally vilify anyone with an opposing opinion so recklessly. Your very post here only demonstrates that, in the way you refuse to be specific and act like we've said things far worse than we really have. If you want to ensure you all as gay rights advocates are treated honestly and with integrity, then start by showing it.  YES, your entire opinion is an isult.  Tough. Welcome to dialog and debate, where people actually have to sometimes hear things they don't like or that they disagree with. The issue of gay rights does not have a free pass to go unchallenged. Welcome to the concept of a forum.  The most glaring drawback to the gay rights position by those so stubborn they won't even consider other views is it's inherent arrogance in it's position that only it is right and no one should have the opportunity to actually challenge it and see what it really is. As if no one else has a valid opinion other than gay rights people. The difference between you all and the typical person who argues against you is that you all seem to think ONLY your opinion is worth anything (while making the opposing opinion out to always be far worse than it is), while those who argue against you try to see the validity in BOTH opinions.
But how does polygamy have anything to do with gay marriage. Just because A has some aspect of B does not mean B is equal to A.   Just because gay marriage entails the number of men or women it does NOT include both men AND women in ONE marriage. Polygamy does NOT entail mutliples of the same gender who actually SLEEP or have Sexual relations with one another!  Just because Ducks are birds and Eagles are birds Does Not make Ducks Eagles.  Gee, you sound like people who argue against the analogy of interracial marriage!  Traditional marriage is usually defined by one man and one women marrying each other. That definition covers the number of people entering into marriage, as well as the gender. Polygamy and gay marriage are the very flipside of that traditional definition--one challenges the number, and the other challenges the gender. Both are the main challenge to traditional marriage--your movement and polygamy are two sides of the marriage-challenge coin, so to speak. You have a lot more in common with the polygamy movement than you apparently realize. That's why early on your movement embraced the idea of polygamy, as I showed with that first gay rights charter.
You really are dredging the bottom. The point that it was a long time ago is valid for what should be obvious reasons. The people who signed and supported polgomy are not the people who support modern gay rights. Under your logic the Catholic Church who supported mass executions of 'heretics' represents the modern Church. Your argument is COMPLETELY absurd.  1972 wasn't THAT long ago for some of us. Do you not think that many of those people who signed on are still alive and active in the gay rights movement?  And besides, why get so defensive about polygamy anyway? It's not like it's some horrible thing to be compared to.
I am not talking about activists. I am talking about people. The guy down the street, your doctor, your son' classmate's parents, you best friend's cousin. I am talking about showing respect for people who are gay - regardless of political activity or lack there of.   Of course I respect them as a person. You've mistaken disagreement with some points regarding gay rights with disapproval of them as a person. The mistake is yours.  If the kind of arguments being thrown around here against gays were used against any other group - you would be banned.  That's because those are minorities based on legitimate claims--they are ethnic minorities. The concept of homosexuality in people's minds is as much based on behavior as anything, at least in the eyes of the public. But even then, gay people get plenty of respect anyway. And more importantly, those other minorities are not trying to change the institution of marriage in society. For that matter, I've read far more bannable material from people on your side of the aisle here--if the moderators were not fairly tolerant, many of the gay-rights proponents would be banned already.  I understand the anti gay stance no more than I do racists, neo-nazis, or serial killers.  I agree, you indeed do not understand the stance people are taking here against gay rights. (The very fact you call it "anti-gay" shows that.)
 you have chosen to believe that it is only possible have same-sex marriage if we also have everything else.  No, that's not what I'm saying--I'm saying it is only possible to have equality in marriage if we also have everything else.
What "lies"???? What "misinformation"??? I have yet to see your side of the argument factually rebutt any  argument brought forth in this forum. I do, however, continually see the very tactics you condem as the only tactics available to you.  And once again, I can say the very same things about you. {shrug}  Every time you or someone else calls one of us "anti-gay", calls us a "bigot," or calls it "gay-bashing," it's a lie, pure and simple. And the really shameful thing is that you know it.
That's not the point. Trying to prove that a group of people in the past who said something now represent the modern movement is insane.  Actually, in a strange sort of way, I am saying that those early gay rights people were more right than the modern ones because they realized that to fight for equality in marriage (a typical battle cry for gay rights people) marriage itself had to be reformed from it's inequality as an institution in many ways. To claim to be fighting for equality, but limit one's fight to only one aspect and even going so far as to disagree that other aspects deserve equality is a hypocritical stance, and they realized that, apparently. Though I disagree with them fundamentally on all those issues, at least I have to give them credit for being consistent and non-hypocritical by not trying to limit their changes of marriage to that of including only homosexuality.  Polgomy is a astronomical rights abuser.  I agree. Like I said, I don't support polygamy any more than gay marriage. (Though I do think it's a good idea to try and extend couple's benefits to everyone who needs them, regardless of their type of marriage.)
Then you have clearly changed your position.  Nah, it's a reading comprehension problem on your end.  You are missing the point. Trying to extend polgomy to gay marriage is childish. Polgomy has a long history of abuse, rights violations and other atrocities. Gay relations do not. It would be like trying to say that we should ban buddhism because Satanism is a religion too! It doesn't work that way. In fact, such a argument is fallacious. Polgomy should be debated on its own, not tied in to gay marriage.  Beside the point. The real issue isn't gay marriage, but marriage, period and whether or not it should be changed. Polygamy and gay marriage are both simply examples of people wanting to change the institution of marriage to make it less discriminatory. Polygamy doesn't have to be a rights violation. If you want equality in marriage, then fight for it and be consistent across the board. Otherwise you'll just continue to look like a hypocrite.
The easiest way to have consistent equality in marriage is to get the government out of marriage altogether. And conservatives need not worry that such an option would lead to government subsidizing immoral marriages.  I think that's a good solution, actually.
But that doesn't make them the same. If that were all it took, we could say inter-racial marriage is the same as gay marriage. We could say marriage outside of the Catholic Church, or outside of the Church of England is the same as gay marriage. Marriage with legal divorce is the same as gay marriage then too.  No because those don't involve any standard definition of marriage. (1 man with 1 woman)  Balderdash. If you want religious freedom, fight for polygamy, and be consistent, or else you are a hypocrite. It's either, or. You have only two choices, jyoshu. How do you like MY false dilemma?  Religious freedom and marriage are two separate things. But both polygamy AND gay marriage are the same in the sense they both are about marriage--in fact they are both about degrading the standard.
There is no standard definition of marriage.  Apparently you've been living under a rock all your life.  Look around.  How is gay marriage degrading marriage? It is not degrading marriage.  How on earth is it NOT degrading it? It doesn't take a rocket scientist to see that the institution is becoming more open to anything qualifying as a "marriage" when we start accepting whatever comes along and wants to claim the "M" word too for their particular sort of romance.
I'd just like to say that I am for both gay marriage and polygamy. There shouldn't be any boundaries to your liberties except when they cross others'.  It seems there are quite a few gay rights people here that wouldn't agree with you.
Mass. Governor will attempt Gay Marriage ban......  This should be very interesting......  http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,159778,00.html  Mass. Governer Will Attempt Gay-Nup Ban Thursday, June 16, 2005  Mass. Court to Hear Bid to Stop Gay Marriages BOSTON - Gov. Mitt Romney (search) will support a citizen-led effort to put a proposed constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriages (search) on a statewide ballot, a spokesman said Thursday.  The proposed initiative would also not allow civil unions (search) for same-sex couples. A separate, proposed amendment now pending before the Legislature would ban gay marriages but legalize Vermont-style civil unions.  "Governor Romney believes that voters should be given a straightforward amendment to decide the definition of marriage and not one that muddies the water by creating civil unions that would be equivalent of marriage in all respects but name," said Romney's spokesman, Eric Fehrnstrom.  Opponents of gay marriage plan to annouce the new citizen initiative later Thursday.  The state's highest court ruled in November 2003 that the state constitution guaranteed same-sex couples the right to marry. The nation's first state-sanctioned, same-sex weddings began taking place May 17, 2004, and since then, thousands of couples have tied the knot.  However, the Legislature last March passed a proposed constitutional amendment that would ban the marriages but allow for civil unions. That proposed amendment must be passed in identical form again this year in order to appear on a state ballot in November 2006.
Wow, lots of attacks against me for posting that........But what else is new.......  The amendment will even oppose Civil Unions...............We shall see what happens...........  Like I have said many times, the people of Mass are largely RC and the RCC is against gay marriage.......  Hopefully the will of the people will prevail and not some liberal activist judge.......
Wow, lots of attacks against me for posting that........But what else is new......  It does seem like several of them have been particularly nasty lately. Maybe they are getting a pay cut from the groups they shill for or something.
Hold the phone there darlin...those "largely RC" people of mass actually VOTED IN gay marriage in the first place! Duh.  Duh, Don't know where you got that...........Not vote has been taken.....Activist Judges deemed gay marriage legal.......  Read the article and you might learn something sweetie......
As I said, good luck! Even if they gather enough signatures, it hase to get past the Senate president, and he is very pro-gay marriage.   This was tried once before, and then Senate president Tom Birmingham, although not a supporter of gay marriage, did not want the world's oldest living constitution amended in such a fashion. So he killed the debate, essentially killing the proposal.   Thankfully the Senate leader has only one vote just like everyone else......  If the will of the people demand and amendment against gay marriage and the senate leader obstructs their will, like a Senator from South Dakota found out by his obstruction tactics he will be looking for a new job.......  Stay tuned..........
What would have happened if you had put slavery on the ballot in 1860? Or interacial marriage in 1960?  You should not allow votes on civil rights issues. They are what they are, popular or not.  It's not just a matter of "voting." The point is that the will of the people need to be respected--that's what democracy is. Ours is, after all, a govt. by the people and for the people.  And the question isn't whether civil rights is being voted on, but whether or not changing the institution of marriage is a civil right to begin with.
What would have happened if you had put slavery on the ballot in 1860? Or interacial marriage in 1960?  You should not allow votes on civil rights issues. They are what they are, popular or not.  emoticon_mad  Michele, that is a red herring and you know it.........Don't insult African Americans fight for rights with Gay Marriage.......
The will of the people of Massachusetts is that bigotry not be written into their constitution. The issue will be dropped and those who were strongly in favor of the amendment will find themselves in an embarassing situation. At least, those with enough integrity to recognise when they're wrong.  With that state heavily inhabited by devout Catholics I doubt it............Stay tuned.........  Anyone who opposes gay rights, or the rights of any and citizen, is a bigot   Here we go again with the name calling of anyone who does not agree with your position.........It did not take long........  What else is new? emoticon_rolleyes
Michele, that is a red herring and you know it.........Don't insult African Americans fight for rights with Gay Marriage.......  What's ironic with the analogy of slavery and putting it to a vote is that slavery was reversed because enough people came to oppose it. If not for "the will of people," slavery would still be around today.
I can't understand how they can ignore history. Do some research on landmark supreme court decisions and it can be clearly seen exactly how much "activist" judges have influenced civil rights against the will of the people over the past 100 years. Of course the buzz words are new like activists judges or legislating from the bench. It has all been going on for 200 years, why is it a problem now?  As has been pointed out here several times, constitutional amendments have been the most-used historical means to guarantee civil rights. Not the judiciary. The constitutional amendments read like a civil rights timeline.
So where these all the decisions of activist judges. Not all of these decisions met the will of the people.  Well, I would argue that none of these would have come about if enough people we'ren't behind these movements in the first place. But I don't deny that courts have ruled on specifics along the way. Nevertheless the sweeping changes came about via amendments.   I would also add that gay marriage is not so much a civil right as an attempt to change a standard view of looking at marriage.
Um ... unfortunately for you, he's the one that can decide to call the constitutional convention or not. He can also end debate and kill the amendment (which is what happened with the last petition-driven amendment).  Good luck to you.    3 pro-amendment politicians lost their seats in the last election to three anti-amendment (pro gay marriage) politicians.  Stay tuned indeed.   We shall see what the people of Mass. say.........The polls you cite say they favor gay marriage...The polls the Governor cites say they are against it........If the people of Mass. want and amendment and the politicians don't then the politicians will be looking for new jobs..........That is the way it works in this country.............  If Mass comes up with and amendment to ban Gay marriage then I honsestly believe that when all is said and done every state will eventually pass and amendment banning it..........Mass. is really the only state in doubt.........
This may be true but I hold to the idea that ammendments are only postponing the what will come. Supreme court decision declaring the bans on marriage unconstitutional. Gays and lesbians aren't going to stop because of ammendments. They will fight the ammendments then fight the marriage laws.  I will guareentee that if any state that has an amendment banning gay marriage goes to the SCOTUS the court will not touch it with a 10 foot pole and say it is a states issue................
The states have a perfect right to not perform gay marriages. However, they have no right to not recognize weddings performed legally in other states. That's the issue that will come up before the Supreme Court, and given how clear the constitution is on the subject they will have no choice but to order the states to recognize the marriages.  Only one state can perform gay marriage at this time and that is Mass........The marriages there are not recognized in any other state.........  The SCOTUS will not touch issues that are state issues..........They will throw it back to the indivual state and their amendments banning gay marriage will prevail..........
funny how many states still have segregation as part of their state constitutions. I doubt that the supreame court will uphold marriage bans they have been trending towards individual privacy rights for years. This is what scare conservatives that someone might not want to live under their draconian system any longer.  Please enlighten me and name me one state that has segregation in their constitution..........I would love to hear that since it is against Federal Law........
Marriage is a State's right and each state has a Supreme court. Those states without gay marriage will recognize them because of federal decisions. It is not an "if" this happens it is "when"  Eventually every state will have and amendment banning gay marriage with maybe the exception of Mass. and it might even happen there too.......
I live in Massachusetts. I am well aware of the political climate here. Robert Travaglini (the current Senate President) seems reluctant to bring the amendment he co-sponsored that would ban gay marriage but allow civil unions to the floor. Considering that 3 pro amendment people lost their seats in the last election, as well as in the special elections held afterwards, I would be worried, too. And I can guarantee you , that there is no way that Travaglini will allow an amendment banning civil unions to make its way out of debate.  Good luck to you.      There will be no amendment in Massachusetts.  Your friend may lose his job if he goes against the will of the people......Ask the EX minority leader of the U.S. Senate if you don't believe me.......
Doubtful. Mass ain't South Dakota. And his district will never elect a republican.  But do try ... and good luck to you.  You got a Republican governor..........That tells me he got the majority of the votes to get elected..........That means people believe in his issues like being against gay marriage.............think about it...........
We've gone over this before. Do you really not remember, or are you just being difficult? Either way...  Article 4, section 1, United States Constitution: Full Faith and Credit shall be given in each State to the public Acts, Records, and judicial Proceedings of every other State.   If you're married in one state, your married in every state. And since that is spelled out in the US Constitution it falls squarely in the provence of the Supreme Court. The states do get to set their own rules for who they will give licenses to, that is a state's issue. But one state does not get to tell another that their legal proceedings don't count. It's in the Constitution, and the Supreme Court can't do anything but rule in favor of having marriages performed in Mass. be recognized everywhere in the country. Some day soon, VoR, you will have a married gay couple living in your neighborhood!   The state amendments will take care of that..........Tell me have you heard of any gays getting married in Mass. and going back to their home state and that state recognizing that marriage? I think not.......
Here you are a link to the Alabama state constitution, segregation is still on the books. http://www.legislature.state.al.us/CodeOfAlabama/Constitution/1901/Constitution1901_toc.htm   section 256 of the alabama state constitution  http://www.legislature.state.al.us/CodeOfAlabama/Constitution/1901/CA-245806.htm  Just because something is uninforcable doesn't mean it still doesn't exisit in the state constitutions.  Hell there are laws on the books that you can't beat your dog too........I guareentee if that is a valid law and Alabama tried to enforce it against African Americans all hell would break loose........  Have you ever heard of the Civil Rights Federal Act of 1964?  Gays always try and compare their plight to the struggle African Americans went through to obtain equal rights when in reality there is no comparison and a lot of African Americans are offended by the comparison.......
Do "African Americans" make a habit out of beating dogs?  I don't think so...........Your point is? I was just trying to point out ridiculous laws..every state has them.they are and can not be enforced........
Just for fun here is a link to goofy laws that remain on the book!  http://www.dribbleglass.com/subpages/laws.htm  Thanks Joe, those are great...........
Then why did you say:  I was trying to point out how ridiculous some old laws are..........
Anyway... the Attorney General of NY State has issued his legal opinion that couples legally married in Mass (that is, residents of Mass at the time of marriage) will have their marriages recognized in NY State.  And, as for your delusions about the SCOTUS not touching state issues, did you miss the recent medical marijuana ruling?  I wonder what the weather is like on your planet.  Yeah and there is a mayor of a city in New York being prosecuted for performing gay marriage....  If you think that there will not be a fight if someone trys to get benefits for a marriage that took place in Mass and they want them in New York you are living in a world of fantasy my friend........
You obviously do not know anything about Massachusetts' politics. Romney was elected because he ran as an outsider, and Shannon O'Brien (his opponent) was seen as being too close with then house speaker Tom Finneran (who, although he is a democrat, is extremely conservative). That said, his victory does not seem to translate in to the legislative races. He sponsored a 'record' number of republicans to run against incumbent democrats. And with the Supreme Judicial Court granting marriage rights to same-sex couples and the general election, it was thought by some that some incumbents would lose their seats. And two did.  A funny thing, though ...  NONE of the republican challengers won. All of the incumbents who voted against the amendment kept their seats. And two of the incumbants who voted for the amendment lost to pro-gay marriage challengers in the primaries (who then went on to win the general election).  Even more interesting, though ...  Since the fall elections, there have been special elections for vacancies left be pro-amendment politicians. 2 have been won by pro-gay marriage folks in decisive victories. I have to get an update on the third.  The bigots are over-reaching with an amendment to ban both gay marriage and civil unions. The Senate president will never call a constitutional convention for it. And he will not lose his seat.  But, please! Do try!  Good luck to you.  Spin it any way you want to but bottom line Romney is a Social Conservative and all those Catholics that voted for him will be quite upset if their elected representatives do not follow their wishes and will throw the bums out.........  Stay tunded.........
THEN, some mean-spirited bigot from YOUR side will sue the state to stop them from recognizing the couple's marriage.   You were doing pretty good until you went there so I won't bother responding to your point............  If at some point and time you can refrain from the name calling of people that have a difference opinion then you we can go on with the debate........  Your name calling serves no constructive addition to the debate.......
I don't need to spin it. I live here. I am well aware of the politics involved here. Even if you believed that people voted for Romney based on his conservative credentials, that victory did not translate into victory for the candidates he supported for legislative seats.  Why is that?   Romney would have never won the governorship without the inner suburbs of Boston. And those people are very socially liberal. They may have been initially wary about gay marriage, but now they have grown to support it. And they have always supported rights for same-sex couples, including civil unions. And they are not very happy with him right now.  And it says a lot that he has still not formally announced his run for reelection yet. Also, if he formally decides not to run, one of the potential candidates (can't remember his name right now) is actually for same-sex marriages.  On the democratic side, Attorney General Tom Reilly has announced he will run for governor. While initially he was against gay marriage (but for civil unions) he has now come out in favor of marriage for same-sex couples. Another contender on the democratic side, Deval Patrick, is enthusiastically for gay marriage.  Romney is definitely in the minority here.  Stay tuned indeed.  Tony, you are a great spinmeister but I beleive you ae talking with your heart and not with your brain................You can not deny that many people in Mass voted for this Governor because of his social values............Mass. is just like any other liberal state...........The people in the metropolitan areas are liberal and the people in the rural areas are conservative.........  I will be interested in seeing how many of those Catholics go against their religeous beliefs and be for gay marriage........
Well, recent polling suggests 55% to 60% statewide.  (oops)   The poll the Governor cited was 50 percent against 34 percent for................ emoticon_confused
I bet you're emoticon_confused  The poll you appear to be referring to is over a year old, from BEFORE the first marriages. Also, those were general results, not Catholic results.  More recent polls put support FOR same-sex marriage over 50% (now that people can see it's OK).  Now, sit down for this part cuz it's gonna bother you. Approval of same-sex marriage by Catholics in Mass. is HIGHER than that of many Protestant sects (not just fundamentalists). Maybe because Catholic Mass. is liberal. Maybe because it's largely urban. Maybe because Catholics in Mass. know the sting of prejudice. I can think of more reasons.  Yeah, so catholics in Mass. will ignore everything that Jesus Christ and the RCC teaches...............  I can tell your not a Catholic and know nothing about the RC religion............
Tell it to Coretta King. She supports gay rights as did her husband. One of his most prominent aides was gay.  BTW, didn't you know? There are black gays too.  Good for her.What is her claim to fame.........Oh wait she was the wife of MLK............Impressive.........  In general African Americans are more against Gay marriage then Caucasians
What VoR seems to be ignorant of is the whole priest raping boys thing. Given that little detail alot of Massachusetts RC's are seriously questioning the moral foundations of the Catholic church. After all, if a group turns a blind eye to priests having sex with boys, why should they listen to them concerning gay marraige? Alot of Mass. RC's are making up their own minds about this, rather than letting their morality be dictated to them.  About 1 percent of all priests were gay males and involved in the molestations of young boys..............  I don't hold the whole priesthood responsible for that........
Tell it to Coretta King. She supports gay rights as did her husband.   We don't know for sure if her husband would have supported it or not. And MLK III as well as the Kings' daughter believe gay marriage is immoral and do not support it.
showing how little you understand about pedophilia are ya?   If a man has sexual attractions to children who are boys that doesn't make him a homosexual because homosexuals are attracted to adults.  Likewise if a man is attracted to children who are gilrs, that doesn't make him straight....heterosexuals are attracted to adults.  Pedophiles are attracted to children not adults.  Read the section on "terminology" http://psychology.ucdavis.edu/rainbow/html/facts_molestation.html   Most of the priests admitted they were gay and if they were not why did they only chose young boys? Why not young girls too?
We don't know for sure if her husband would have supported it or not. And MLK III as well as the Kings' daughter believe gay marriage is immoral and do not support it.  as do most religeous African Americans............
Are you saying that his wife didn't know where her husband stood on the issues. Are you questioning the sanctity of their marriage. Are you questioning the ability of a wife to know what her husband would have wanted......  I'm questioning your ability to channel Martin Luther King decades after his death.
SHOW YOUR SOURCE!   SHOW YOUR SOURCE!   SHOW YOUR SOURCE!     How many times do you need to be reminded that if you're going to make such claims, you better be able to back it up. Put up or shut up!  If you followed the cases you would know they only molested young boys....That is a fact..........  If they were not gay why did they not molest little girls?????  Come guys/girls, lets face the facts.these priests were gay pedophiles......If a male molests a little girl then he is a straight pedophile.......  The reason the priests only molested little boys, without being to graphic, they were sexually attracted to the young boys privates........
He's never going to read that, Joe. Too many long words.   Attack the messenger............But what else is new...... emoticon_rolleyes is that all you have? So sad.........
http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/c/a/2005/01/17/MLK.TMP  snip: "I take a tremendous amount of inspiration from Dr. King," Wolfson said. "King himself was a very strong advocate for equality, not just for African Americans but all people."   Wolfson cites King's reliance on Bayard Rustin as a key adviser during the Montgomery bus boycott. Rustin, who was gay, also organized the 1963 March on Washington.   "King's right-hand man was a gay man," Wolfson said. "People like Coretta Scott King and (U.S.) Congressman John Lewis, who marched with him, have said that King would have stood for the rights of homosexuals."   Cecil Williams, pastor of San Francisco's Glide Memorial Church, said King sought an end to racism, classism, homophobia and all forms of discrimination. He also cited Coretta Scott King's defense of gay and lesbian rights.   "I know her personally, and I know what her position is," said Williams. "She has spoken out for gay rights and the participation of gay people.   "I go by what Coretta says."  ------- (MLK) "In his view, the struggle was not between black and white; it was between justice and injustice," Carson said.  ------  I think Coretta knew her man better than her daughter.  People have long invoked Martin Luther King and used his name for lots of things. As perhaps the most well-known civil rights leader of all time, it's only natural that anyone who comes along trying to claim the civil rights mantra, even if it's not a matter of civil rights at all, are going to to try to use his name.   There's quite a leap to take from having an advisor who is gay, and full support of gay marriage. We'll never know for sure if he would have supported it or not. It's true that his widow has come out in favor of gay marriage, but other members of his family have definitely come out against it. If King had felt as strongly about it as some want him to have, he would have said so and made some statements about it. As it is, we'll never really know for sure.
Somehow I can't picture MLK saying to his wife, "Sorry, honey... sorry, Bayard...I gotta side with Fred Phelps, Jerry Falwell, and Pat Robertson on this one."  Good grief, hardly ANYONE sides with them on either side of the issue.
Don't dodge. You were asked to prove that the priests admitted to being gay. I have no interest in your definitions, that's not the issue. I want to see your proof that the preists said, "I'm gay."  Its not my definition.........They molested boys because they were sexually attracted to little boys equipment...They did not molest girls because they were not attracted to little girls equipment...  You can have both gay and straight pedophiles and the priests were Gay.........
Dont hold your breath!  Hey Joe, congratulations, you have reached 2000 posts.........Are they all just attacks on people who do not agree with you? emoticon_rolleyes
If you were ONLY a 'messenger', as you claim, you would NOT be inflecting your personal opinion into the discussion whatsoever. Therefore, because you insist upon having and stating your opinion, you are no longer simply a 'messenger' you are now PART of the issue.  So, don't try that 'i'm just the messenger' LIE anymore. Got it? Get it? Good...  now that will be quite enough of that.   Then for once in your life engage the topic instead of just attacking me........  Thank you........
Its not my definition.........They molested boys because they were sexually attracted to little boys equipment...They did not molest girls because they were not attracted to little girls equipment...  You can have both gay and straight pedophiles and the priests were Gay.........  Isn't it funny how they suddenly throw the whole idea of sexual orientation out the window altogether and suddenly pretend it doesn't exist in cases where there's an underage person involved and they might actually have to admit a gay person did something wrong? emoticon_rolleyes   One moment it's gentic, inborn, and inescapable. The next minute it's 'oh these are exceptions--they are strictly pedophiles and that doesn't count.' emoticon_rolleyes
You had said on another thread that you had learned the fact that being gay has nothing to do with pedophilia. So why are you now talking like an ignoramus? Are you backslidding?  It doesn't have anything to do with pedophilia in the sense of the idea that gays are more likely to be pedophiles than anyone else, which isn't true. But you are being intentionally dishonest when you try to explain away any case of a someone trying to engage in homosexual acts with an underage person by saying "oh he's a pedophile' that has nothing to do with being gay." Don't be silly. You know as well as I do that some or many of those priests who were obviously attracted to same-sex boys were gay. This idea that sexual orientation doesn count if it's a case of anyone being underage or even a child in the situation is ludicrous, especially if you are going to, in other instances portray sexual orientation as so inescapable and an all-powerful influence on human behavior. This is a case of gay rights people talking out both sides of their mouths.  I have never heard any connection made to heterosexuality when an adult male molests a little girl or girls, even if he identifies as heterosexual in his adult sexual orientation. That's as it should be. These are two completely different things.   Hello?????!!! If he's attracted to HER and not attracted to boys, then OBVIOUSLY it's related to heterosexuality to some degree (or homosexuality if he's only attracted to boys). If pedophiles were free of sexual orientation as you seem to think, and only influenced by their pedophilia, then it only stands to reason that they would be just as attracted to boys as girls and vice-versa.  Good grief, this isn't even that complicated.  Oh, and I notice you've now changed your terminology to "adult sexual orientation." Nice try, but I think you are going to be hard pressed to prove that everyone's sexual orientation's cut-off age for attraction is a certain age. "No, I won't be tempted by your looks--you're only 13 (even though you look like you 19). Go away."  "What? Did you say you're actually 14??? That's above where my "adult" sexual orientation kicks in! Weeeeell, in that case . . ."
That may be. But I think you'd be hard-pressed to say that individuals who are attracted to adults of one sex or another are also attracted to children of that same sex. Certainly that isn't true at all.  Children tend to have more asexual physical characteristics, and their body types change dramatically over time. Simply because I am attracted to adult males does not mean I am attracted to male children. Simply because I am attracted to adult females does not mean that I am attracted to female children.  Now, I'm not saying that there is a specific "cut-off age", but certainly there is an age at which I am not at all attracted, and there certainly is a process by which I become more and more attracted to an individual as that person's body becomes physically more like an adult.  There are some people who are more attracted to younger children than they are adults, and those are the people you see molesting children. I would argue that in many cases, it is probably the dominating situation created by having sex with a child that draws many child molesters. But whatever sexual attraction drives them, it is as different from adult homosexual attraction as it is from adult heterosexual attraction.  Simply because the words we use group a large variety of sexual attractions under the term "homosexual" and a large variety of sexual attractions under the term "heterosexual" does not mean that the "heterosexual attractions" are more similar to one another than they are to the "homosexual attractions". Each sexual attraction should be considered independantly.   The grouping of sexual attractions into "homosexual" and "heterosexual" is arbitrary. Sure, it affects who you're attracted, to but so does my sexual attraction to thin people over overweight people.  Again, you are neglecting the fact that pedophiles are selective in the gender of the kids they go after. If sexual orientation were not a factor at all, all pedophiles would molest girls and boys just as readily.  I have to agree with MrWriteLA; pedophilia is not a sexual orientation. And I think a pedophile's sexual orientation still plays out when they molest kids. That's why they are selective in which gender of kids they victimize.
The distinction between gender of victim and sexual orientation of perpetrator is important because many child molesters don't really have an adult sexual orientation. They have never developed the capacity for mature sexual relationships with other adults, either men or women.   I don't think this is necessarily true, as plenty of child molestors certainly have and do have mature sexual relationships with other adults. There's a man who's wife I know who was sent to prison for it. They had what she thought was a good marriage.  Look, everyone is on board here (other than VOR I suppose) that gay people are no more likely to be pedophiles than anyone else. You don't need to defend that at this point. You guys are so worried about that association that you can hardly have a rational discussion about it. First, like so many other things, pedophilia is not an all-or-nothing issue--it probably manifests itself in degrees with different people. In other words, there probably ARE some pedophiles who are not even attracted to adults, and there are probably plenty that are. Second, you still can't get away from the fact that on some level, pedophiles obviously have a sexual orientation because they are selective about the gender of their victims. Third, this can get very grey because child molestation doesn't just include little children who's bodies haven't developed, but also young adults who are underage and who sometimes are certainly NOT "asexual" in appearance. It's still morally wrong of course, but child molestation doesn't just include very young children.
Wrong. Sexual orientation, gay or straight are attractions of adults to other adults. There may be some pedophiles who prefer one sex or the other, but reasearch shows that has nothing to do with their adult sexual orientation. If you call someone a gay pedophile, or a straight pedophile, you are wrong. No professionals in this field of study, no psychologists, no one with any knowledge, makes the connections you are making. Stop peddling ignorance.   I'll be the first to agree with you that orientation is not a cause but the idea that an act of pedophilia is completely some island in itself, completely uninfluenced by any matter of attraction to based on gender (as you seem to believe) is OBVIOUSLY wrong, or all pedophiles would be completely indiscriminant toward children in regards to gender. We know that's not the case. I think you are making an argument that is ridiculous AND unsupported. I doubt there is a "professional" out there who would claim all cases are pedophilia have no degree of gender attraction involved.  If a person has sex with a 13 year old, that is illegal.  Um, yeah!!!  Age of consent laws are a whole other topic. What you are talking about I belive is called ebophilia(maybe wrong on the name), an attraction to those just at puberty.  Get real. There are 10 year olds that look like 16 year olds, and there are 13 year olds that look like 19 year olds. Some of the kids molested by priests were not young children. Stop trying to divide everything up and put people in little boxes like this is completely a black and white issue when you know it's not.
I still have got no explanation as to if these priests who were pedophiles were not gay then why did they only go after young boys? Why did they not go after young girls?  It is because the girls do not have the sexual equipment that gays are attracted to........It is the same reason why straight pedophiles don't go after little boys.....Its because little boys don't have the equipment that straight pedophiles are sexually attracted too......  Bottom line is there are 2 kinds of pedophiles, straight anf gay ones.........
Do you have a reading comprehension problem? More likely I think it is a case of willfull blindness as an idealogue. You are constructing a straw man, I was not making that argument. I said that some pedophiles do prefer one gender to another in terms of children. However, there is no correlation to their adult orientation in terms of gender.  I think that's about as logical as a flat-earth. A heterosexual pedophile (toward adults) is more than likely to target opposite gender kids. That's just common sense.   I am starting to worry about you. I have never seen a 13 year old who looks like a 19 year old, or a 10 year old who looks like a 16 year old. If I did, I still wouldn't want to have sex with that person.  Now you're just chain yanking. There most certainly ARE 13 year-olds whose bodies are as developed as other 19 year olds, and there are 19 year-olds as undeveloped as some 13 year olds. The point of course, is that you can't just compartmentalize people all the time--age and body development do not always run side-by-side and pedophilia is more than just an issue about young children.  Then we may be talking about ebophilia, not pedophilia.  We were talking about priests that were molesting kids, period. Personally, I don't see why the age of the kids should matter, as it's illegal and sick either way.  Divide people in little boxes, like it is completely black or white? I am just being accurate, by putting them in the category as it applies.  Trying to fit everyone into preconceived catagories is never accurate--there are always exceptions.
You are sick, if that's how you see it. A little girl has the same physical development as an adult woman, that will attract straight men, for example, in terms of breasts? Is that your view? I don't think many other people see it that way. A little boy has all the development of a grown man, that will attract a gay man, in terms of the penis for example? I beg to differ. You are either sick, or very foolish.  To straight and gay pedphiles they do............That is why gay pedophiles only molest little boys..They are turned off by the body of little girls but little boys sexually arouse them........  Its the same for straight pedophiles only in reverse...........  For a gay or striaght man you are correct but for a gay or straight pedophile you are dead wrong.......
That's not true. Studies have been posted here. There is no correlation between adult sexual orientation and the sex of the child the pedophile chooses. It's you who is very ignorant on this subject. Can someone who is a heterosexual target opposite sex kids? Yes. The heterosexual can also target kids of the same sex. He(usually a man) is doing so, not because of his heterosexuality, but because he is a pedophile. The fact that he very well may target an opposite sex kid, doesn't change that. I feel like I am talking to a brick wall. You don't have a sophisticated knowledge of sexuality. You are looking to re-write the textbooks. It's not going to happen.  A pedophile is an adult who is attracted to children. This is not the same category as someone who is gay or straight.  But the problem with priests abusing kids (which is what we've been discussing here) is not just a problem involving pre-pubescent children. I agree that gays are no more likely to be pedophiles than anyone else, but to act like this priest problem is completely isolated from the issue of homosexuality is to bury one's head in the sand. "Many dioceses may have taken care of the victims with adequate counselling, while the priest involved was allowed to resume ministry after a period in a treatment center, followed by approval from the same treatment center to resume ministry away from adolescent youth.  I say adolescent youth - most often male - because over the years, very few priests have been involved in acts of pedophilia. Unfortunately, the few were involved in many acts with children from 1983 to 2000 in Louisiana (Lafayette) and in Massachusetts (Boston - Fall River). The media, however, has made the actions of a few pedophile priests the main problem. Bad as it is, the main problem of errant priestly crimes is not in the area of pedophilia, which is strictly defined as an adult having sexual relations with someone below the age of puberty (12), but rather in the phenomena of priests with homosexual inclinations seeking out vulnerable youth. The secular press refuses to recognize that these priests are actively homosexual, not pedophiles. All such priests are called pedophile priests by the media who said that the Pope called the Cardinals together to solve the problem of "pedophile priests". And so on." http://couragerc.net/ongoing_reflections_on_scandals.htm
Plenty of otherwise heterosexual men, denied heterosexual sexual outlets, will turn to vulnerable young men  No way. After all, that contradicts sexual orientation. Maybe emotionally, but not so easily physically.  This is obvious in prisons and in certain circumstances in the military and in fraternities.  I think you assume too much to think these simply aren't cases of gay people.  And I've read that such cases in prison are actually a lot less common than what is assumed--mostly from urban legends and heresay gossip. Of course it happens, but not as much as people tend to think.  To put those men in the "homosexual" column to excuse those who created the circumstances (the RCC in this case) is dishonest. When the people making this leap in illogic choose to frame the argument as homosexuals going after "young children" as VOR does, it's not just dishonest, it's quite likely sinful.  I don't agree with the RCC's stance on celibacy any more than you do. But to act like these aren't often cases of gay people in the priesthood is ridiculous. It's not a matter of blame or vilification (as far as I'm concerned anyway), but one of simply representing the reality of the situation.
Anyone that does not believe the pedophiles that molested these youg boys were not gay is in a total state of denial........  To bring up the subject of rape is nothing more then a smoke screen to deflect from the issue..........  If the priests were not gay they would have molested young girls too........That is a simple fact that is undeniable no matter how you try and spin it........
Actually Bob, his "targets" were NOT gay. Although Gacy did sodomize this victims, they were largely not homosexual prostetutes as some articles would have the public believe.  My own cousin's best friend was murdered by Gacy. This teenager was not a runaway, a protestute or homosexual. He came from a middle class Des Plaines, IL family, went to Catholic school (although that means very little), but had a part time job working for Gacy's lawncare/construction business.   Granted, his murder is what triggered my cousins belief, as VoR here exemplifies, that all homosexuals are pedophiles. Funny thing is, Gacy himself was sexually oriented as a heterosexual and many of his victims were infact heterosexuals themselves.  The form of torture and abuse prior to the killing of the victims was infact homosexual in nature. But that is not to say that either he or his victims were homosexuals.   Justine, your doing it again..........I never said all homosexuals are pedophiles...........I said the pedophile priests that molested the young boys were gay.............
Many, MANY men in prison have sex with other men. Either they're just doing it with whatever and whomever is available, OR -- according to you -- there are A LOT of gay men in this country.  Or cases of male to male sex in prison are really not as rampant as we in the free world tend to think when imaginations run wild . . . Thats not to say it doesn't happen, but it's not THE thing that defines prison life as some urban legends tend to lead people to believe. Based on accounts I've read, it's not as common as people on the outside think it is.  Again, if you think the percentages of men who will have sex with other men in prison, in the military, in fraternities, in all those cases where females are not readily available, indicates the TRUE number of homosexuals in this country, by all means, shout it from the rooftops. I won't agree with you, but if you can convince this country that we're a HUGE minority, I suspect we'll get further than we would otherwise.  Again, the other possibility (and more plausible one) is that such cases aren't as common as you probably think. Do you actually think there are THAT many cases of male-to-male sex in the military? Do you actually think it's more than isolated instances, and that mostly what does take place is between gay men?
http://www.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/europe/06/18/spain.same.sex.ap/index.html  Good for the Spainards! Personally, I think U.S. conservatives have gotten too complacent these days--we need to protest like this more often. We've gotten to where we lay down too easily and let ourselves get run over too easily by immoralism. These people in Spain are showing great courage--U.S. conservatives could learn a lot from them.
500,000 Spaniards must be right? Hmmm...Ad Populum Fallicy at work! that was not suggested. nothing was said about "being right"  i see it as a comment that liberals are more likely to protest than conservatives.
Spain is primarily a Roman Catholic country.......They will never let the socialists or the left allow gay marriage i nthat country...........  You can take that to the bank
Are you familiar with jyoshu's posting? i respond to posts, not posters.
a belief held by a majority does not mean it is superior to that held by a minority. there is no numerical superiority when it comes to truths, values or morality.
We shall see........Regardless of what the polls say I think the Spanish people will follow the precepts of the RCC and the Pope and vote down by a huge margin any idea of legalizing gay marriage..............
That's true, fracas. However, this thread is predicated on the idea that a large proportion of Spaniards oppose gay marriage, and it will not be allowed in Spain as a result. This premise has been demonstrated to be patently false. that a large proportion of Spaniards oppose gay marriage cannot be declared, as the number of protestors do not attest to such. you have made the claim, the thread starter has not. the original post: http://www.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/europe/06/18/spain.same.sex.ap/index.html  Good for the Spainards! Personally, I think U.S. conservatives have gotten too complacent these days--we need to protest like this more often. We've gotten to where we lay down too easily and let ourselves get run over too easily by immoralism. These people in Spain are showing great courage--U.S. conservatives could learn a lot from them. he did not mention anything about "a great percentage" his emphasis was "the complacency of conservatives" and the courage of demonstrations.  seems to me like a strawman construction on your part,  followed by the erroneous assumption about a "majority" 0.5 million people marched in support of hunting with dogs here. Most of the population still supported a ban on it, by a pretty overwhelming majority. sounds like being blinded by ideology rather than reading what is posted.  thus if "This premise has been demonstrated to be patently false." it is because it was a false premis constructed by you so you could invalidate it.  i've made no assumptions on the original post as the both of you have.
You know that what you call "immoralism" is my life. Why do you hate me so much that you would be willing to deny my the happiness that you take forgranted and as your due?   Maybe for the same reason you insist on calling something "hate" that's not, even after it's been told over and over again to you that it's not.  If you have an opinion about gay rights thats fine.   Apparently not, according to you.
I don't. I think these people value personal liberty in a way most of us can't, due to the fact that they lived under facism. Many of them are old enough to remember Franco.   A friend of mine from Barcelona was a boy when Franco died. Barcelona is the central/capital city for the Catalan culture - one of those that Franco oppressed. My friend would never impose on his personal morality on another, regardless of how he felt about a matter, he remembers what it was like to live under the foot of somebody else's narrow perception of what is or is not acceptable. His parents had to teach him his language in secret, give him a Spanish name and he remembers his grandfather being beaten for not towing the line. Spain consists of three main cultures and langauages and two thirds were oppressed by Franco's regime. That is why they won't oppose this. Regardless of religion, at this point in history the idea of a political group who allows government to meddle in your personal life gaining power in Spain is absolutely laughable - and wil be until all those who lived with oppression are dead.  This is a blatant non sequitor. There is no link between the issue of homosexuality and Franco's opression on various issues. As usual, this isn't about oppression, but about the morality of homosexuality and the govt. writing into law something that's immoral.
Why do you seem so happy that people are fighting against the rights of those of us who are gay?  It's refreshing to see so many people take a moral stand against homosexual marriage. Some of you are right though, they won't convice the socialist govt. to do the right thing, but they are still heros. Like I said I wish conservatives in this country were more willing to take a stand.  It's your opinion that it is immoral based on nothing but your own prejudices. If not, give me a logical reason you believe being gay is immoral.  I don't have to give you any reason at all, logical or not. Asking for a "logical" reason something is moral or immoral is like asking someone to tell you what purple smells like--morality is a philosophical issue, not a strictly objective one. Even so, that doesn't mean people should be prevented from being passionate about it, as you'd like. Many, many people feel that homosexual behavior is immoral. Who are you to tell them they have to believe a different way? Who are you to tell them to abandon their beliefs?  Which is morally correct, freedom or an outmoded standard with no ethical basis? Which is the better value, equality or biggotry? That's the debate here.  Wrong question. The choice is not between equality and bigotry, but sexual vice versus a more wholesome culture.
It's your opinion that it is immoral based on nothing but your own prejudices. If not, give me a logical reason you believe being gay is immoral.  If its not immoral why are 60 to 70 percent of all Americans against gay marriage and don't tell me we are all bigots and homophobes becasue that just make you look worse...........
It has been posted that a majority in Spain favor gay marriage. VoR said he thinks that it's not so because of the RCC. I am stating why I think that it is so, regardless of the RCC. Spaniards don't meddle. This is my opinion on why that may be the case.    Those numbers don't mean anything. I bet they easily match the percentage of Americans who once approved of slavery. Anyway - morality can be pretty subjective. If thing does not harm you - *** off and mind your own business.  Gay marriage is going down the tubes in in the USA and if militant gays keep pushing it so will civil unions........A lot of the states that have and amendment to ban gay marriage also have a clause to ban civil unions....Personally I am not there yet because I have gay friends that want civil unions but if militant gays an liberals keep pushing gay marriage they will lose civil unions too........
When you put those beliefs into action, in terms of discrimination against me, I will object. I will ask why. To which you say, I don't have to tell you. Sounds like the recipe for tyranny.  Mine is an opinion, and always has been, which is perfectly fine to have. I've never been in any position to write laws. I think laws allowing gay marriage are wrong, but I don't truly discriminate against you. In fact, I think it might be the best idea to take marriage out of govt. altogether. For everyone.  How is discriminating against gay people make the culture more wholesome?  The problem is, you haven't been compelling as to why it's a bad form of discrimination in the first place. Your very premise is unproven.
It's odd seeing someone show where Biblical scripture says logic and religion go hand-in-hand or that religion supports logic, when they take any given opportunity elsewhere to portray religion as illogical, such as in their tagline.
Is it your position that religion IS logical?  I always thought that religion was an excercize of faith even when the various myths presented, on any particular religion, are beyond the realms of logic, reason and in many cases reality.  Actually, I tend to agree with you. I think religion calls for faith, which is not always an excercise in reason and logic. Sometimes it can be, but not always. The difference between someone of faith and the rationist-only isn't usually that the person of faith is anti-rationalism, but that they understand that faith is not a bad thing to rely on for moral and religious issues. So I do agree with you for the most part, but I also add that I believe faith is ok too.
If the majority used your reasoning, or lack of, to write laws, we would be in a tyranny.  Oh pease, stop being a drama queen. Most of the U.S. does have it's laws geared the way I feel they should, and the U.S. is clearly not a tyranny.  Imagine if the onus was on women to prove they have the right to vote, blacks to prove they had the right to be free and not have to be slaves.  But women had NO way to vote, and blacks had NO freedom. You've always had the right to marry as society sees marriage. You just want to start doing it a different way.
Because 60 - 70% of Americans are immoral bigotted homophobes (assuming your figures are correct of course, which is highly unlikely). Don't tell me what not to tell you.  Militant gays and liberals are so hateful.........If anyone has a difference of opinion with them all they can say in rebuttal is we are homophobes and bigots..........If you only knew how you are turning off people who are moderate on the issue by your name calling and insults.............  I could care less what you believe about the percentage of people who are anti gay marriage............If you don't believe it though look at how wide a margin the states that have approved amendments are passing them by.........Some 70 and 80 percent voting against it.............I think Oregon which is one of the most liberal states in the U.S. voted to ban gay marriage by close to 60 percent.................  It is probably a lot higher the 60 to 70 percent if you factor in all the states........
I don't hate you, I simply believe your arguments are inherently flawed, you base most of your arguments on your personal beliefs even when faced with facts, numbers, stats and science which disproves your arugments.  I hate when someone attempts to push their personal beliefs off as reason to enact laws which are clearly discrmininatory based solely on that system of beliefs, regardless of fact.       Again, when your arguements are solely based on your personal understanding of your system of beliefs, regardless of facts, indeed you are a bigot.      Whom? Surely you don't mean yourself, because you've shown yourself to be nowhere near "moderate" on these issues.     Really? Then why even bring it up? You're the one who started this thread. Clearly your intentions were to start a conversation over stats. If not, why post it?  Unless you're unaware that it comes across as pure vitriol.      What exactly does Spain have to do with the US?      As I've said, many of those voters didn't realize they were also banning Civil Unions for gays as well. On most of those bans the fact that Civil Unions were included was usually hidden from the general public until it was too late.     All states cannot be factored into your statement about Oregon. Stop being duplicitous. It's transparent.  1. by calling everyone that disagrees with your opinion homophobes and bigots proves you hate them.........  2. my arguments are based on a mulititude of reasons that have been stated over and over again by various people but you are to biased to even consider them..........  3. I never said I was a moderate on the issue of gay marriage..I am totally against it.........  4. I did not start this thread..............  5. Spain like the U.S. is a Christian Gof Fearing country..........  6. So now your saying the voters don't know what they are voting on.........Can you prove that?
How? Because I call lemons Sour doesn't mean I hate them.   If stating facts means someone hates whatever they are stating facts about, then I guess scientists must really hate the earth...I mean they only stated facts when they said it was round!      Non-answer.     Then how are you the designated spokesperson for all moderates? Hmmm...     My error there. At least I can admit that much. But you cannot deny that you have indeed posted to this thread.    Really? The US is "Chrisitan?" Would you mind terribly showing me exactly where in our Constitution it states this?      It's been posted previously. (Hey, if you can use that, so can I)  1. OK then you love what you call homophobes and bigots...... emoticon_rolleyes    2. It was a great answer, problem is you can not rebutt it.....  3. I am not...........I just know what moderate postions are on this issue.......  4. I accept your apology.....  5. The U.S. is about 90 percent made up of Christians..........  6. A cop out..........
I've always suspected that folks who suggest this have really big alimony payments to make every month.  Just a hunch.  Or they're dead-beat dads. One of the two.  Wow, you two don't like libertarians very much, do you?
I do not believe for one second you have gay friends. With the dumb stereotypes you hold and all your preaching - the most you might claim is knowing gay people who may politely put up with you. That, or they don't hear from you what we do.  You can't believe I have gay friends because if it were true, and it is, it would throw out you whole agenda.........My friends are not radical like you.....They have no agenda.......They would like equal rights through civil unions and they feel people like you are hurting that cause by your radicalism...........They think what they believe the majority of gay people believe.......  They want to live their life in peace and harmony and not have their sexual oreintation be and issue..............  They know I am for equal rights for them......They understand why I am gay marriage........They wish radicals like you would just drop the issue........
On a more serious note, I don't much care for people who would leave the consequences of divorce, especially for children, to the good will of the divorced parties. There's more than enough evidence to prove that many men, without alimony and support law, would just as soon watch their ex-wives and their own children starve as help support them.  Well I can't argue with that.
Lastly, if it wasn't for radicals like us, being gay would still be illegal! Rosa would be at the back of the bus (standing) and women would be barefoot and prego in the kitchen. Next time you are enjoying the rights you have...  Whoa there, your post was going great till you put gay lobbyists in the same camp as Rosa Parks and women's rights activists. Do you actually seriously think you are part of that line of activism? Sorry, they weren't pushing immoral living. What you are about isn't even in the same universe as they were. It's not radicalism that gay lobbyists are about. It's not even really equality. It's about wanting to live a certain way and do what you want to do even if it's immoral, to the point of convincing people it's not. And then using marriage as a means to an end to further legitimize it. On a deeper level, it's simply a matter of petty social rebellion.  Sorry, but your movement and what it's about isn't even worthy to look up to Rosa Parks.
Whoa there, your post was going great till you put gay lobbyists in the same camp as Rosa Parks and women's rights activists. Do you actually seriously think you are part of that line of activism? Sorry, they weren't pushing immoral living. What you are about isn't even in the same universe as they were. It's not radicalism that gay lobbyists are about. It's not even really equality. It's about wanting to live a certain way and do what you want to do even if it's immoral, to the point of convincing people it's not. And then using marriage as a means to an end to further legitimize it. On a deeper level, it's simply a matter of petty social rebellion.  Sorry, but your movement and what it's about isn't even worthy to look up to Rosa Parks.  You are exactly right.It has very little to do with gay Marriage....Its all about a small group of gays and a whole bunch of Liberals who want their sexual orientation accepted as a suitable alternate life style.......They want to be able to teach our kids that the sex acts they perform are perfectly normal.......I don't care what they do in the privacy of their bedrooms but it will never be accepted as a suitable alternative lifestyle.......  Sorry
well son, that is where you are wrong, and one day you will see that! See it is radicals like me that will someday wipe these ideas that homsexuality isn't a civil right. That barring us from jobs and housing, and that beating us to the ground with baseball bats is a thing of the past. It will take time, but soon people who think like you will be called what you are!  You call it social rebellion because you have never been fired from a job for being gay, you have never been beaten with baseball bats because you are gay, you have never had rocks thrown at you while you waited for the bus while they car yelled "******", you didn't have "******" painted on your school locker, you didn't have to shake in a bit a fear everytime a group of roudy teens gets on the bus with you. You don't have to hear the Pope call you the AXIS OF EVIL, you don't have to keep the pictures of your partner in a drawer while everyone else has a wedding pic on their desk.  That is a different issue. The problems you are talking about here aren't that homosexual living should be legitimate, but that people shouldn't say and do hateful things even when what they are addressing IS immoral. Of course people should refrain from throwing things and yelling insults at you and others. In my book, that goes without saying. But that has no bearing on the issue of immoralism and homosexual living. Regarding the picture on the desk issue, you shouldn't be surprised at peoples' reaction to that--it's considered an immoral way of life.
But that is the point, it IS NOT IMMORAL, murder is immoral. You don't even need to be a believer to know that. Homosexuality would be immoral if those of us that are homosexual chose to be, I didn't choose to be, I just am! My existience as myself is not immoral.   Actually, I agree with you that what you don't choose, and what you are inside is not immoral. That's never been my contention. It's behavior that's always immoral--acting on desires when those actions are clearly wrong.
And this is a bad thing?  I have to accept and have your sick hetrosexual lifestyle thrust in my face, on every street corner, tv show, and magazine. The worst thing is that when someone I first meet assumes I am hetrosexual, makes my skin crawl. I am only wanting the same thing you hetros demand of me. You make the false assumtion that you are normal but from my POV you are the sick ones involved in a sick nasty lifestyle.  hetrosexual lifestyle is the norm my friend in case you have not noticed......  The vast majority of all Americans believe that the homosexual life style is and abnormal one...........You can not change that...........
That is a different issue. The problems you are talking about here aren't that homosexual living should be legitimate, but that people shouldn't say and do hateful things even when what they are addressing IS immoral. Of course people should refrain from throwing things and yelling insults at you and others. In my book, that goes without saying. But that has no bearing on the issue of immoralism and homosexual living. Regarding the picture on the desk issue, you shouldn't be surprised at peoples' reaction to that--it's considered an immoral way of life.   I think the majority would agree on that.............  I don't want gays discrimmanated in housing or jobs...That has nothing to do with changing the definition of marriage though............
Try again, here, read this SOURCE...:   Religious Idenitifcation   It would be of your benefit to notice this comment within the page:     When will you learn? If you're going to make an outrageous claim you sure as anything better be willing to back it up!      One you've utilized on several occassions. What's good enough for you....;)  1. 90 percent may not be christian but 90 percent believe in God and the principles he teaches........
Which actions are these that are clearly wrong? Loving another person? Wanting to commit to loving that person for the rest of your life? Physically expressing your love with that person in private? What objective measure of morality do you have that says that any of these actions are wrong?  Having sex with a person of the same sex is morally wrong as advocated by most major religions...........
Really, In 1984 only 36% of americans felt homosexuality was abnormal. now in 2005 that number is around 56%. (Gallup poll) I am thinking it has changed. I am thinking that 15 years ago there would never have been "will and grace" now there is....  Times are a changin and yes we can change that and we have!  If you think that because there are gay programs on TV that people are willing to say that the gay sex is not abnormal then your living in a dream world.........  It just means straights are tolerant..........It does not mean that straight people accept gay marriage...........See all the amendments states are approving against it and by the huge margins.......
Doesn't mean that they don't pick and choose what they agree with or not about what he teaches.  Well why are all these amendments against gay marriage being approved by such huge margins, especially in the bible belt and the red states?
all these ammendments, 18 out of 50 states is not all these ammendments.  Most were misrepresented to the public on the ballot. That is also the reason some are being repealed. The were unconstituionally put on the ballot!  You are not making your case here man!  That is just the beginning all states that have DOMAs and that is around 40 states will soon be passing amendments to so they can protect their DOMAs.........  There have none been repealed..........A judge in nebraska has ruled against the one for the wording but it is under appeal and if you think one liberal judge who writes the law instead of interpreting it by disinfranchising the lawful vote of 70 percent of the people in the state will hold up then as someone once said I would love to sell you some waterfront property in Missouri.........
I thought most religions believe God is good and doesn't make mistakes.  Why then did He create homosexuals? Why create any minorities at all?  Most of those who feel homosexuals are vile and immoral don't believe in a Christian God then.  He did not create gays.........They make a choice to practice gay sex........They can also make a choice to stop it and thousands do.........
He did create gays. They have no choice about it. They can choose not to have sex, but so can you. Doesn't change your sexual nature.   They can chose to get married to someone ofthe opposite sex, have chidren and a family like Ann Heche did.............Oh wait Justine said she was not a lesbian/ emoticon_rolleyes
I'm a Christian who believes that homosexuality is perfectly normal. I have read the bible and studied many civilizations and I can't come up with one passage from God or Jesus which disrespects homosexuality. Now, I have read other passages in the bible which were written by humans and taken out of context by some of today's leading bigots. You stated that gays made a choice to practice same sex and they can change. How do you explain gay folks who never had sex before or gay folks who are celibate? We respect the fact that you're heterosexual. However, please don't condemn us because we are different. That's evil and wrong.  I am sorry Mel but you don't sound like any christian I have ever met........Maybe your one of those small sects that brokle off from the episcopal church and have a gay bishop but traditional christianity
VoR, the church wordwide has long agreed than the central doctrines of Christian faith are contained in the creeds of the Apostles, and of Nicene. Beyond this, if there is no biblical contradiction, which there is not on homosexuality, all interpretations can justifiably be called Christian.  No, the creeds don't specifically address murder, yet the interpretation that it's ok is certainly NOT considered Christian. I could think of many such examples.
Those of you who don't trust "gay news sources" might want to wait a few hours until the str8 [mainstream] press picks up the story.  We will, trust me. An objective source is always better.
VoR, the church wordwide has long agreed than the central doctrines of Christian faith are contained in the creeds of the Apostles, and of Nicene. Beyond this, if there is no biblical contradiction, which there is not on homosexuality, all interpretations can justifiably be called Christian.  Here we go again........The RCC believes that the sex acts that gays engage in is a mortal sin just like any other mortal sin.........The Pope has said fay marriage is and abomination..........  As far as the sin goes, I am a sinner so I don't throw stones.........as far as Gay marriage goes I am against it because my church teaches me that but that is not the main reason...........I have spoken about the bucket of worms that would happen if gays were allowed to marry.........
Gay marriage shouldn't be an issue. Marriage is a religious ceremony. If we have separation of church and state then the state shouldn't have anything to do with marriage. Giving tax breaks and insurance breaks to those who are married is not right. Why should the government care about your marriage? That is too much government interference. So yea marriage should be between a man and a women but the government shouldnt have any say in that anyway. So if two gays what to say they are married nothing should stop them although I believe they're not.
Marriage is also legally binding. Tax breaks? Ever hear of the Marriage Penalty?
I have done some reading on the marriage penalty and there might be some truth to what your saying although you do get insurance breaks. I still say that marriage should be a religious ceremony of two people and the government should have no agenda in the matter. here is a site you should look at. http://moneycentral.msn.com/content/Taxes/P48908.asp
I have done some reading on the marriage penalty and there might be some truth to what your saying although you do get insurance breaks. I still say that marriage should be a religious ceremony of two people and the government should have no agenda in the matter. here is a site you should look at. http://moneycentral.msn.com/content/Taxes/P48908.asp You have much to learn, my young padawan.
As do you. What, to be "open-minded?" or to embrace your definition of "tolerance?"
I like bassman but i disagree with him on some issues. I really think marriage is between a man and a women but whos to stop homosexuals from making any kind of bonding commitment. The government cannot control your life or anything. Personally I dont want the government involved in my marriage when I have one. Thats great that you and your partner have a relationship like that and have made a bond. I do not think homosexuality is a choice because I cannot choose to not be arroused by women. If i wanted to be arroused by men i couldnt so therefore it is not a choice.
Jesus proved a lot of the Old Testament wrong when he came to earth. Whos to say he didnt prove homosexuality wrong too. Men look at homosexuality as disgusting so no wonder they would call it a sin.
I like bassman but i disagree with him on some issues. I really think marriage is between a man and a women but whos to stop homosexuals from making any kind of bonding commitment. The government cannot control your life or anything. Personally I dont want the government involved in my marriage when I have one. Thats great that you and your partner have a relationship like that and have made a bond. I do not think homosexuality is a choice because I cannot choose to not be arroused by women. If i wanted to be arroused by men i couldnt so therefore it is not a choice. actually, marriage is the government's concern. marriage has a lot of legal attachments, such as change of surname, identity, income status, etc. the same argument could be made about the government interferring with private employment. these things are regulated by the government because its in the government benefits from nuclear families, as it benefits from an employed workforce. the govrnment offers rewards and incentives for these things, but also expects participants to play by the governemt's rules in turn  concerning homosexual marriage, allowing this type of legal union also raises the question of multiple partner marriages, or marriage of siblings/close family. the issue of legality will inevitably come up, and the word "marriage" becomes more of a "legal partnership (with sexual benefits lol)". it could potentially be a very tangled web, and that has nothing to do with biblical rhetoric  in the case of marriage, for instance, it is recognized that the family takes the surname of the husband. in a gay union, where you either have 2 husbands, or no husbands, this is a serious issue for the government. there are lots of other considerations that must be ironed out from a legalistic standpoint before the concept of gay marriage can be really pushed forward  with that said, i think gay-marriage lobbies and activists are wasting a lot of time and resources by even entertaining the religious aspect of marriage. as far as marriage is concerned, the church is optional. in fact, the only reason why most weddings are held in a church is because of tradition. there really is no logical need for the church to be the authority on marriage. particularly for gay unions, its not as though the gays hope that god blesses their marriage. gays usually have contempt for the bible-based churches, particularly because the bible clearly speaks of homosexuality as an abomination. yet the very gays are making every effort to get the church's approval? this makes no sense to me  if gays drop the war against religion and focus their efforts on where it really counts, i.e., the legal aspect, then their cause would advance a lot more, imo
with that said, i think gay-marriage lobbies and activists are wasting a lot of time and resources by even entertaining the religious aspect of marriage. as far as marriage is concerned, the church is optional. in fact, the only reason why most weddings are held in a church is because of tradition. there really is no logical need for the church to be the authority on marriage. particularly for gay unions, its not as though the gays hope that god blesses their marriage. gays usually have contempt for the bible-based churches, particularly because the bible clearly speaks of homosexuality as an abomination. yet the very gays are making every effort to get the church's approval? this makes no sense to me  I think part of the reason they pander to religion even though they hate it is that they know that they have little choice. Religion is a very powerful influence on our culture. If most of religion is against something, it's pretty much a given that society is going to be against it, at large. Religion has also been the catalyst for many of the major social changes in history. Many of the black civil rights leaders came out of evangelical churches. I think gays would love to see that happen with their movement, but for the most part it hasn't because church people usually recognize the differences between these two movements.
Many gay activists have come out of the churches. Mainly Unitarian, Baptist, and the UCC. Not all christians believe homosexuality is a sin. The ones that do believe it is a sin tend to be louder.  I guarantee you if you compared the numbers, you'll find a lot more churches that DO believe it's a sin than those who don't. In the case of black civil rights coming out of evangelical chuches, most of them also believed homosexual behavior was a sin and many still do.
I think part of the reason they pander to religion even though they hate it is that they know that they have little choice. Religion is a very powerful influence on our culture. If most of religion is against something, it's pretty much a given that society is going to be against it, at large. Religion has also been the catalyst for many of the major social changes in history. Many of the black civil rights leaders came out of evangelical churches. I think gays would love to see that happen with their movement, but for the most part it hasn't because church people usually recognize the differences between these two movements. exactly, and right here is where we need to break the influence of religion from society. its much harder than it sounds, but it can be done, and i believe it will be well worth the effort  first of all, religion appeals to the emotions. the less facts and information, the better. interestingly enough, political campaigns follows this exact formula.   what this county needs is a mental rennaisance. that way they will form the habit of thinking critically and looking for facts, rather than being swayed by emotional string-pulling. and i think the time and generation is just right for such a revolution  from an emotional level, people want to believe that god exists because they want to think theres a higher authority for right and wrong. realistically, right and wrong has been always determined by people, even when its under the guise of coming from god. this is key. not an easy pill to swallow, but vital  once people learn to question everything, and not see any single individual as an absolute authority on anything (also born out of the concept of god), more facts will be revealed, more intelligent decisions will be made, and issues like gay marriage will be fought in the right arena
actually, marriage is the government's concern. marriage has a lot of legal attachments, such as change of surname, identity, income status, etc. the same argument could be made about the government interferring with private employment. these things are regulated by the government because its in the government benefits from nuclear families, as it benefits from an employed workforce. the govrnment offers rewards and incentives for these things, but also expects participants to play by the governemt's rules in turn  concerning homosexual marriage, allowing this type of legal union also raises the question of multiple partner marriages, or marriage of siblings/close family. the issue of legality will inevitably come up, and the word "marriage" becomes more of a "legal partnership (with sexual benefits lol)". it could potentially be a very tangled web, and that has nothing to do with biblical rhetoric  in the case of marriage, for instance, it is recognized that the family takes the surname of the husband. in a gay union, where you either have 2 husbands, or no husbands, this is a serious issue for the government. there are lots of other considerations that must be ironed out from a legalistic standpoint before the concept of gay marriage can be really pushed forward  with that said, i think gay-marriage lobbies and activists are wasting a lot of time and resources by even entertaining the religious aspect of marriage. as far as marriage is concerned, the church is optional. in fact, the only reason why most weddings are held in a church is because of tradition. there really is no logical need for the church to be the authority on marriage. particularly for gay unions, its not as though the gays hope that god blesses their marriage. gays usually have contempt for the bible-based churches, particularly because the bible clearly speaks of homosexuality as an abomination. yet the very gays are making every effort to get the church's approval? this makes no sense to me  if gays drop the war against religion and focus their efforts on where it really counts, i.e., the legal aspect, then their cause would advance a lot more, imo   Why does anyone taking someones last name have anything to do with the governments business. I understand why the government has to take some part if theres no legal document stating that your married then if something happens to your partner then you have no say so. I guess although I would like less government action in my personal life. If they want to have civil unions that is perfectly alright with me. Because I understand that it must hurt really bad to love another person and just because its not socially acceptable you can't have that person say what happens to you if you were on life support or something.
A closed mind is a wonderful thing to lose. Or at least, that's what they say these days. You don't have to embrace my specific definition of tolerance, no. I don't expect you to. But I do expect you to realize that I won't conform to yours either.  I think bassman may be alittle closed minded. I agree with him on alot of issues which is gotten me called closed minded. The only way to not be able to grasp the concept that you have no choice in what you find attractive is to be closed minded. God destroyed the kingdom of Sodom and Gomorrah because of violence and rape not because they were raping guys. Anything you can say about how the bible condems homosexuality goes out the window.
While indeed marriage was once a religious ceremony, it is fairly clear that ceremony has been taken away from the religion and added as an American tradition, so to speak. I know of someone who once proposed that we get rid of marriage altogther and give everyone civil unions except for thos acknowledged by the church. As feasible as that may be, marriage is too rooted in our American culture. For that reason it is best to truly offer rights to everyone as our constitution so rightly protects.  That was put nicely. No argument here. Maybe marriage should be taken out and give everyone civil unions. And if you wanted to be considered married it can be your religious ceremony
Many gay activists have come out of the churches. Mainly Unitarian, Baptist, and the UCC. Not all christians believe homosexuality is a sin. The ones that do believe it is a sin tend to be louder.  Whether homosexuality is a sin or not is really not up for debate. The Christian faith believes in the Bible and the Bible is very clear on the issue. If the church doesn't believe in the Bible then I would argue they are not Christian.
It is not agreed upon that the bible is clear on the issues. Some say the bible say one thing, others say it declares spmething else. You are wrong on that!  what are you smoking? The Bible is insanly clear on the issue.  Romans 1 26:27 For this cause God gave them up unto vile affections: for even their women did change the natural use into that which is against nature: And likewise also the men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burned in their lust one toward another; men with men working that which is unseemly, and receiving in themselves that recompence of their error which was meet.  1 Corinthians 6:9 9Do you not know that the wicked will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived: Neither the sexually immoral nor idolaters nor adulterers nor male prostitutes nor homosexual offenders
Whether homosexuality is a sin or not is really not up for debate. The Christian faith believes in the Bible and the Bible is very clear on the issue. If the church doesn't believe in the Bible then I would argue they are not Christian.  I would argue that you are not very bright and refuse to use your mind. The christian religion is based on Christ not on mens interpretation of what God wants. When Jesus came he showed the Pharisees and men of God how wrong they were and he would come back today and show the same thing because men get it wrong. Jesus never condemed homosexuality. He never condoned capital punishment either. Those both seem to be the natural thoughts of hetero sexual males. Who A. Embraced the natural feelings toward people who murder. B. Looked upon homosexuality as disgusting. The church doesn't get everything right. There was only one man who got everything right and that was Jesus Christ. Men are the reason so many hate the christian religion because they see it for what it is. If you taught was Jesus taught then people would understand because he taught virtues we all find true to our hearts.
I take the Anglican church as an example. It does comitment ceremonies for same-sex couples(in Vancouver), has a gay bishop from the U.S. It has women as priests. It has done this within western society, but it's really causing problems with the African congregations who feel they can't accept it because of their society.   The African churches are in large part against gay priests, yes. They are determined to hold to orthodox beliefs. They've been very vocal about it.  In the U.S. the United Church of Christ recently came out in favour of same-sex marriage. This was perhaps influenced by changes within American society.  I'm sure you are correct and I think it probably goes both ways.
As for Corinthians, in its original Greek, Paul didn't use the commonly understood Greek term for male homosexuals of that period, so it is open to interpretation what he meant  If he were condeming homosexuals specifically, he would have surely used the term.  Gee, I guess if someone today refers to gay people as "XXXXXX" instead of "gays" (the commony understood english term for male homosexuals), would THAT be open to interpretation? Surely one would use the normally used term today, right? Yours is not a very compelling argument.  One has to work a lot harder to interpret the Bible in a gay friendly way than to simply be honest about it and see it for what it is. I've always thought it was odd that some gays try to paint the Bible in a gay friendly light while bashing it and it's followers at pretty much any opportunity.
Some believe that is a problem with translation and interpretation. For example in Romans, the reference was to acts involving idol worship, and acts which went against someone's personal nature. For example the men were really hetersexual, but they performed same-sex sexual acts, acts which went against their heterosexual nature. I have a bit of a problem with the notion that God could give people up to sexual things. What control does God have here to give up? Makes one a little squeemish. Is that really how you want to see your God?  As for Corinthians, in its original Greek, Paul didn't use the commonly understood Greek term for male homosexuals of that period, so it is open to interpretation what he meant. He could have been merely referring to immoral or exploitative relationships. If he were condeming homosexuals specifically, he would have surely used the term. Also, your version, the NIV, I believe, uses the term "homosexual offenders". That doesn't refer to all homosexuals. For example, if we saw the term "heterosexual offenders", we wouldn't take that to refer to all heterosexuals, only to the bad among that group. Mistranslated some 3-4 times. I don't think so. I suggest not using relgious tolerance.org for your arguements by the way. Homosexual offenders could mean all homosexuals and probably does. If it referred to sexual offenders in general it would have said so. To say that these are all mistranslations is a bit of a stretch and seems as if you are trying to twist words into making it say what you wish it to say. It just is what it is.    I would argue that you are not very bright and refuse to use your mind I would argue that you have not refuted what it says in the Bible. Christians believe the Bible is the Word of God. Jesus happens to be God. To say that Jesus did not say everything would not be accurate. The Bible is very clear on the issue of homosexuality and I would say that if one can not see this then how can they say they know God?  On a side note, I would hope in the future you would refrain from calling me "not very bright". I tend to give one warning as many know.
Well, the term Paul used referred to having loose morals. That's way too broad. He didn't use some other term that specifically referred to homosexuals. Mine is indeed a compelling argument.   And the term "XXXXX" has had a different meaning too, that doesn't mean it is not often used to refer to gay people. Plus, he used the term you are talking about even though he had already talked about 'loose morals' in the passage by saying 'sexually immoral'. It's unlikely he would be redundant.  Bashing the bad things, they use it for, not the good things.  I wish that were the case.
Mistranslated some 3-4 times. I don't think so. I suggest not using relgious tolerance.org for your arguements by the way. Homosexual offenders could mean all homosexuals and probably does. If it referred to sexual offenders in general it would have said so. To say that these are all mistranslations is a bit of a stretch and seems as if you are trying to twist words into making it say what you wish it to say.  That's exactly what it is.  I've always thought it was kind of odd that some gay people, who otherwise could care less about the Bible and God, will go out of their way to engage in interpretive and hermaneutic gymnastics to avoid standard interpretations about homosexual behavior. I don't understand why they don't just go ahead and simply disagree with the Bible as they do in so many other cases. Do they really think they are going to convince Christendom to abandon centuries of standard Biblical understanding, common sense, and basic translation by arguing the Bible is gay-sex friendly? Of all the arguments the gay lobby engages in, this one is the one that I find most bizarre. It's one where many people who have not cared a bit about the Bible (even attacking it at times) suddenly try to make it their ally or become instant Biblical scholars and try to overturn pretty much mostly all of Biblical scholarship on this subject over time. It just seems to me it would be easier, and certainly more consistent with their other positions on things, to simply take issue with the Bible and disagree with it.
"It is extremely revealing to note that almost every pro-gay group within the church shares one thing in common: they reject the Bible as being fully the Word of God. Of the above mentioned denominations which have accepted homosexuality or are sympathetic to it, none of them believe that we have God's inerrant Word in the Old and New Testaments. Likewise, the many pro-homosexual books that have come out almost all reject - or even ridicule - the church's historic stance on the inspiration and authority of Scripture.   Three different lines of attack on Scripture are found in the various pro-homosexual literature. The first is simply to ignore the biblical writers on the grounds that they were men who oftentimes made mistakes, and thus to reject what Scripture says as being morally authoritative. Thus John Barton states that "the Bible is not a code at all; it is a big baggy compendium of a book, full of variety and inconsistency, sometimes mistaken on matters of fact and theology alike."17 And elsewhere, in John Boswell's widely cited work, we find: "In considering the supposed influence of certain biblical passages...one must first relinquish the concept of a single book containing a uniform corpus of writings accepted as morally authoritative."18   A second attack relates to the first - that is, the biblical writers were ignorant about homosexuality. They did not know all that we do today, it is argued, and so we must judge and interpret the Bible with our modern understanding of biology, psychology, sociology, and so forth. "With the quantum leaps that have been achieved in biology, psychology, and sociology, minds in the twentieth and twenty-first centuries must subject traditional religious arguments about nature to more thorough and critical analyses."19   It is not within the purview of this article to give a detailed defense of the inspiration and reliability of the Bible.20 However, the simple response to these attacks is that both Judaism and Christianity have always held to the full authority of Scripture, as did Jesus Himself. In speaking of the Old Testament, for example, our Lord succinctly declared: "Scripture cannot be broken" (John 10:35)."  http://www.equip.org/free/DH055-2.htm  Do you not know that the wicked will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived: Neither the sexually immoral nor idolaters nor adulterers nor male prostitutes nor homosexual offenders... (1 Cor. 6:9, NIV)   "In both 1 Corinthians 6:9 and 1 Timothy 1:10 the apostle Paul states that those guilty of sexual immorality will not inherit the kingdom of God. At the time Paul wrote his letters there was no word in classical, biblical, or patristic Greek which corresponded with our English term "homosexual." Instead, homosexual behavior was described (e.g., Rom. 1:26-27). The words Paul uses here - malakoi ("male prostitute") and arsenokoitai ("homosexual offenders") - have been translated in different ways. Because of this those condoning homosexuality have tried to lessen the impact of these verses, saying that all Paul was condemning was either homosexual prostitution or pederasty (i.e., men having sexual relations with boys).34   Virtually every Greek lexicon, however, including all of the standard English ones, has understood these words (especially arsenokoitai) to be referring to homosexuality. 35 Arndt and Gingrich's lexicon says malakoi refers to persons who are "soft, effeminate, especially of catamites, men and boys who allow themselves to be misused homosexually."36 Likewise, arsenokoites means "a male homosexual, pederast, sodomite."37   We also find these terms in classical Greek literature (e.g., Lucian and Aristotle) "sometimes applied to obviously gay persons."38 As well, if Paul were only condemning certain types of homosexuality he would certainly have specified this. Instead, he used a term directly based on the Greek Septuagint translation of the prohibitions against homosexuality in Leviticus:   meta arsenos ou koimethese koiten  gynaikos (Lev. 18:22)  koimethe meta arsenos koiten  gynaikos (Lev. 20:13)39   Paul, a rabbi thoroughly trained in the Torah, was certainly mindful of these Levitical condemnations and the Septuagint translation of them when he chose his wording in 1 Corinthians and 1 Timothy." 
Why does anyone taking someones last name have anything to do with the governments business. I understand why the government has to take some part if theres no legal document stating that your married then if something happens to your partner then you have no say so. I guess although I would like less government action in my personal life. If they want to have civil unions that is perfectly alright with me. Because I understand that it must hurt really bad to love another person and just because its not socially acceptable you can't have that person say what happens to you if you were on life support or something. because your last name is your identification, and identification is the government's concern. it has everything to do with your citizenship, family history and place in society. how could your last name NOT be the government's concern?
We don't just benefit from what is often considered the common, nuclear family. We benefit from families with adopted children, step children, families with no children at all.  a married couple as the head of a home is considered a nuclear family  Prove it will come up, and also prove it will come up as a result of same-sex marriage. it already has. the question of legality is what this whole issue is about. marriage is a legal instituation, how could legality NOT come up.   Marriage is that now.yes it is  You're right, it has nothing to do with the Bible. It has everything to do with the slippery slope logical fallacy, which we've discussed in the forum ad nauseum. It only shows that those opposed do not have an argument. You know the prospect of incest and polygamy is much less socially acceptable than gay marriage, so you try to erroneously tie polygamy and incest to gay marriage in people's mind to strike fear in them, and hope their logical reasoning can be replaced by irrational fear. whoa... hold up... are you saying that only because gay marriage is less unacceptable that incestuous relations, that its ok to grant gay marriage but not sibling marriage?? if the incestuous society begin to parade and protest, until society accepts them on the level that they accept gays now, what will you say then? on what grounds should we discriminate against 2 siblings wanting to get married, particularly if they believe they truly love each other, or if they believe that they were born with that attraction? this is classic hypocracy. if 2 siblings want to love each other in their private lives, how is that any business of yours? and what does irrational fear have to do with anything? do you have an irrational fear of an incestuous or polygamous lifestyle? based on what?  give me one reason why society shouldnt accept an incestuous relation between two consenting adults
give me one reason why society shouldnt accept an incestuous relation between two consenting adults  It strikes me that anyone arguing for gay marriage but not the examples you give are not really arguing for equality at all, but simply for the line to be drawn in a different place. The real issue in the marriage debate, when it's all boiled down, is whether marriage is to be broadened or not. The only way someone can make a consistent, non-hypocritical argument in favor of equality when it comes to marriage is to talk of extending marriage to ANY sort of arrangement that could ever come up, such as the one in your example. Otherwise, we're really just talking about moving the line a bit, which still wouldn't be equality.
I should just mention here that this is a debate, and such insults will happen. If they do, it is appropriate to point them out, as you have done. However, I would not mind if you left out the threat about only giving one warning; such threats should not be necessary in a debate between the two of you, both of whose intentions seem good. It isn't a threat...it is just what I am going to do. I am not going to deal with someone insulting on these forums.   As for the homosexuality thing. Trying to explain away 24 ways (http://www.skepticsannotatedbible.com/gay/long.htm) that homosexuality is not in the Bible seems foolish. Saying "well it may mean something else" still doesn't refute that it might mean homosexuals. I happen to think it is very clear when it is referred to 24 so times. Not to mention the that in back then homosexuals were punished by death. It just seems like people are trying to make the Bible say something they want it to say. You just can't do that. It is what it is and you either believe it or you don't. Christians believe the Bible holds all the answers, you just have to find it. I believe this is true and we know what the Bible says about homosexuality, abortion, and every other "issue" of today. If you don't believe that, then don't be a Christian.
jaxian, again, what exactly do you think will be achieved by trying to prove that paul was not speaking out against homosexuals? paul spoke out about dozens of activities as abominations, including gamblers, revelers, adulterers, prostitutes, fornicators and extorters. yet why is it that there is so much doubt that paul could have possibly included homosexuals? do you see the gamblers or partiers or fornicators looking through tons of greek and hebrew translations to show that paul didnt mean there activities werent sinful? why is it that in society we can all agree that the bible against all these things, yet nobody gives a damn about that, yet when homosexuality is included, we all become bible scholars?  listen, you will NOT find anything in the bible that suggets that homosexuality is ok. you will find plenty instances in the bible where murder, mutilation, torture and slavery were endorsed. but homosexuality? forget it.  the solution is simple. do what all the other gamblers, revelers, adulterers, prostitutes, fornicators and extorters are doing. leave the bible alone, acknowledge that homosexuality is indeed a sin as far as the bible is concerned, and just go about your business. society has accepted gambling, partying, prostitution, fornication and extortion as questionable but "ok if it feels ok", dispite what the bible says about it. what is the deal?
It is absolutely possible to believe that same-sex marriage is a good thing while incestuous marriage is not.  jaxian, please elaborate. the question was directed to jakecjb, and now to you.  on what grounds it is ok believe that gay marriage is ok, and incestuous marriage is not? (i'm not saying that this is your position, but could you justify this kind of reasoning?)
Do you still make this claim? Have I not stated numerous times that we argue for equality, but only when equality makes sense? Have I not explained that equality is appropriate in the case of same-sex marriage because there are no harms of same-sex marriage?  You could make the argument that incenstuous marriages can be conducted without harm, just as you can argue that gay marriage can have no harm.  My point still stands because other relationships CAN come about without harm if the parties give proper consent. Pedophilia is an exception to this, which is harmful. But you are simply wrong if you think polygamy cannot be conducted without harm, or incestuous marriages, for that matter.   The idea that anyone who argues in support of same-sex marriage must also argue in support of incestuous marriage or be hypocritical is absurd and untrue. It is absolutely possible to believe that same-sex marriage is a good thing while incestuous marriage is not.  It is possible, sure. Nevertheless, two people could certainly enter into an incenstuous marriage without harm to anyone if they try hard enough.  That being said, I am still interested in your answer to unkerpaulie. I believe you have used it as an opportunity to call gay rights supporters hypocritical, which is fine (except that I disagree), but can you name a good reason that society should deny incestuous marriage?  Not any reason you'd like, because the reasons I'd give are rooted in religion, just like my reasons for opposing gay marrriage.
The argument against incestuous marriage would have to be that incestuous marriage would, on a whole or on average, cause more harm than it would good;  Right, but either way, since it is obvious a couple can definitely engage in this sort of relationship without harm, then the same arguements could be made to extend marriage to them too. So again, if you don't include them in your push for equality, then you are really simply only arguing to "move the line" a bit. One can rationalize either sort of relationship to be harmless.
Then what may lead to incest and polygamy is the fact that marriage is a legal institution, is that what you are saying? If so, these things may come up equally as a result of straight legal marriage or gay legal marriage or interracial legal marriage, or legal inter-faith marriage or legal marriage with legal divorce, etc. It doesn't relate specifically to gay legal marriage at all.  thats not what im saying. what may lead to incestuous marriage is if siblings or related people who love each other and want to live together under the legal union of marriage. and what may lead to polygamous marriage is 3 or more people who love each other and want to live together under the legal union of marriage. do you see a pattern here?  I was saying this is how many people attempt an argument against gay marriage, by attempting to incite fear by spouting off a parade of horribles that have nothing to do with the issue of gay marriage. What if straight people are married and winged green monkeys come flying out of everyone's derriere in the future? What will you do then? Demonstrate how gay marriage specifically relates to incest and incestuous marriage and polygamy.   This is the gay rights forum, not the incest forum. ooooh.. nice way to snake out of the issue...   let me refresh your memoryYou know the prospect of incest and polygamy is much less socially acceptable than gay marriage, so you try to erroneously tie polygamy and incest to gay marriage in people's mind to strike fear in them, and hope their logical reasoning can be replaced by irrational fear. since you brought it up, what exactly does the social acceptance of any type of "taboo" relationship have to do with their right to be legally married? is there a certain limit of "tabooness", and if youre past that limit then no marriage for you? and what fear are you talking about? i'm talking about people that love each other and want to tie the knot. how could that possibly strike fear in somebody? please....
With the presentation of a different source by Jyoshu, claiming that the words of the Paul do indeed indicate homosexuality. This being the case, we must determine which source is accurate and which is not. Being a supporter of gay rights, I will attempt to find flaws in Jyoshu's source (Gudel).  The sources this author uses here are interesting to note. The first important one, source 35 suggests that every virtually every Greek Lexicon has understood those words to be referring to homosexuality. However, if you note the sources at the bottom, you can see that this claim comes from a book by John Bowers called Christianity, Social Tolerance, and Homosexuality. It claims that in that book, Boswell "proposes that homosexuals were accepted before the 13th century, and then intolerance sets in." Furthermore, it is the same source (source 34) that Jyoshu's author used above to reference the argument that the Bible does not actually oppose homosexuality. In such a book, the claim that just about every Greek Lexicon understands those words to refer to homosexuality likely comes with an explanation of how that does not truly indicate the intentions of the Bible.   It seems to me that even if that's the case, it doesn't weaken Gudel's argument. These are two different things to consider, not the same. Furthermore, it could be argued that for a source claiming homosexuality is permissible in the Bible to claim that just about every Greek Lexicon understands those words to refer to homosexuality only makes it that much harder for your side to refute--it could be seen as an admission from Boswell.   The second importan sources here, sources 36 and 37, come from A Greek-English Lexicon of the New Testament and Other Early Christian Literature, which, by the sound of it, based its translations on the common Biblical translations at the time, not on the fashion in which the Greek would have used them.   How do you figure? Typically lexicons are based on numerous things, one definitely being writings in the original languages. (in this case, non-Biblical, but still Greek from the period.)  This is further evidenced in the fact that it lists "sodomite" in one of its definitions, for surely the Greek would not have had a word for a city which did not exist in their mythology.  Perhaps the lexicon simply translated the greek word for homosexual to "sodomite." (A common term earlier in the 20th century and before.) I don't see why this would reflect on the author's premise that most Greek Lexicons understand those words to refer to homosexuality.  This essay is written by James Young, and it argues that Paul was indeed referring to homosexuality. However, it also provides a more complete and balanced summary of the arguments of his opponents, including Boswell. I find the arguments provided by his opponents, especially Boswell, to be more compelling than the arguments against them listed by Young himself.  I urge you to read Boswell's interpretation of the word on pages 3-6 of that article. He provides a very compelling argument suggesting that Paul created this term because he had no other appropriate way of referring to male prostitutes.  Heh, well I find Young to be more compelling. :) Paul may have just as easily wanted to use his own term for homosexuals to show in terminology that they are offensive by having homosexual behavior ("homosexual offenders"). Either way, I don't don't see Boswell's view any more compelling.  however it does not seem likely to me that Paul would create a new word to describe something for which the words to describe it already existed.  I doubt there was a word in place that indentified both homosexual relations AND it's offensiveness, in one word. Maybe there was, but I doubt it.
This is a debate forum, and I post here with the intent of having an enjoyable debate. Further, promoting the belief that homosexuality is acceptable, in whatever fashion, increases the chances of equal rights being granted under the law, which I believe is not currently the case.  So what reason is there that I should not participate in a Biblical debate? If nothing else, I (and hopefully the others involved) have enjoyed the debate. i'm not saying you shouldnt feel free to debate the bible. im just pointing out that the exercise is futile for 2 main reasons. first of all, history has already proven that being in agreement with the bible has very little correlation to being legal. if the legality of something relied on the bible, then fornication, gambling, prostitution, body tatooing and partying, to name a few, would all be illegal. second, regardless of how you translate the words of paul, or the old testament, you will always get the same thing. the bible is against homosexuality  so, like i said, feel free to pursue the issue  In order to suggest that we grant rights to some people which we deny to others, we must show some sort of harm in granting those rights. In the case of incestuous marriage, there are two arguments which I can imagine against incestuous marriage. The first involves the increased chance of having retarded children. One might suggest that this reason does not apply to incestuous couples who do not have children, however the response would be that by legalizing any form of incestuous marriage, we are putting incestuous relationships sexual on the same legal level as other forms of relationships, and in doing so, we are failing to reinforce the idea that having children via incestuous sex is wrong. wrong based on what? there are many activities that put babies at risk of being born retarded, and many of them are legal. of course, medical institution warn against participating in such activities and educate the pregnant mothers about the risks. similarly, a warning about the risk of retarded inbred children could be displayed for the very same reason. but its not really grounds on which to make incestuous marriage illegal  If the harm of having a child via incestuous sex could be shown to be so great that it warrants denying the rights of incestuous couples to be recognized under our law, then it might be said that it is immoral not to discriminate against incestuous couples in such a fashion. on the other hand, while it unadvisable to smoke during pregnancy, it is not illegal. i dont think there is any law that is established for the sole purpose of reducing the risk of birth defects (i could be wrong). would you say that it is also immoral not to discriminate against pregnant smokers as well? Another possible reason for denying incestuous marriage stems from the increased ability of one family member to abuse his or her relationship with another family member in order to convince that family member that the love they share should be turned into a sexual relationship. To present a more simple example, a father may teach his daughter that she is to engage in sex with him. It might not be difficult to see how various other family relationships could be abused in the same fashion as the father-daughter relationship. this could also be true of any relationship where one party also has any type of authority over the other, such as boss/employee or teacher/student. it doesnt make these types of relationships illegal, as long as both parties are of legal age The only comparison I can imagine being made between the two is that the AIDS virus or some other STD is more easily transmitted through homosexual sex, and the discouragement of this is similar to the discouragement of bearing retarded children. The problem with such an argument is that homosexual sex is not the action which causes AIDS; promiscuous sex is that action. Same-sex marriage, when implemented should serve as a discouragement for promiscuous sex among gay people, and perhaps the lack of recognition of same-sex unions has played a part in the increased rates of AIDS among gay people in the first place. Alternately, recognition of incestuous unions would increase the rate of incestuous children born if anything. This increase would debatably constitute a harm, however the possible decrease in AIDS from legalizing same-sex marriage must undoubtedly be considered a benefit. i agree that an unmarried (or uncommited) person having sex is a bigger risk for the spread of aids than someone commited to one partner. and i agree that marriage, regardless of the union type, generally encourages people to stay with one partner. and homosexual sex doesnt inherently put one at a greater risk of getting an std. the risk is due to promiscuity, as you pointed out. with that said, i would agree that the legalization of incestuous marriage may likely mean the increase of inbred children with birth defects, you never could tell, but there may be a medical solution not far in the future to solve the problem. and if incestuous relations indeed become socially acceptable, then there would be a great effort to find such a solution (of course, all this is just speculation) If these harms and all others presented are shown to be irrational, then I would see no reason why incestuous marriage should not be made legal. I invite any here to disagree with my reasons, in which case we should make incestuous marriage legal, so far none have done so. I invite any here to present some harm common across both incestuous and homosexual marriage, but not across heterosexual marriage, which makes it impossible to support same-sex marriage while opposing incestuous marriage. Yet of course, no such harm has been suggested. well, i showed why i disagreed with your reasons, and also maintain that neither hetero, homo nor incestuous relations are any more harmful than any other type of socially acceptable activity that are already legal.
And there is no guarantee that heterosexual marriage won't cause harm. It can and has. i agree. any type of relationship or marriage is potentially harmful, as well as potentially problem-free. i have yet to see why hetero-sexual marriage should be approved, and either homosexual marrige or incestuous marriage or polygamous marriage be disapproved
Jaxian, let me also add this, which also supports my view that the phrase "homosexual offenders" was not put together by Paul to refer to offensive behavior BY homosexuals, but to refer to homsexual behavior in a way that notes it's offensiveness to Paul.  Many people reinterpret these Scriptures as condemning only homosexual rape, promiscuity, and lustful or "unnatural" homosexual behavior by heterosexuals. They claim that what the Bible condemns is offensive homosexual (and heterosexual) behavior. But isn't it clear that when Paul speaks of "homosexual offenders" he is speaking of the offense of homosexuality itself? If only "offensive" kinds of homosexual acts were evil, then what about the rest of what Paul mentions in the same passage: adultery, idolatry, and so forth?  What could be clearer than Paul's words in Romans, where he calls homosexuality "sinful desire, sexual impurity" and says that it is "degrading and shameful"? Or his unmistakably sharp words against giving oneself over "to depravity"? (Rom. 1:24-28)   http://www.bruderhof.com/articles/jca/Homosexuality.htm?format=print
The issue I brought up was why this fallacy is often used, that is to create fear, because incest and polygamy are indeed considered so taboo. The issue is not the tabooness of anything and everything, but how it is being used to distract from the issue of same-sex marriage, when there isn't a logical, rational argument against same-sex marriage. It's an indication of desperation  I can tell you straight up that for me, any time I have brought up any of these issues, it's not to create fear, or to distract from the issue of same-sex marriage. I bring it up because in the broader issue of marriage and equality, it certainly IS relevant from my perspective. For me and for many people, this isn't so much an issue about just gay marriage, but marriage, period.
Are you saying love is the pattern? Well, love applies to straight marriages as well as gay marriages. Love is not exclusive to gay marriages. If that's the connection, we can just as easily say straight marriage will lead to incestuous marriage and polygamy. You are saying love will cause a slippery slope. It's still fallacious. gay marriage will change the definition of marriage from "a legal union between a man and a woman" to "a legal union between any parties that love each other". if its ok for 2 people that love each other and want to tie the knot, then how could incest be a taboo? based on what?  The issue I brought up was why this fallacy is often used, that is to create fear, because incest and polygamy are indeed considered so taboo. The issue is not the tabooness of anything and everything, but how it is being used to distract from the issue of same-sex marriage, when there isn't a logical, rational argument against same-sex marriage. It's an indication of desperation on the part of some of those who are against same-sex marriage. I have no reason to discuss the level of acceptability or lack thereof of every single thing, before I accept one thing that is different from all those other things. I can deal with that one thing on all of its own merits and shortfalls, without being drawn into a false dilemma, either accept everything or else don't accept one thing, as if those are the only two choices, fallacy. again with the double standard. gay marriage was considered just as much a taboo as incest or polygamy just a few years ago. being gay emerged from its taboo status through parades, promotional efforts, and, unfortunately, by spreading lies (i'll deal with that in another thread). however, incestuous people didnt go through the process of parading their lifestyle in front of the world and practically begging for approval from society. so incest is still deeper in taboo status than homosexuality.   why is it ok to deny incestuous relations the right to marry on the grounds that it is considered taboo, but ok to approve gay marriage on the same grounds?
why is it ok to deny incestuous relations the right to marry on the grounds that it is considered taboo, but ok to approve gay marriage on the same grounds?  Remember, he doesn't want to talk about that. It's only a gay rights forum. Somehow gay rights is an island all to itself which could NEVER be used as precedent for any other sort of case of situation . . . Forget the fact that equality would only be equality if extended to all people. Forget the fact that we're not talking about just specifics but about marriage itself. And forget the fact one could make the very same arguments about many of these examples as can be made about gay marriage.   Forget the facts, dude. emoticon_rolleyes
You tell me, why is it right to deny two consenting, biologically related adults the right of marriage? i see no reason why any two (or more) consenting adults should be denied the right to marriage, except in the case where it would be too legally complicated, and only if the legal issues are irreconcilable.
Yes, and it wasn't that long ago that inter-racial marriage was considered taboo as well. which demonstrates that taboos are both based on inane belifs and opinions, and society's view of what is taboo is subject to change. just as we see incest as a taboo today, what is the basis for it being a taboo? why shouldnt it be socially accepted?  Well, sure, why wouldn't people who are gay, promote their being gay? and why shouldnt incestuous couple also promote their lifestyle?  be fun. I don't see how it emerged from taboo status through lies. It also emerged from unacceptability through acceptance from the rest of society. Are you saying gay people were and are clever enough to hoodwink the majority?  hoodwinking the majority requires no cleverness, as george w has repeatedly demonstrated. like i said, ill start that thread soon  Well, there we see your anti-gay prejudice, when you talk about gay people parading their "lifestyle", and suggest we who are gay are pathetically "begging" for approval. it is a FACT that gays parade their lifestyle. case in point: gay parades. and it is a fact that gays are actively seeking social approval, particularly seen in their efforts to get the endorsement of the church. there is not "anti-gay prejudice" at all. these are facts  Those are not the only grounds we deny incestuous relationships, that wasn't my argument, and you suggested yourself that gay marriage is no longer taboo, and is increasing in acceptability in society. Both issues will have their own arguments for and against. We do not deny gay marriage on the basis that incest is taboo. We do not deny incest on the basis that gay marriage was or is taboo. We do not deny inter-racial marriage on the basis that incest is taboo. but you deny incestuous marriage on the basis of incest being taboo. which was my point. the "tabooness" of a relationship shouldnt be a grounds upon which to deny them legal rights to marriage. no law is made based on whether society considers it taboo, and it shouldnt. taboos are almost always rooted in baseless superstition  why is incest a taboo? can you answer that?
I didn't say that. I didn't say that was the only reason either. I didn't argue that incest should remain taboo, or less accepted, only based on the unaccetability of other things. Gay marriage, inter-racial marriage and anything else shouldn't be considered unacceptable soley based on the unacceptability of other things. That's not an argument. i never made any implication that anything should be considered acceptable or unacceptable based on the acceptability/unacceptability of any other thing. if anything, i implied that interracial marriage was once considered taboo, but no longer, based on society's shifting perspective. the same is the case with homosexuality in many societies. that a particular type of relationship is seen as taboo should NEVER be the grounds upon which to deny a relationship the right to marriage.  you keep bringing up the point that incest is a taboo. so what? how is that a grounds upon which they can be denied the right to marry?
Show me how gay rights could specifically be a precedent in a specific situation. Also show me, how that is a good reason to deny gay rights, because of what could possibly, there's at least some chance that anything could happen in the future.  In the same way you argue that interracial marriage could be a precedent for gay marriage. (Which to me it isn't, but it's the same idea) Many people don't see this as a gay marriage issue, but simply a marriage issue.  We do not only have the two choices, either make equality available to everyone, or else we make it available to no one. But that's all you have to argue with, isn't it?   If marriage is to truly be an equal institution, then yes, those are the two choices. I can't understand for the life of me why you can't get this.  The arguments are too broad, can apply to too many things  Exactly!!! That's the point.
Ah, I see. So you don't apply your logical fallacies to your own arguments, just to the other side's arguments.  If the fallacy is on your side, that's where it fits. Since your side uses that line of thinking, then I would think you would not see it as a fallacy.  Wrong. We limit equality and rights and freedoms all the time, on many different fronts, while also extending these general principles.  So you admit it's not equality. It's limited.   This is just the false dilemma again, either accept every single thing, or else don't accept anything.  It's not a matter of necessarly accepting "every single thing" but we are talking about cases that are just as logically arguable as gay marriage. An incest couple who doesn't want children poses NO harm risk. So again, I could possibly take your call for equality more seriously if it were consistent across the board.
Then why bring up the unaccetability of incest in a forum on gay rights? Why did you say that legalizing gay marriage will have some implication on incest and poligamy? You have yet to show how, so what is the point? the point is, as you well know, that its flagrant hypocracy to discriminate against a type of relationship simply because it is considered a taboo by society. and that is exactly what you are doing
the point is, as you well know, that its flagrant hypocracy to discriminate against a type of relationship simply because it is considered a taboo by society. and that is exactly what you are doing  Or stated a different way, it's hypocrisy to push for the removal of discrimination of one type of relationship that's taboo in society's eyes while not caring about the fact that other taboo relationships are discriminated against, when both types can be conducted without harm. All the while calling it a desire or fight for equality.
I believe that is correct - selective advocates of an equal right for gay marriages are hypocritical in that they are half right, those who wish to bar everyone but a select group of straight relationships are consistent in that they are completely wrong.  The only difference between the two groups is that group A argues for marriage to be extended to only 1 set of relationships, whereas group B argues that it be extended to only 2. Gay rights people are really only arguing the line be moved a bit, just enough to include theirs--it doesn't change marriage into a non-discriminatory institution. Since marriage is traditionally opposite-sex, I don't see the point in changing it to start including other groups in the first place since it's only going to be a case of making a discriminatory institution into a still-discriminatory institution.
You have the right to bear arms, but you don't have the right to extreme weapons of mass destruction. Yes, we don't extend or limit all the time, while keeping or extending the general principle.  Well, let's look at your analogy carefully here. You are essentially saying that gay marriage is akin to the right to bear arms, but that incestuous marriages (or any other kind) is akin to extreme WMDs (I assume you mean, say, a rocket launcher). But one can make a definite argument that WMDs are far, far more deadly in terms of how many are killed in a shot than with a handgun. The argument for harm can't be made so easily for types of marriages. Unless you can show me a good reason why other types of marriages should be prevented, then your movement is not really pushing equality in marriage.  Yes, you are advancing an all or nothing argument about equality, a false dilemma.  It is an all or nothing argument (because that's what equality would be, or else it's not really equality). But it's not a false dilemma. There's nothing false about it.  This has nothing to do with the issue of gay marriage, or the other types of marriages where there is no harm involved,  Right--it has to do with marriage, period.  How about if a brother and sister want to marry one another? Surely you would extend it to them on the basis that marriage should be for different sex couples. They are a different sex couple. I could take your argument about marriage being for different sex couples more seriously, if you would apply it across the board.  Hey, I'm not the one arguing to broaden the institution on the basis of equality--you are.
With your logic, you either have the right to bear arms, and if limit it, you are not for the right to bear arms. So by your logic, you are not for the right to bear arms. You don't have the right to bear arms. That example may seem a little extreme to some, but the reality is that nothing is so black or white.   I think it's a heck of a lot easier case to make that WMDs are significantly more harmful than a pistol it is to make the case that incest marriages or group marriages are more harmful than SS marriages. The point is that you are the one now drawing distinctions between your marriage and other relationships.  We do use reasons, and one of the things we look at is potential harm.  So now you are moving the goal posts. First it was harm now it's "potential harm." Any marriage could have potential harm. A gay person could hit his spouse, a straight person could also do so, or a sibling marriage could have a baby with birth defects. Listen to yourself--you are arguing the same way opponents of same sex marriage argue with terms like "potential harm."  same-sex marriage, making it equal to heterosexual marriage, that is equality.   If only those two types or relationships have marriage, it certainly is NOT equality.  Many movements have used that term of equality, arguing for equality only for their group.  I seem to remember that many of the civil rights activists of the 60s certainly did NOT argue that way. Martin Luther King made it pretty clear he was not just for freedom for the black race but for all races.  I think deep down you agree with me that it's only equality if it's for everyone, esp. in cases where harm can't be proven as in these. It's hard for me to believe you don't see what I'm saying here. Why not just agree with that? You aren't going to lose face. No movement is perfect, and the facts are that your movement is really simply trying to move the boundaries a bit, not equality for all.
Whether or not same-sex marriage is more or less harmful than incest or group marriages is not the case we are trying to make however. We are trying to make the case that same-sex marriage is or is not harmful.  But it's not JUST about same-sex marriage. It's about marriage, period. That's why the discussion of gay marriage can't take place in a vacuum--other forms of relationships also come up simply on the basis that this is ultimately a discussion about changing marriage.  Well, I was thinking like others when they say incest could potentially not be harmful if no one has a kid as a result. Like I said, with the other analogy, it doesn't matter what the weapon is, it depends on how it is used, the potential for how it is used. That's what I was thinking, when I mentioned "potential harm", it can either be harm or potential harm, which results.   Either way, it's no more or less arguable for incest or polygamy than same-sex relationships.  I'm not the one who really started going down that road. The potential harm of a gay spouse potentially hitting another gay spouse, does not occur because they are gay spouses, likewise with the heterosexual spouses.   Right, just as in the other types of relationships.  It is equality, because the two relationships are equal to one another in marriage.  I guess you could say it would be "equality" if both white people and Japanese Americans had equal rights, but every other group in the country didnt, but I certainly wouldn't call that equality. It's not really equality for marriage to be a little less disciminatory (giving it to gays and straights).   I think we who support same-sex marriage are very clear that we are fighting for freedom and equality of same-sex marriage, for all the non-heterosexual couples. We are not fighting for that to be applied to every possible thing either.  I know. That's what I point out--you aren't. So it's not really marriage as an institution of equality that you seek.  If you are wanting me to agree that my movement is not about absolute equality and freedom for everything and everyone, yes that is true. Neither was King's like I said earlier, however he was able to talk about freedom. It's called gay rights because it is gay rights. When we refer to equal marriage, I'm sure we always say equal marriage for same-sex couples or for gay people. We do mean equity in marriage to what is available to the straight couples.  But it's also about marriage as an institution. And that's why ultimately you are only arguing for the boundaries to be moved a bit. It's not really fairness, if fairness is the goal.
I think we who support same-sex marriage are very clear that we are fighting for freedom and equality of same-sex marriage, for all the non-heterosexual couples.  Founding Father (Reverend) John Witherspoon, declared that, "...Civil liberty cannot long be preserved without virtue...."   Another individual once wrote (paraphrasing):   "Intemperate men can never be free because their passions give rise to their bindings."  Where there is a lack of virtue, the foundations of freedom start to crumble.   There is a God and he designed marriage between a man and a woman. Sin is a reproach to individuals and nations, and those who practice ungodly behaviors (both straight and gay), bring God's disfavor upon themselves and their community.
That's a misinterpretation of that verse. Jonathan and David were not lovers, that's brotherly love.
The problem of that is you are taking the verse out of context and justifying immoral behavior.
The problem with unbelief is that people just won't accept the truth. God has set standards fur the human race. Now, when we deviate from those standards, then we wind up in a world of hurt. You claim the so-called "moral high ground," but when you blast the intended purpose of the sexual relationship in favor of your immorality, then your arrogance truly shows. God established standards for sexual behavior not because He wants us miserable, but as the loving Father He is, He sets boundaries to safeguard us.
Safeguard us from what? I tell you that if your God is so mean that he would deny people happiness then you God is evil and I want NO PART OF IT. You can keep your EVIL beliefs. It seems to me that you don't have any children. Look at it this way, boundaries are so important because we need to know what our limits are. Safeguards against STD's, illegitemate pregnancies, the list could go on. So, as a loving father sets boundaries for his child, God sets boundaries for His children.
and just like children, those boundaries are tested, limited and up for interpreatation....everyone has heard a child say "but you said". That is because the child interpreted those boudaries in a different way then the parent expected. I don't see how the laws of god are any different. If god really wanted his rules to be clear, he would hand them to us on a gold platter. But he didn't. He put them throught the filter of men who added and changed them with free will as man saw fit.....maybe god doesn't have any problem with gays, maybe man does. Joe, you bring up a good point. It's true that man does test God's boundaries. but it's also true that God did indeed lay His standards for us. Now, before you get your poison keyboard going, let me explain. Of the plethora of bible translations and versions that are in the world today, it's important to note that the basic fundamentals are still basically consistent (except for the NWT, which is a bastardization of the scriptures). The men and women who wrote the original scriptures were divinely inspired by the Holy Spirit. And therefore, unable to commit error.
On something like this I am not wrong. Most of those "scholars" don't have a personal relationship with Jesus. That's what makes the difference! When a person comes to faith in Christ, the Holy Spirit indwells and empowers him. That's how he becomes spiritually discerned. BTW, Joe, clear your incoming message board.
On something like this I am not wrong. Most of those "scholars" don't have a personal relationship with Jesus. That's what makes the difference! When a person comes to faith in Christ, the Holy Spirit indwells and empowers him. That's how he becomes spiritually discerned. BTW, Joe, clear your incoming message board.  Sry bassman but I have a personal relationship with Jesus Christ and I agree with Joe here. There was no man that walked to face of the earth that couldn't make an error except for Jesus Christ. You have to understand also that if you say that you are not born being gay than your saying everyone is heterosexual. If you say this your saying that you really are aroused by women you just want to be with men. Who would want to be with a man if you were aroused by women. Whenever I get aroused by women I have no choice in the matter. My body operates automatic to that. So you can't tell a gay guy when hes looking at a women that hes really aroused he just doesn't know it. I mean I really can't see how this is a hard concept to grasp. Also Joe I am taking up for you here so please dont call me a southern racist anymore. lol
Cmitch, the difference is that if you really are a believer, then the Word of God needs to be relevant to your life.
I believe in Jesus Christ with all my heart and I model my life after how he lived his. That is what he calls us to do. I don't have a right to judge others for whatever they choose to do b/c all of us sin. I believe that being aroused by a man is not a chose. Because for me being aroused by a women isn't a choise. Men befored Jesus hijaked what God wanted and made it what they wanted to be and they do it today as well.
If God's word is very plain about homosexual conduct, then it is our obligation to point that out. This is true with any sin or error.
If God's word is very plain about homosexual conduct, then it is our obligation to point that out. This is true with any sin or error.  Where is "Gods Word" very plain about homosexuality.
Leviticus 18:22, for starters: "Do not lie with a man as one lies with a woman; it is detestable." That's about as cut-and-dry as it gets (re: literal interp.)
Leviticus 18:22, for starters: "Do not lie with a man as one lies with a woman; it is detestable." That's about as cut-and-dry as it gets (re: literal interp.)  First off. This is Old Testament Text. Please tell me you don't really believe everything you read in the old testament because it is very hard to tell the exact meaning from it when you translate it from Hebrew to English. I mean I don't see the point in believeing anything from the Old Testament. The Ten Commandments and thats it really. Jesus was crucified for defying the Old Testament. We are Christians we should believe as Christ believed for he was the son of God. Anyhow here is a site I found that talks more in detail about how this passage could be translated. http://www.religioustolerance.org/hom_bibh.htm
First off. This is Old Testament Text. Please tell me you don't really believe everything you read in the old testament because it is very hard to tell the exact meaning from it when you translate it from Hebrew to English. I mean I don't see the point in believeing anything from the Old Testament. The Ten Commandments and thats it really. Jesus was crucified for defying the Old Testament. We are Christians we should believe as Christ believed for he was the son of God. Anyhow here is a site I found that talks more in detail about how this passage could be translated. http://www.religioustolerance.org/hom_bibh.htm The entire canon of scripture both old and new testaments are to be taken together. Keep in mind that there are prophecies in Daniel and Ezekiel that have yet to be fulfilled. BTW, In the NT, Paul wrote: "Because of this, God gave them over to shameful lusts. Even their women exchanged natural relations for unnatural ones. (27) In the same way the men also abandoned natural relations with women and were inflamed with lust for one another. Men committed indescent acts with other men, and received in themselves the due penalty for their perversion." (Romans 1:26-27) Pretty much self-explanitory.
The entire canon of scripture both old and new testaments are to be taken together. Keep in mind that there are prophecies in Daniel and Ezekiel that have yet to be fulfilled. BTW, In the NT, Paul wrote: "Because of this, God gave them over to shameful lusts. Even their women exchanged natural relations for unnatural ones. (27) In the same way the men also abandoned natural relations with women and were inflamed with lust for one another. Men committed indescent acts with other men, and received in themselves the due penalty for their perversion." (Romans 1:26-27) Pretty much self-explanitory.  Find me something in your bible written in red that condems homosexuality and condones capital punishment and I will concede that I am wrong.
You have much to learn, my young padawan. Jesus states in Matthew 5:18 " I tell you the truth, until heaven and earth disappear, not the smallest letter, not the least stroke of a pen will by any means disappear from the Law until everything is accomplished." Jesus further expounds in the Sermon that it's not just outward actions that bring judgement, but inward thoughts, and dwelling on them that bring judgement. BTW, I have an even better website for you to check out:www.equip.org
They use the excuse that Jesus set a side the dietary laws. Kjv mark 8:15 I personally don't buy this excuse; either Jesus freed us from all of leviticall law or none of levitical law.  The book of Acts is clear on the New Testament dietary situation.  As for Levitical Law, while the ceremonial and dietary laws have been made obsolete, the moral law has never passed away - i.e. murder, adultery, lying, gay sex, etc., are all still identified as sins in the New Testament.
Find me something in your bible written in red that condems homosexuality and condones capital punishment and I will concede that I am wrong.  Who does the Bible say Jesus is? GOD!! (John 1:1, 2 Peter 1:1, Titus 2:13, etc., etc.). As God, Jesus already gave the gay sex prohibition to Moses on homosexual sex (Lev. 18:22, 20:13). And since all Scripture is inspired by God / Jesus (2 Timothy 3:16), then it was also Jesus who inspired the admonitions against gay sex in Romans 1:26-27, I Corinthians 6:9-10, Jude 7, etc., and it is Jesus who inspired Romans 13:1-5 which provides a Biblical framework for capital punishment (whatever the state decides).
As a matter of fact, he was. In case you forgot, Paul was the apostle to the Gentiles. And he's the one who had a supernatural encounter with Jesus on the way to Damascus.
Who does the Bible say Jesus is? GOD!! (John 1:1, 2 Peter 1:1, Titus 2:13, etc., etc.). As God, Jesus already gave the gay sex prohibition to Moses on homosexual sex (Lev. 18:22, 20:13). And since all Scripture is inspired by God / Jesus (2 Timothy 3:16), then it was also Jesus who inspired the admonitions against gay sex in Romans 1:26-27, I Corinthians 6:9-10, Jude 7, etc., and it is Jesus who inspired Romans 13:1-5 which provides a Biblical framework for capital punishment (whatever the state decides).  You make absulutely no case foryourself. God also gave Moses an eye for an eye. When Jesus was on earth he defied this law. hmmm. So maybe Moses didn't have everything right. Because if he does God really contradicts himself. You need to decide if you are Jewish or Christian because Christians are diciples of Christ. Not of Moses or any other man. Most Christians get hung up on following these "manly rules of the bible" they dont even follow the basic rules that Jesus set aside. Its not hard to force strategic rules on people but for some it is very hard to turn the other cheek. It is very hard to love the sinner and hate the sin. It is very hard not to cast the first stone as if you have no sin.
if you also recall, Jesus did not come to abolish the law, but to fufill it. The moral law is still true today is it was then.
if you also recall, Jesus did not come to abolish the law, but to fufill it. The moral law is still true today is it was then. You can't possibly take literally the teachings of Leviticus. Jesus himself took beef with Levititcus. I don't understand whats hard to get here. He was killed for blasphemy. And under the law of the Jews he was. Really and truly the Jews were the ones who were spitting blasphemy and Jesus gave them love and tried to teach them the way of the lord and lead them in the right direction.  http://www.cathedralofhope.com/homosexuality/index.php
You can't possibly take literally the teachings of Leviticus. Jesus himself took beef with Levititcus. I don't understand whats hard to get here. He was killed for blasphemy. And under the law of the Jews he was. Really and truly the Jews were the ones who were spitting blasphemy and Jesus gave them love and tried to teach them the way of the lord and lead them in the right direction.  http://www.cathedralofhope.com/homosexuality/index.php Christ was accused of blasphemy. But His true mission was to become God's perfect sacrifice for our sins.
Christ was accused of blasphemy. But His true mission was to become God's perfect sacrifice for our sins.  I know what his true mission was but that doesn't change the fact that we defied Jewish teachings to an extent.
I know what his true mission was but that doesn't change the fact that we defied Jewish teachings to an extent. The ceremonial law was no longer necessary. If you recall, as Christ hung on the cross, the temple veil tore from top to bottom, thus giving everyone direct access to God. Now, this does not necessarily mean that the moral law was abolished either, because it hasn't. Salvation means a changed life and a key part of that change is repentance. Turning away from your old life altogether.
It's a discussion of changing marriage to include same-sex couples, not a discussion of changing marriage to include incest.  For you maybe. Not for many others. Many people such as myself see it as an issue about marriage, period.  Yes, and no. Many risks in many different types of relationships. However, the potential would be there if the incest couple had a kid, to have birth defects, which is a harm that is the result of the incest itself.  The potential for risk and harm is in any type of relationship. You are using the very same type of arguments that opponents of same sex marriage use when you say things like that.  We could have a debate about other groups receiving that equality. The fact that other groups don't have that equality, isn't a reason why Japanese Americans should not have it. We'd need better arguments if we are going to deny Japanese Americans equality. Sure, it would be equality from the perspective of the Japanese, if they had the same rights as whites. No, not equality from potentially everyone's perspective and circumstance. We can have those debates, but it shouldn't affect our debate on Japanese equality.  I think you missed the point of the analogy. The point is that it's not really equality if only two groups have it and no one else.   No, not equality for everyone in every circumstance. This whole discussion involves more of an anarchist's definition of equality, I believe, or at least, closest to it.  So you are saying it's anarchy for anyone other than straights and gays to have marriage? I've heard the "anarchy" argument made against same-sex marriage. Again, you are using the same sort of arguments that opponents of same-sex marriage sometimes use.
I believe Jonathan and David were definitely lovers because the evidence is literally available for everyone to read. The original Hebrew version is the icing on the cake!  It's sad to me that there are people out there that can't think in terms of love between two friends that isn't sexual. To give gifts to people as David did to Jonathan and "love him as himself" doesn't mean it was sexual. It means he had a dear, close friend--a kindred spirit if you will. The Bible doesn't hesitate to say when couples had a sexual union--there are definite phrases it uses for that. It certainly doesn't say anything like that about these two men.   Just because two men are close doesn't mean it's a sexual thing. To assume it by default is a very backwards way to think.
First off. This is Old Testament Text. Please tell me you don't really believe everything you read in the old testament because it is very hard to tell the exact meaning from it when you translate it from Hebrew to English. I mean I don't see the point in believeing anything from the Old Testament.   But you said you believed in Christ. Christ Himself believed the Old Testament, otherwise He wouldn't have quoted it!!   I think it's a lot better to simply be honest about the fact that the Bible is against homosexual relationships, rather than jump through twisting interpretive hurdles to try and pretend it doesn't. If you've done much Bible study and really looked into these matters rather than let religioustolerance.org tell you some obscure and unusual ways of interpreting, you must know this.   Better to be honest about the Bible in that it's against homosexual relationships even if it means disagreeing with it, and let the chips fall where they may.
The ceremonial law was no longer necessary.   You are correct on this. There were two codes: a moral code and a ceremonial code. Things like eating shellfish were not the moral code--and these are the things that are often used to portray the OT law as 'outdated' by it's detrators. But Jesus made it clear that if anything, He was taking the law farther. The law said for instance, don't commit adultery. He said don't even do it in your heart. The moral code is still important.
But you said you believed in Christ. Christ Himself believed the Old Testament, otherwise He wouldn't have quoted it!!   I think it's a lot better to simply be honest about the fact that the Bible is against homosexual relationships, rather than jump through twisting interpretive hurdles to try and pretend it doesn't. If you've done much Bible study and really looked into these matters rather than let religioustolerance.org tell you some obscure and unusual ways of interpreting, you must know this.   Better to be honest about the Bible in that it's against homosexual relationships even if it means disagreeing with it, and let the chips fall where they may.  I don't believe the bible is clear on the issue of homosexuality. Like I said when you translate from hebrew to english you have to do some guess work. But it is a scientific fact that a percentage of the animal population as well as the human population is homosexual. It is natural to think that something is wrong with the minority. If most people are this way and a few are that way they must be commiting a sin or doing something wrong. That is a natural feeling. I just don't get it. Everyone has a sexual preference. If you say that homosexuality is a choice then your saying everyone one is heterosexual. Why if you are attracted to women would you want to be attracted to men. In the bible where it says that a man shall not lie with a man as a women it is an abomination, you have to understand that women in this time period were looked at as lower than a man so to put yourself in a womens position or a position of submission was an abomination. I guess you could say that it is against homosexuality but its more about putting yourself in the postion of a women b/c of how low women were in society. I will continue to say that I have no control over my arousal and even if I chose to be with men I would still be aroused by women. Please just think about this logically instead of just quoting the bible because there other moral issues in the bible specifically in Leviticus that you can't take seriously.
But it is a scientific fact that a percentage of the animal population as well as the human population is homosexual.  This is irrelevant when it comes to what behavior the Bible condones or not. Surely you don't think genetics should be the determinant of morality.  It is natural to think that something is wrong with the minority. If most people are this way and a few are that way they must be commiting a sin or doing something wrong.  Again, does not speak to the Bible's clear position on homosexual behavior.  I just don't get it. Everyone has a sexual preference. If you say that homosexuality is a choice then your saying everyone one is heterosexual.  I didn't say it was a choice. You are assuming I hold that view when I don't. Nevertheless, just because something feels right to someone doesn't mean that the behavior is moral, based on that fact alone. You are taking the position here that just because something is innate or feels right, that it's automatically ok. And there are plenty of examples in life and in the Bible where that's not the case with MANY issues.   In the bible where it says that a man shall not lie with a man as a women it is an abomination, you have to understand that women in this time period were looked at as lower than a man so to put yourself in a womens position or a position of submission was an abomination. I guess you could say that it is against homosexuality but its more about putting yourself in the postion of a women b/c of how low women were in society.  Either way, it's homosexual behavior, no matter what the motivation. The Bible clearly says it's wrong.  I will continue to say that I have no control over my arousal and even if I chose to be with men I would still be aroused by women.   So you think God's morality for mankind is determined by what you or others are aroused by? That's a very human-centric way of thinking.
But it is a scientific fact that a percentage of the animal population as well as the human population is homosexual. Wow, like the above poster said, this has nothing to do with the Bible. Bible says alcoholicism is wrong too, that happens to be genetic in part as well.
Wow, like the above poster said, this has nothing to do with the Bible. Bible says alcoholicism is wrong too, that happens to be genetic in part as well.  You choose whether or not to be an alcoholic. So yes that is a sin. Over indulging and acting on any time of lust is a sin. If you are having purely a sex relationship with a women that is a sin. If you love someone with all your heart and make a bond with them whether or not its "legal" or not I feel is acknowledged by God. God doesn't need your marrage licence to know the bond you share with someone.
This is irrelevant when it comes to what behavior the Bible condones or not. Surely you don't think genetics should be the determinant of morality.    Again, does not speak to the Bible's clear position on homosexual behavior.    I didn't say it was a choice. You are assuming I hold that view when I don't. Nevertheless, just because something feels right to someone doesn't mean that the behavior is moral, based on that fact alone. You are taking the position here that just because something is innate or feels right, that it's automatically ok. And there are plenty of examples in life and in the Bible where that's not the case with MANY issues.     Either way, it's homosexual behavior, no matter what the motivation. The Bible clearly says it's wrong.    So you think God's morality for mankind is determined by what you or others are aroused by? That's a very human-centric way of thinking.   God judges human beings on the choses we make. If your saying that you don't believe homosexuality is a choice than it can't be a sin I don't care what the bible says about it. The sins we make are the choices we make. If its not a choice than you are born that way and that is the way God made you. That like saying its a sin to be black. Well a part of the old testament was used to condone slavery. I mean give me a break. Having lust in your heart for a man or a women is sin but having love in your heart is not a sin. I think you are having to much faith in the words of man. To assume because you've been told that the words of these men can not be wrong. Don't get me wrong faith is good. I have faith in Jesus Christ because he was perfect. I don't have faith in men that lived in a time when women were thought of to be so much lower than man. There are plenty of scripture in the Old Testament that is dead wrong and if you really believe it you should really think seriously whether or not your a believer in Christ. Their are preachers who will tell you not to take everything in the Old Testament literally. I guess you can pick and choose on that huh?
God judges human beings on the choses we make. If your saying that you don't believe homosexuality is a choice than it can't be a sin I don't care what the bible says about it.  No one ever said it was a sin to feel gay. It's the behavior that we are talking about. We aren't robots in this life. People can choose how to live their lives. I think you are confusing homosexuality with the behavior issue.  I'm sure there are plenty of alcoholics that don't choose to be an alcoholic, but that doesn't mean it's ok for them to guzzle down a 6-pack.
No one ever said it was a sin to feel gay. It's the behavior that we are talking about. We aren't robots in this life. People can choose how to live their lives. I think you are confusing homosexuality with the behavior issue.  I'm sure there are plenty of alcoholics that don't choose to be an alcoholic, but that doesn't mean it's ok for them to guzzle down a 6-pack.  O i get it. Its ok for heterosexuals to act out our lusts but its not ok for homosexuals I got ya now. And for those alcoholics they aren't born wanting to drink. They begin drinking socially and it turns into an addiction. Your saying that being an alcoholic is a genetic trait. I can maybe agree with that b/c if your father drank you might be alittle curious but you have to start drinking alittle before you become an alcoholic. Your choice to start made you that way. Homosexuality is quite different. You could be the first one ever in your family line to be gay. Also God cares just as much about your inner thoughts as he does your outer actions. As was quoted earlier on the forum Jesus said that thinking of and lusting for another women is adultery.
O i get it. Its ok for heterosexuals to act out our lusts but its not ok for homosexuals I got ya now. And for those alcoholics they aren't born wanting to drink. They begin drinking socially and it turns into an addiction. Your saying that being an alcoholic is a genetic trait. I can maybe agree with that b/c if your father drank you might be alittle curious but you have to start drinking alittle before you become an alcoholic. Your choice to start made you that way. Homosexuality is quite different. You could be the first one ever in your family line to be gay. Also God cares just as much about your inner thoughts as he does your outer actions. As was quoted earlier on the forum Jesus said that thinking of and lusting for another women is adultery. Then let me clarify! heterosexual sin is just as wrong as homosexual sin. God has standards that demand that sin be punished. God's standard for maximum pleasure and blessing is within the monogamous, man/woman marriage.
Maxium pleasure? If you are a gay person who is not aroused by the opposite sex there is no pleasure...none.....zip! Maximum pleasure and blessing in that the heterosexual, monogamous, married couple are following God's plan for marriage.
Maximum pleasure and blessing in that the heterosexual, monogamous, married couple are following God's plan for marriage. Now its the fact that they are having sex out of marriage not that it is with a man. So let me get this straight. God only wants sex between men and women and he makes some people to be gay for no apparent reason just so they have to suffer and get none what so ever sexual satisfaction. They shouldn't even think of sexual satisfaction b/c that is just as much a sin. Well lets face it all of us sin and the way your saying it is that we should jump on gays for commiting the same sin we are guilty of commiting. Hmmm. Whoever is without sin cast the first stone. Heres a good one. If you and your partner pray to God and ask him to recognize them as a married couple. To him are they married.
I believe its more about the love you have for someone. Lusting for someone based no their appearance is a sin. I believe that rather or not your married under the law if you love someone and you make a bond with them , and you have sex with them but its out of the love you have for that person. Then you are not commiting a sin. But what i want to try to get a cross is that if gays are sinning they are commiting the same sin we all commit so who are we to judge. I guess you could say God did it to control population. But he could easily make it to where they had no sexual orientation.
Now its the fact that they are having sex out of marriage not that it is with a man. So let me get this straight. God only wants sex between men and women and he makes some people to be gay for no apparent reason just so they have to suffer and get none what so ever sexual satisfaction. They shouldn't even think of sexual satisfaction b/c that is just as much a sin. Well lets face it all of us sin and the way your saying it is that we should jump on gays for commiting the same sin we are guilty of commiting. Hmmm. Whoever is without sin cast the first stone. Heres a good one. If you and your partner pray to God and ask him to recognize them as a married couple. To him are they married. First off, you're wrong about God "making people gay," because it just is flat-out false. God gave us a choice to either obey Him or disobey Him. And yes God did design the sexual relationship to be exclusive to the heterosexual marriage. It's based on the principle of "leaving and cleaving."
NO Bassman it is not false. I am gay. I have always been gay. I have not now or have I ever been attracted to women. I tried with all my might to make life go that way and I was miserable, suicidal and lonely.....when I found peace with myself and who I am is also when I found happinesss. Trust me I was born gay. I have always been gay. I told my parents I wanted to marry Jimmy Osmand when I was like 6 years old.  Thank you its so hard to get a point across but you are living proof. This is a good site to go to http://www.escapefromwatchtower.com/homo.html. I am a firm believer in God and Jesus Christ but when you look at this site you can better understand how the predjudices toward the homosexual society have disinterpreted the original teachings of the bible.
Both websites that espouse false doctrine.
Written by scholars and ministers.....ya ever consider that maybe you are wrong? Maybve you should read the sites?  I know some are stuck in their ways and refuse to open their minds to the truth no matter what ministers or scholars will tell them. I didn't always believe the way I do now. My parents and me argue all the time about this. I used to conform to their beliefs on everything and I still do on some stuff because I do feel they are right on some issues. Its important to examine everything yourself and make a logical decision based on your interpretation. I am not concerned about my salvation. I have my salvation in Jesus Christ but that does not mean I must conform with every ideology that the church shares if I believe in my heart that it is wrong.
I know some are stuck in their ways and refuse to open their minds to the truth no matter what ministers or scholars will tell them. I didn't always believe the way I do now. My parents and me argue all the time about this. I used to conform to their beliefs on everything and I still do on some stuff because I do feel they are right on some issues. Its important to examine everything yourself and make a logical decision based on your interpretation. I am not concerned about my salvation. I have my salvation in Jesus Christ but that does not mean I must conform with every ideology that the church shares if I believe in my heart that it is wrong. Ministers who are not right with God, who espouse modernist doctrine, who deny the essential tenents of the faith! No, cmitch, they do not fall within the pale of orthodoxy! And yes, the entire Word of God must be relevant to your life if you are truly saved. Every letter of it!
Ministers who are not right with God, who espouse modernist doctrine, who deny the essential tenents of the faith! No, cmitch, they do not fall within the pale of orthodoxy! And yes, the entire Word of God must be relevant to your life if you are truly saved. Every letter of it! Bassman are you pronoucing that because I don't believe all the words from the mouth of men as well as those interpretors that I am not saved. The words of Jesus Christ are relavant in my life and If you ask Jesus Christ to save you he will. I will not allow myself to be scared into thinking that for me to be truly saved I have to believe every word of the bible. The word of God is relavant in my life. The words of Jesus Christ are relavant in my life and if you remember he did not condem homosexuality either. Therefore I will not condem it. If I am wrong which I believe I am not I still have the forgiveness of Christ that I was wrong. His life is a benchmark to where I would like to be.
These are well known biblical scholars....people who have made a life of studing what the bible says....they say that homosexuality is not addressed and not a sin.....did you read the sites or are you giving us the pre-programed Easyrider type of answer?  It is very evident that more 'biblical scholars' think it is a sin according to the Bible. It is a hard case to say otherwise.
It goes along with the conservatives view of God to them; God is this angry Vengeful creature that has to be feared and obeyed or he will kill you.  hmmm, maybe you miss the point. He is to be respected. Everything he does his out of love, even if it is some kind of justice. I am not sure who thinks he is an angry dude.
O i get it. Its ok for heterosexuals to act out our lusts but its not ok for homosexuals I got ya now.  Well, the real question is, are you going to abide by what the Bible says as a Christian (and agree it should be abided by) or is it ok to not obey the Bible just because someone desires to do differently? Is it to be obeyed, or are situational ethics called for? To answer your question--yes, that's exactly right. If you want to accept what theh Bible says. If not, that's your choice--no one is going to make you obey or acknowledge it.   And for those alcoholics they aren't born wanting to drink. They begin drinking socially and it turns into an addiction. Your saying that being an alcoholic is a genetic trait.  A gay person isn't BORN sexually desiring anyone either. There is evidence that in both cases, there is genetic disposition involved.  Also God cares just as much about your inner thoughts as he does your outer actions. As was quoted earlier on the forum Jesus said that thinking of and lusting for another women is adultery.  Indeed! That's why it's probaby very hard for gay people who are trying to live a Christian life. They should be given a lot of support from other believers. Nevertheless, no matter why God has them living that burden, it doesn't mean they have a license to sin and live in ways everyone else can't.
These are well known biblical scholars....people who have made a life of studing what the bible says....they say that homosexuality is not addressed and not a sin.....did you read the sites or are you giving us the pre-programed Easyrider type of answer?  Rest assured, the interpretation that the Bible doesn't address homosexual behavior or make clear that it's wrong is the minority view, by a long shot. So much so that it's considered well out of the mainstream.  I also find it noteworthy that you keep changing the terminology to fit what you want it to say. No one--not even the most 'conservative' person, claims the Bible condemns "homosexuality" (in the sense that it's an innate trait). The argument by those who take the mainstream view is that it's the homosexual behavior that is addressed in the Bible. It makes no sense that God would condemn someone for something they can't help: an innate trait or desire. We aren't talking about the nature aspect, but the behavioral one.
So, in other words gay people can be gay as long as we live celebant, lonely lives.......yeah you care about us!  I know of numerous gay people that say they live great lives without living out their homosexuality in their actions. That would be hard if sex is a big deal in one's life, but if it's not and life is about other, more important things, it's not hard.  For religious people, it's ultimately a matter of whether they will obey the Bible or not. If they choose not to, that's their choice. If they choose to, and go down this supposedly horrible, awful, torturous life emoticon_rolleyes of actually not having gay sex, then that's their choice. They should be free to do that if they want without you trying to interfere or contantly tell them they are wrong.
So, in other words gay people can be gay as long as we live celebant, lonely lives.......yeah you care about us! No, desire of a mans heart is key here.
It's ridiculous to look at a book that is thousands of years old as the only source of information on sexuality, homosexuality, gender roles, politics and government, science, or almost any other topic.  It's not a matter of viewing it as a source of information--it's not like people are going to it for stats or something. It's about a moral way to live. It deals with the moral issue, not the scientific one. No one is making you abide by it anyway.  Besides, you are looking at the Bible from a perspective that does not consider it a work of absolute truth. That's your prerogative to do that, but you must keep in mind that millions of people view the Bible different than you do.  If your religion tells you this is just about behaviour, jyoshu or others, it is wrong.  It doesn't tell me that "sexuality is about behavior." The Bible is not trying to be a science or biology textbook. It simply makes clear that same-sex relationships are wrong. It's that simple. No one is saying you're gayness is not innate. Look, no one is going to make you adhere to the Bible. But don't tell everyone else they shouldn't adhere to it either as that's their right.
And here we have it: the B S comment of the week! LOL!  If that were the case, you'd sure know how to recognize it! :p
One of my closest friends is a gay male but I have to say I am against gay marriage. Its in the old and new testament that is a sin. Im not saying that its a choice for most people but because something is natural, does that make it right? Fornication is a sin but I look at that is natural. If im in love with a man and he is touching me, my body wants to be with him. Thats natural but I think God made sex for man and wife because he wanted to spare us certain consequences. If everyone waited til they were married and no one committed adultry, there would be no std's, unwanted children etc. I just think if God made Eve the perfect partner for Adam, then marriage should honor that. He didnt make her and a man and made Adam choose. Our bodies were made to be pleasing to a man. We are the perfect partner for a man. We are all born into sin since the fall of man so thats why I believe that most gay people were probably born that way but what about thousands of ex gay christians who are now married with children? What do you say to them?
Just because this is one view does not make it right for me. Should I be bound by some one elses religious beliefs? What about my religious beliefs, which say being gay, having gay sex, gay marriage is not a sin. Where is my religious freedom? Also we live in a secular society; why do I not get a say wether of not heterosexuals should be allowed to marry? Heterosexuals want to decide wether or not I should be allowed to marry the person of my choice while remaining free to marry the person of their choice.  See I keep going back in forth with the gay issue because after reading your post, I do understand where your coming from. I dont want to force my views down anyones throat and if u read my posts, u will see that ive had an abortion which I assume the vast majority of christians believe is murder and Im very glad it was legal. It was a sin but Im glad I had that right to make that sin because now Ive repented and been forgiven but yet also I dont have the same burden that I wouldve had. You know I guess after reading your post, im on the fence again about gay marriage. On one hand I do believe what I wrote and that women are the perfect partners for men and that is the way God intended. I do believe that but at the same time just like with my abortion, I believe people should have a choice and at the end of the day, their relationship with God is personal and its up to God to judge us all. If gay marriage is a sin then the gay people that marry will have to deal with that on judgement day and maybe its not up to us to regulate it.
Just because this is one view does not make it right for me. Should I be bound by some one elses religious beliefs? What about my religious beliefs, which say being gay, having gay sex, gay marriage is not a sin. Where is my religious freedom? Also we live in a secular society; why do I not get a say wether of not heterosexuals should be allowed to marry? Heterosexuals want to decide wether or not I should be allowed to marry the person of my choice while remaining free to marry the person of their choice. sounds like a cool religion... never heard of it tho, unles you just made it up, which would be perfectly ok. i see you took my suggestion and made up your own religion after all. good for you  theres is much more to allowing gays to marry than religious reasons. in fact, religious reasons are probably the most insignificant. there are also quite a few legalistic issues that noone in the gay lobby seems to be paying attention to, but are detrimental to the advancement of gay marriage
Boy, you guys are really hot and bothered about these petitions aren't you? This isn't the first I've seen this issue come up lately.  Christians have a right to participate in the political process too. I bet you aren't nearly as down on PFLAG and their non-profit status even though they make no secret of their politics either.  Another thing you don't understand is that all of these Christians signing these things aren't from any one church--they're just Christians, period. Some may not even go to church that much.
not according to the article, this came from the churches during mass.  The article makes it clear it was circulated at many chuches. Just because some members sign it doesn't mean that the churches themselves (as governed bodies) officially sanction it.  But back to the point, I do find it rather frightening that so many churches are getting so politically active. It seems that the pushes that they're making are really having an effect, which is no good AT ALL.  Religious people are the only group in society that are expected by some to not take part in the political process. That's hardly fair at all. No, we're Americans too, and we aren't going to go away. Get used to it.
Really? DId you read the article?  excert: Some people who signed by petitions on Sunday said they felt pressured. One woman who did not want to be identified said that others at her church who tried not to sign were harassed by church elders who were circulating the forms. "I didn't want to be singled out," she told 365Gay.com. "I just signed it and hoped that would be the end of it."  Well, either way it's 365Gay. They tend to spin these stories anyway, so I don't take it too seriously--give me a mainstream press story--it's bound to be more accurate.
http://www.boston.com/news/local/massachusetts/articles/2005/10/02/catholic_churches_lead_signature_drive_for_ban_on_gay_marriage/  http://www.boston.com/news/local/massachusetts/articles/2005/10/03/petition_bid_to_ban_gay_marriage_said_to_gain/   http://www.signonsandiego.com/news/nation/20051003-0323-gaymarriage.html  Thanks. At least there is more balance in those stories.
Using your vote to cram your religion's morality down others throats whether they want it or not is MISUSE of the political process. IT IS ABOUT MORALITY! When bible-believing people speak up about immorality, here comes the politically-correct crowd, who want everyone to "tolerate" their immoral lusts. But when someone with an opposing view comes along, "oooohhhhh, nnnnnnooooo, we can't have that spoken of, now." Canadian preachers are not allowed to preach against sin, right now. How much longer before we see the same here?
It doesn't affect their lives so how is someones elses morality any of these bible-believing people's business? If they would only mind their own business and stop trying to tell gays and lesbians how to live their lives, and they have done this though laws, the the world would be a better place. They just can't mind their own business they have to try and control peoples lives. Not really. As we, as Christians have stated, ad nauseum, Sin is a reproach to any nation. And when sexual sins are exalted over the worship of God, all I can say is...  .....wait!
LIKE I have said, ad nauseum, BRING IT ON I want YOUR God to smite us better to burn in hell then spend one nanosecond in heaven with selfrightous selfcentered hatefilled evangelicals Wow, this is too easy! True evangelicals are far from hateful. Jesus spoke more on sin and repentance than love. It is true that God loves, but God must also punish sin. I think that when people refuse to heed God's warnings of repentance, then they bring the judgement upon themselves.
The evangelicals that I have heard of, such as Fred Phelps, Pat Robertson,and Jerry Falwel, are hatefilled. Well; Phelps, Robertson, and Falwell don't speak for me. All I know is that I was saved from the penalty of my sin when God reached down into the innermost place of my heart and "birthed" my spirit (John 3:3; Jesus said to him,"I tell you the truth, unless a man is born again, he cannot see the Kingdom of God."
For what? You cannot have us believe something is going to happen, history has shown that nothing happens. Not really. When the moral foundation erodes from society, as ours has, then it\'s only a matter of time until the Judgement of God comes.
people have been saying that for centuries.....so define "matter of time" I am thinking it is a long, long time Maybe, maybe not. The only reason that America was prosperous at the turn of the tewntieth century was because of the Great Revivals.
Your political-correctness is so noted.
This is typical christonazi behavior; force your religon on others through the ballot box. Isn\'t this how you are supposed to force your views onto others? I guess everyone is allowed to have their views and try to get them passed into law but the people that go to Church...that seems fair emoticon_rolleyes Or maybe the churches need to do what everyone else does now, go through the courts to make laws.
The evangelicals that I have heard of, such as Fred Phelps, Pat Robertson,and Jerry Falwel, are hatefilled.  Actually Jerry Falwell is a pretty nice guy from what I hear. Granted I never met the guy but from people that have they say he is normally a pretty dissent guy. I\'ll assume you have met him though and know him better.
Anyone who preaches against my people are not a nice guys.  Well, I don't think that is a good way to look at people.    What you fail to understand is that I have a right to my beliefs. So if some sect of christianity puts something into law that goes against my beliefs, and effects my life and not theirs, then that is forcing their beliefs on me through the ballot box. Do you think it is right that christians in countries where the majority of the population are Muslim are forced by law to live by sheria law?  So you don't believe in a democracy? What if a group of people that have been sexually assaulted get together and try to force their beliefs of stricter punishments on the group of people that sexually assault others. Should this not be allowed to happen in by a vote in a democracy? So to answer your Muslim question, if done by a vote, then why not? If you impose 0 beliefs on people you have no laws.
The evangelicals that I have heard of, such as Fred Phelps, Pat Robertson,and Jerry Falwel, are hatefilled.  Then you need to get out and meet some real evangelicals. Your rhetoric of generalizing all evangelicals like these men is like many of the anti-gay arguments that people make against you. And it's just as wrong when you do it.
Well, I don't think that is a good way to look at people.  Matthew has shown that he has an extremely black and white view of the world. He doesn't understand that people can disagree with gay peoples' behavior and still care about gay people. I think the understanding that the world is in shades of gray and/or multicolored instead of all black and white comes with time. He'll come to learn these things, eventually.
As I have said before, doesn't matter about my behavior. I would be gay either way. To disapprove of me being gay is to disapprove of me. They are one in the same thing.  I disagree. We aren't robots in this world. I myself (along with everyone else) am hardwired to eat, but that doesn't mean I don't have the ability to know when and when not to eat. It's easy for you to say that it's disapproving of you personally because it give you a way to claim people are attacking you, which often isn't the case.  It is like saying I love you but I disapprove of the fact you are a blonde.   It would be like saying I know you are blond but don't particularly care for the mohawk you wear it as. Nevetheless I can still approve of you as a person. That's a different issue. I honestly think you realize this, it's just that you continue to say it's personal because it's another way to politicize and try to get people to stop disagreeing with you.   Being gay is a piece of not only who I am, but who I love how I love my life. If someone really cares about me, they would support my happiness and my happiness relies on me being who I am, and protected for who I am.  I'm sure an alcoholic could make the very same argument, as he is wired to love alcohol.  I find it annoying and insulting when people make these love the sinner hate the sin comments because they are so contradictive and ignorant of what being gay means.  It depends on the context of the discussion as to whether or not they are appropriate. If we are talking about biology and genetics, or someone who claims they hate you for what you ARE, then I agree with you, they need to understand there is an issue of nature going on here.   But in the context of Biblical issues and religious disapproval, it's usually all about the behavioral aspect. And there's nothing wrong with that. If you choose to be insulted everytime someone in life disagree with something you do, you are going to have a very long hard life. People need to learn to dialog and talk without being insulted about such things. I could just as easily say I am "insulted" when you take issue with MY behavior of pointing these things out. This is all part of debating and discussing these issues, and it's a healthy thing. So I would simply say . . . suck it up. Grow some skin. It's a debate.  It is not possible to care about gays and disapprove of how we live.   You are so wrong. You are making these statements because they give you a way to claim being insulted as a tactical move in the overall issue of gay rights. These attempts by your movement to try and silence the debate like this are very transparent. Again, grow some skin. The debate will go on with or without you, regardless of whether you choose to be insulted or not.  I got an email once from a friend who knew me when I was a closet case. He had found out that I had finally come out and said how happy he was I found peace with myself.  That's fine--but not everyone has his view of homosexual behavior.
So if I come and insult and demonize you or somebody you love - you might still consider me a good person?  I'm not really sure where I said that. This seems odd from someone that has a problem with others putting words into their mouths.
The problem here is that the natural man is unregenerate and reprobate. In simpler language, their spirits are dead in sin. That's why they refuse to accept the truth of God and experience his wonderful plan of salvation and a changed life.
These guys are the ones making noises that they speak for evangelicals. If you don't like what they are saying in your name, maybe we would respect the "real" evangelicals more if they spoke out against the hatred.  First, Falwell and Robertson don't need to be in the same sentence as Phelps. That's not to say that Falwell and Robertson are right, but let's be clear--they don't picket funerals or rise to the level of hate speech that Phelps does. Whether you like it or not, it IS important to note the differences in people here, even if they are not on your side. I think really that gay pride lobbyists love Phelps, because he gives a name everyone associates with hate for them to put in the same sentence as anyone else they want to associate with him in order to demonize them.  Second, you are wrong in your assertion that evangelicals don't speak out against this sort of hatred. The problem is that you really want them to say that "homosexual behavior is just fine and dandy--do anything you want." They don't (even though they do speak out against violence and hate speech), so you say they don't speak out. It's not that they don't speak out against it, they just don't cater their message exactly the way you want.  If you don't understand the difference between Phelps and the rest of evangelicals, do some research. Start with the fact that Phelps has protested the Southern Baptist Convention.  Night & day: The difference between Southern Baptists & Fred Phelps
The active gays I've seen and heard from don't just want to be accepted for who they are, they want America to actually embrace their sinful lifestyle, like it was something that's good in God's eyes (which it's not).
In a nut shell:  It was in response to Matthew saying that anyone who preaches against his people are not nice guys. You say that isn't a very good way to look at people - so I ask you if you would consider those who preached against/demonized those you love "good guys".  Preached against and demonized are two different things. You preach for abortion yet I believe you are probably a nice person. I just think it is a bad way to judge people if they disagree with you on an issue. Jerry Fallwell will allow a gay person into his office or church just like anyone else. He just happens to believe in God so he preaches that homosexuality (among other things) are sins.
Preached against and demonized are two different things. You preach for abortion yet I believe you are probably a nice person. I just think it is a bad way to judge people if they disagree with you on an issue. Jerry Fallwell will allow a gay person into his office or church just like anyone else. He just happens to believe in God so he preaches that homosexuality (among other things) are sins.  You are absolutely right on this. One of the sad things the gay pride movement does is attack the person for their views, demonizing them and portraying them in the worst possible light.  Make no mistake, it's a tactic on their part, pure and simple.
You aren't kidding about that.
Do you? Care about gay people, that is. You keep imply that it's only their tactics you don't like, but I can't recall you ever saying that you support a persons right to be gay. So please, cards on the table. Do you support a person's right to have sex with whatever willing adult they choose? No politics, no tactics. Please, just answer that simple question.  That's not a question about "caring." It's a policy issue.  But to answer your question, yes I support that right. I don't agree with it morally, but I support your right to do that. I'm not in favor of sodomy laws.
 Do you support a person's right to have sex with whatever willing adult they choose? I find it funny how you limited sexual cases yourself. Are you saying it is ok to denying a willing a adult and child to have sex? If the asnwer is yes then someone having the view that sex should be limited to only between a man and a women is just as valid. Both should be up to the people via voting and legislative processes.
You actually think you should be able to vote on whether consenting adults can **** each other or not? Do I need to start calling you before I go on dates? And you guys call liberals depraved.He was just trying to make a point jitobear. No, of course he did not mean that. He was trying to point out the ridiculousness of the gay rights stance on this subject. emoticon_rolleyes
That would be fine if they kept it to their churches and congragations. I have a problem when they take their religious views and try and translate them into laws that effect my life. They want a law saying I can't marry a man; that effects my life. I get the drift that all the conservates think they should be able to pass laws that hurt my family or put laws on the ballot for the majority of the people to hurt my family. I take issue with anything that hurts my family. By not allowing me to marry the person of my choice, regardless if you agree or not, I and my family are not protected under the law and that hurts my family. Just because someone else thinks something is a sin does not make it so. Laws effect lives...it is what they do. If you don't agree with the law, change it by getting people to agree with you.  Lets just have it over with lets just put all civil rights on the ballot from free speech to religious freedom. I would love to vote on your religious freedom. Go ahead, no one is stopping you. What do you think a democracy does? We could end free speech with an amendment which is done by...get this...VOTING. In fact, we can get rid of the Constitution by voting. Whata concept huh?  You actually think you should be able to vote on whether consenting adults can **** each other or not? Do I need to start calling you before I go on dates? And you guys call liberals depraved. What do you mean do I think? You can! What makes you think that our laws can't be changed?   You guys seem shocked that voting on things should be allowed. How dare we have people vote on issues of morality!! We only do it all the time. Not killing is a moral decision for example. If you wish to have a dicator where voting is worthless, then Cuba is a tire ride away. Gays want there rights to be in government and religious folk don't. What is wrong with trying to get your views into government just because they are religious? If I thought homosexual sodomy was wrong for non-religious reasons does this make my view a valid one to argue and get into law? Please, everyone is entitled to their own view, don't like it, I gotta couple Goodyear tires in the basement.
You're not serious about that, are you?  serious that we should be allowed to vote on stuff? Yes! A wild idea I know, I think I will call it...democracy.
Are you kidding????  The same people that got on national TV and blamed 9/11 on homosexuals and feminists, as well as atheists and liberals? They're not as bad as Phelps?!?!?  I would say they are not. They aren't right, but they don't have nearly the level of vitriol. Like I said, gay pride activists love Phelps, because he gives you someone to demonize people with by false association. Sort of like people who make outrageous comparisons of people they disagree with to Hitler.  We are quite right on this. You do not hear any messages from evangelicals who state that violence against gays and lesbians is wrong. You don't hear from any evangelicals that it is bad to harass gays and lesbians. You don't hear from any evangelicals that it is okay for gays and lesbians to work  I hear it all the time. You just don't like it because they usually ALSO aren't ashamed to state their view that it's morally wrong in the same sentence. Sounds like you should listen more. [shrug]  Well, why don't you go out with some of your evangelical friends and have a press conference stating that Phelps, Robertson and all the others don't speak for you all. And when you're done with that, why don't you go and tell the president that he needs to stop listening to them, and listen to people more like you.  Evangelicals are under no obligation to call any press conference for you. If you want to know what they really think, you should actually listen to average evangelicals instead of assuming Phelps, Robertson, and Falwell speak for them. Otherwise you are no better than someone who would think that the Log Cabin Republicans or Andrew Sullivan speaks for all gays.  And I seriously doubt the president has ever listened much to Fred Phelps or any of these guys.
Leviticus 18:22 - " 'Do not lie with a man as one lies with a woman; that is detestable."  Leviticus 20:13 - " If a man lies with a man as one lies with a woman, both of them have done what is detestable. They must be put to death; their blood will be on their own heads."  Romans 1:26-27 - "Because of this, God gave them over to shameful lusts. Even their women exchanged natural relations for unnatural ones. In the same way the men also abandoned natural relations with women and were inflamed with lust for one another. Men committed indecent acts with other men, and received in themselves the due penalty for their perversion."  1 Corinthians 6:9-10 - "Do you not know that the wicked will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived: Neither the sexually immoral nor idolaters nor adulterers nor male prostitutes nor homosexual offenders 10nor thieves nor the greedy nor drunkards nor slanderers nor swindlers will inherit the kingdom of God."  There's others as well.
No one should vote on civil rights. They are inalienable rights.  The Constitution is what protects the people from the tyranny of the majority. That means the majority does not rule if it tramples on the rights of other people.  We can vote away the Constitution. Not only that, who said they are civil rights and who said they are inalienable? What gives them this power?  I wouldn't go as far as to say the constitution project the people from the tyranny of the majority. I would say the constitution set up the framework for our government. In our government majority wins, not much you can do about that.   Still not sure what you guys have against democracy
So you agree with the conservatives then; My family should be hurt? My family and is second class and doesn't count? You also agree that conservateives know what is best for me and my family? Get this straight it is my family that is being hurt not yours. The cruelness of conservates has no end. If a law doesn't favor you it doesn't make you second class. Laws don't really favor rapist but you don't see many people complaining about that. Maybe the laws that you want hurt my family. Either way, this doesn't matter, you want to change the system, VOTE ON IT AND CONVINCE THE PEOPLE...why is this such a wild concept?
Besides that is not what I ask you. this is what I ask you Please answer do you think my family should be or deserves to be hurt?  - The man who wants a legal polygamist marriage: "Please answer do you think my family should be or deserves to be hurt?"  - The man who wants to marry his sister: "Please answer do you think my family should be or deserves to be hurt?"  This question of yours misses the point. It's not about harm, it's about whether or not your relationship should even be considered a legal marriage in the first place.
The assisted suicide issue is a good example of the conservate double standard. The PEOPLE of Oregon voted for assisted suicide yet conservates want to over turn the will of the people. In Calafornia the PEOPLE voted for the use of medical marijuna yet the conservates want to over turn the will of the people. The medicial marijuna thing was a little more complicated then what you say. Yes the people voted on it in california but some issues came up with interstate commerce that made it so the federal government's vote on the issue the one to go by. Didn't read the briefs on the assisted suicide so I know nothing about that case.   Please answer do you think my family should be or deserves to be hurt? if it is hurt by a legal democratic process then I can't really help you out there. Are you in favor of hurting some families with different tax laws?  You and your family are not on the side that the law effcts and hurts. Of course you would favor laws that hurt others untill they hurt you then you would find them unfair and hurtfull. Not always. Like I said, the law has winners and losers for every issue. This is why we vote on it. Some laws stink for me, some don't. Some laws stink for rapists, some don't. It just isn't going to win for you all the time.
All of the above I do support people should be allowed to live in any relationship form between consenting adults. You just limited yourself right there!! Why can't two 15 yr olds get married? "Please answer do you think my family should be or deserves to be hurt?"
All of the above I do support people should be allowed to live in any relationship form between consenting adults.  Well, at least you are more consistent about equality than a lot of people in your movement.   The harm comes when something tragic happens, such as the death of one partner or a natural diaster, under the law if we are not married then we are considered strangers.  Nevertheless, this is getting the cart before the horse--the question is whether or not marriage is to be redefined and changed.
because they are not adults unless you are in favor of lowering the age of adults to 15?  oh, so we can apply standards then for marriage and moral issues like this? Ok, so you only believe "I do support people should be allowed to live in any relationship" for whom you choose, which happens to be adults. What makes someone believing in a different criteria any more wrong/right then you? equality for all or equality for none, marriage for all or marriage for no one. Wait what? You mean equality for all that you want to be equal...  You miss entirely the point of a democracy if you think enacting laws against the relationships and sex lives of consulting adults is anything but tyranny. You don't give a damn about the freedom democracy is supposed to protect. Because only adults have rights? Yeah, and I am the one that wants tyranny. You are the one that wishes to entact laws against 15yr olds. Why is this? "because they are not adults". So what? Why is that answer better then "because it isn't between a man and women".  You consistently blow off civil rights and rights to bodily autonomy. So do you. You don't think an unborn has a right to his/her own body. We of course, are assuming this right even exists.  You wish to utlize your vote to force people to live the lives you want them to live based on the guidelines of your religion and your morality. Pretty much yeah. I want people to live their lives based on my beliefs. But do you not want the same? You want me to live in a society that allows abortion and gay marriage. Why should I have be subject to your religion and morality!! How dare you!
Was not trying to be politically correct.  I sincerely find the idea of an eternity with religious fundamentalists who isnult my family - well hell. Now that's funny LOL,LOL. Not being PC? Your posts and stances say otherwise.
I suppose being the pup I know you are, it may be hard for you to see the difference between children and adults, but they do exist.  Provide me some compelling evidence that 15 year olds are able to handle the legal responsibilities of adulthood (like a marriage contract) and I will be all for it. It will mean my kid will have to start supporting himself three years sooner than planned!  Your rude comments aside, If I find compelling evidence that gay couples don't make good families would this mean you would rather disallow it? Who are you to say that all 17yr olds can't marry and can't consent but someone of 18 is able? Seems like you wish to make a standard and impose it on others. Yet when I do the same it is tyranny. Interesting contradiction you have.   Not when soley dependent upon my body functions.   So now the standard is dependency. Stop changing the rules. Bodily autonomy seems irrelevant when killing another human in your mind. I feel bad for conjoined twins in your world. Nevertheless, why stop with just body dependency? Why we can't we take it further? At 1minute old you are dependent on someone. Since they are, you should have the right to end their life correct..or maybe even just remove them from your care, say put them in a dumpster? Good luck buddy!     Gays marriage will not impact your rights, freedoms or hurt you in way way. You can even hate gays if it tickles your fancy. They aren't demanding you be gay or that you even like gays. You can continue your "I'm a macho straight guy and think XXXXXX are gross" lifestyle if you like. They aren't demanding YOU do anything. They aren't imposing ANYTHING on you. That is what YOU are doing.  Plus I would like to point out that we were talking about gay sex and sex in general. Whether or not your pervy butt should be able to vote on the sex lives of consenting adults. How dare you say what will and won't impact my rights or freedoms or how I feel!! You are trying to make a choice for me!!! Stop trying to impose your beliefs on me!! Please, it is a two sided coin.  This is ridiculous. You're picking at every little thing you can. Your argument is fallacious and childish. The point is that we won't live the way you want us to because we are our own people. I have bodily autonomy; I as an adult can enter into a relationship with ANOTHER CONSENTING ADULT and you have no say in this matter. Nor should your bible. Your political views here are reaching dangerously close to fascism. So because my views are different from yours my views are fascism and yours are right. Tell me something, do you believe a person should be allowed to marry a cow? If not, then why? It surely is his body and his life. Why do you wish to impose your beliefs on other people?  Inconsistenancy is tearing you all up :)
The government's case is based on federal drug laws, that a physician should not be allowed to prescribe controlled substances to enable suicides. Oregon, my current state of residence, has the only legislation allowing assisted suicide (for terminal health issues) in the US. It was affirmed by popular vote, reaffirmed by popular vote and blessed by the federal 9th circuit of appeals. Interestingly enough, the Catholic and Mormon populations of Oregon voted in favor of the law, resisted only by fundamentalist Christian sects.  I don't know if you want me to respond, but I really haven't read the briefs or much about the case so I prefer not to comment on it. The briefs are like 60 pages each so that seems like it might take some time.
But they got on television and said that gays, atheists, feminists and liberals were responsible for the deaths of 3000 people by terrorists. You are tell us here that they aren't as bad as Phelps??? You're sh*tting me, right?  well let's see, one has picketed funerals of slain gay people, said that gay people burn in hell, and has perhaps the most hate-oriented website on the entire internet. He blames every national-level disaster on gays and has never apoplogized for any of it, he travels around the country literally making it his life's work to put out hate speech about gays.  The other two make a comment linking homosexuality and 9/11, for which they later apologized for.  No, I don't think there's much of a comparison.  It is these evangelicals who continuously insist that they speak for all "god-fearing" Americans. If you are saying that they do not speak for you, and people like you, you are obligated to speak up on the matter.  No, not at all. I have absolutely no obligation to you to do anything. It's not my fault you assume someone who claims to speak for a group is automatically right. heck I could easily assume Andrew Sullivan speaks for all gays, but I've got enough sense to know that's probably not the case. Good grief. Surely you aren't THAT naive.
If you don't want to speak out then don't complain that someone is basing their opinion of all evangelicals by phelps's actions. Hey Matt, if that paintbrush were any broader, you could paint a room in just five minutes
In one statement he complaines that phelps dosen't speak for all evangelicals. He is asked why don't evangelicals speak out against phelps. He answered that evangelicals are under no obligation to speak out. I am stateing taht if you don't want to speak out then don't complain when someone compares phelps to evangelicals.  One would think you would simply want to be honest and have the desire to not generalize by representing the situation as it is, regardless of whether evangelicals speak out. but hey, that would require you to have a desire for the truth--why start now? emoticon_rolleyes
You can't. I am raising my son with a gay man. I am living the truth that they do. You can't disprove my own life to me. That wasn't the question. I said "IF I could find evidence".   It won't impact your rights at all. It will not prevent you from marrying a woman. It may impact how you feel, but it will not impact your rights. That is plain and simple fact. It may impact things I can and can't do. And you are forcing this upon me.  No. That is not why. Your views are facist because you wish to impose your morality in regards to sex on marriage on others against their will, when their morality does not do one iota of harm to anything but your sensibilities. But you wish to do the same thing with men that wish to have a relationship with a goat or two 12yr olds.   Cows can't consent to marriage. I think you have watched too many Disney movies. In the real world animals can't talk or get married or do anything that people do. So what? What do you care about the cow. It isn't your life.   You keep attempting to make parallels between gay relationships and relationships with children or animals or rapists, claiming that denying those who are into bestiality or pedophilia or sexual assualt is imposing on them. There is HUGE AND OBVIOUS gap between those examples and homosexual relationships. Homosexual relationships consist of CONSENTING parties. Children and animals can not consent, and the whole point of rape is that one of the parties did not consent (otherwise it would not be rape) - so there is only one party whose interest is being served - so in those cases they are imposing - - kind of like you wish to do. You are telling me that a 17 yr old can't consent but an 18yr old can? Hopefully you aren't just referring legally because this would be silly. In my state a 17yr old can consent to sex but not marriage. I don't see how this is NOT related anyway. If you set standards that limit who can and can't marry then you are IMPOSING A MORAL CODE ON SOMEONE. When you say a 14yr old can't drive or 17yr old can't smoke you are imposing a moral standard on people. You probably don't even realize how many laws you have that impose a moral standard on people.
I am living the truth that they do. You can't disprove my own life to me.  Hmm . . . sounds like the same thing that people who claim to be ex-gay say, when opponents refuse to believe them under any circumstances.
If you set standards that limit who can and can't marry then you are IMPOSING A MORAL CODE ON SOMEONE.  Bingo.  And that's the bottom line of all of what you are saying. I think everyone knows your point is not to advocate these other kids of relationships, but to show that they are ALL cases of gay people showing inconsistency by imposing a moral code in these other cases. The biggest failure of the gay rights message is it's inconsistency. If they are truly for equality, they should make marriage truly equal for everyone. If not, then be honest enough to admit that their message is not truly equality, but simply moving the boundaries of marriage a bit.
What is being forced upon you, exactly?    It is beyond me that anyone can compare two consenting adults to man and goat or man and 2 12 year olds.  If I can come up with one way that gays being allowed to marry will affect my life will you now be against it? If yes, then I will tell you one.  As for comparing two 12 yr olds. Well, if you can't comprehend that then why does someone have to comprehend two men getting married? You still set a standard!! Who's to say the other standard isn't just as valid.
You can't. I know this like I know the sky is blue. You saying this is like me asking you "Would you believe I was an angel if I sprouted wings and flew away". I can't sprout wings and you can't prove gay families are any more harmful than straight ones. If you aren't going to answer the question then just say you won't.  Like what? Specify please. Nobody is asking you to be gay, marry a man, or even like gay people. Nothing is being imposed on you. At all. Not one thing.  You are imposing on me right now.  Of course I am talking legally. There has to be a limit to when one is a legal adult.  haha, ok then. Since we just use legal terms, two men can't marry becaue it violates the definition of marriage set forth by law. Looks like you just shot yourself in the foot there.  If you think 16 is better - make your arguments and go for getting the legal adult age limit changed - but it does need to be somewhere. If you think marriage should be different, go vote and get the law changed. Wow, I was right this whole time.  Of course we set these standards. But there are valid reasons. You need to have a certain level of sense and coordination to operate a motor vehicle. When we set up a rule there has to be a reason. It serves the better good to not let rapists hurt people for example. You can't marry kids because it's molestation. The law is there to protect people from a real damage that can be done.  Two adults in a consenting relationship doesn't hurt one damned thing. Offending your religion and pushing the button on your ick factor are not valid reasons to impose a rule on somebody. You smoking weed normally only hurts the person doing it. Is this law bad? Prostitution is sex between 2 consenting adults. SHould this be legal? Two 17yr olds can have sex but can't marry, is this inconsisent? A man looking at naked children is illegal (even if he didn't take the pictures) but isn't this going against his will? A person beating his dogs (that he bought) to near death is illegal, but shouldn't he be allowed to do what he wants with his own property? I could go on for hours of examples of a moral code we place on society. What makes you think an arguement for a moral code against homosexual sodemy is any less valid that it shouldn't be allowed to be voted on?
Either homosexual relationships are good or not. If they are bad, then you cannot be for civil unions, marriage, domestic partnerships or any recognition.  Wow. I think you're the first person I've run into on these threads that doesn't grasp the concept of disapproving of something from a moral standpoint, while supporting it from a legal standpoint.
Wow. I think you're the first person I've run into on these threads that doesn't grasp the concept of disapproving of something from a moral standpoint, while supporting it from a legal standpoint.  Yeah, but there is a really fine line here. I may believe that gay marriage is morally wrong but believe right now it legally shouldn't be but I would like there to be a law banning it.  (note: this may not be my actual view on this issue) The point is, one has to be careful when doing this because you could say "I am morally against slavery but I don't want to impose my moral beliefs on others".
Why should your answer depend upon whether I will change my position on the issue? Either your answer is good enough to challenge my position or it is not.   I am rather disappointed in you. I thought you were better than this. I ask not because I want your approve but because I want to see what your standard is. You don't believe others should be able to impact anothers life that might or does hurt them or effect them in anyway. My point is that all laws do this. So the question becomes is this really your standard. If so, then if I find a reason why what you want will effect my life then by your standard you have to be against it. Make sense now?  I've answered this before. If the genders are equal under the law, then restricting marriage based on gender is unconstitutional. We restrict many things based on age due to lack of informed consent. Rather than base age restrictions on each individual's maturity level, governments have chosen to set an arbitrary age limit (some places say 16 or younger, others say 18). Now, one could argue that setting an arbitrary age limit is wrong, or that the limit should be younger or older, but that will not change my point, which is that the issue of age limit deals with informed consent. We restrict things based on gender as well. Now the purpose of age restrictions are that they represent a difference in a 16yr old in a 40yr old. The purpose of gender restrictions are the same, they represent a differene in a male and female. One example would be that there are laws protecting a strip club to not allow a male worker.
Yeah, but there is a really fine line here. I may believe that gay marriage is morally wrong but believe right now it legally shouldn't be but I would like there to be a law banning it. The point is, one has to be careful when doing this because you could say "I am morally against slavery but I don't want to impose my moral beliefs on others".  In some cases I definetely agree with you. I think for me the line is drawn with this issue in that I am morally opposed to marriage being redefined but I am in favor of giving couples' benefits to same-sex people. For me those don't have to be one and the same.
I am aware that this is the legal situation. Trying to change it. Get it? So what do you have against people that don't want to change it? You say they shouldn't be allowed to vote on this issue but for other issues like legal age to consent, it is ok to vote. Why the double standard?   I do vote. I can also work to influence. Hence all this debating.   Then why do you think people shouldn't be allowed to vote on this issue?  No. Lots of people have sex outside of marriage. The two are hardly mutually exclusive. But they can't consent to both.  The problem lies less with his viewing and more with the fact that a child was victimized to create the pictures. Doesn't matter. I said he didn't take the pictures. Shouldn't he be allowed to do it?  Nope - it hurts the dog.  What do you care? It is his property. He should be allowed to do whatever he wants with this property RIGHT?   The people engaging in it are capable, thinking, consenting adults and neither is being harmed. Therefore their sexual activity falls quite strictly in the realm of none of your damned business. A man beating his dog is none or your damn business, a person beating his wife in the privacy of his home is "none of your damn business", Maybe you don't get it, but we make things our business. We legislate morality for a better society. I guess you wish to live a society that has no rules. This would be good for all of 2 seconds.   Nevertheless, you still haven't shown why we shouldn't be allowed to legislate morality. There is nothing proventing this. This whole debate is about whether or not we should be allowed to vote on certain issues. You impose a moral code of non-morals on me by saying I shouldn't be allowed to vote on a moral code. How inconsistent is that!
Frankly we didn't vote on any of those issues. We vote for representatives to create laws. Those laws should serve a purpose that is more beneficial than harmful. Laws against gay marriage are more harmful than beneficial as gay marriage will not harm straight people at all, but denying it will harm gay people. says you...some have different opinions on this. Are they invalid because you say so?  Nope. And?  so you find it ok that while 17 yr olds can consent to sex they can't consent to marriage? This seems like an odd standard...maybe one that might harm some or might not. Hmmm, maybe we should be allowed to decide this moral code by voting.  No, because the photograghs themselves are illegal and should be brought to the attention of the authorities. So you wish to impose a moral code on someone.  Once again a law was created weighing out the good and the bad here. More damage is done by allowing animal cruelty (even though said animal is your property) then it is requesting that you treat your animal with dignity.  Atleast we can see that you feel a dog is more important then a human. Killing a human, ok, since it is "property" but a dog!!! HELL NO. haha, great standard, and a moral one at that.  No. I just do not wish to enact rules that serve no positive purpose. Laws against gay sex or gay marriage do not do ANYTHING to benefit society AT ALL. Who are you to say what is a postive purpose or not? Why is it that someone else thinks as "postivie purpose" is not as good as what you think? Maybe they should be allowed to vote on this :)
What does standards have to do with the fact that you will not answer the question? While there is no doubt that all laws passed do have some impact on society (be it positive or negative), that doesn't negate that fact that all laws have to be constitutional. And right now, as long as marriage laws deny marriage rights to same-sex couples, they are unconstitutional. Why? Well, since the constitution treats genders equally, the law cannot justify restricting marriage based on the gender of the participants. Now we are on a law basis. Stop switching. Legally you can't restrict gay marriage the same way you can restrict homosexual sodomy. You can restrict people based on age and gender with a rational basis test because people of different ages and gender has signficiant differences. Now race is different and this has to be done by a strict scruntity test. This is not "new" it has been used many times in our courts.  The same cannot be said for marriage, since we do not assign any roles to gender in society any more (as much as some would like to keep it that way), at least not legally. This makes no sense and I don't really understand your point. You say we have historically discriminated and thats ok (with bathrooms) but this is not...based on what?
Steeeeve, I think Jitobear got a little too sensitive when I called her on her political correctness.
Steeeeve, I think Jitobear got a little too sensitive when I called her on her political correctness.  haha political correctness? I think it is sad when it is politically correct to support a dog over another human...
haha political correctness? I think it is sad when it is politically correct to support a dog over another human... I got a rather nasty PM from her today.
 Opinion schminion. Provide solid examples of how gay marriage will harm. Substantial ones. Not vague religious philosophical musings about it weakening traditional marriage. Real, concrete examples of how it will hurt you. So now my views are not concrete because they are religious? What if I had the same beliefs of a non-religious side? Maybe I believe it will harm society. Why is this not a valid belief?  First of all we don't vote on individual laws.  Secondly, I already answered the other question. Sex and marrage are not mutually exclusive - one is a much bigger deal than the other - legally and otherwise. So your moral code is that marriage is bigger then sex...well, why is your standard above anyone elses. What if someone holds that sex is above marriage?  No. I think laws should be used for a good reason. Child porn hurts kids and therefore is illegal. When found it should be turned over to the authorities. Who are you to say it hurts kids...maybe the kid wanted to do it...but can't because you wish to impose a moral code on him/her? Oh, thats right, they can't consent in your mind, but who are you to decide who can and can't consent...sounds like another moral code.  If you are trying to summarize my stance on abortion here - don't. You do this all the time, and like always, your summary is wrong. I will not answer this argument, since you made it up and has nothing to do with my stance on anything.  If you are going to argue against my view point - at least ensure that it is mine - otherwise you are talking to yourself. How can one not see it the way I did? You say we should treat a dog with dignity but since you wish to rank humans, you place some humans below dogs. The truth hurts sometimes.  Two consenting adults engaging in sex or marriage does not hurt you. Period. You may not like that they do it, but that is YOUR problem and should not be their's. Does two consenting minors engaging in sex hurt you?
Hey Steeeeve, I hope you're being facecious, here. You're beginning to scare me.
I think he's just exaggerating, I hope.
Hey Steeeeve, I hope you're being facecious, here. You're beginning to scare me. yeah I am. If you can destroy someones theory by using their own logic then all the better.  WHy does Jitobear have this idea that people should do what they want and no one should and impose a moral code but then turn around and decide to impose a moral code? I believe you can impose a moral code so long as people vote for it. Jitobear thinks we can't vote on some things.  In other words, I am trying to show her that she is inconsistent in her thinking.
So if youir lived in a area where the majority of people were wiccans and they all vote to close all chistian churches and all must become wiccan; you would be all right with that then? After all by your theory everything should be up for a vote. Would I be ok with them voting on it? Yeah, but I wouldn't vote for it and would probably move. Now if they forced me to stay and decided to torture me, then I might take up arms.   Now this example we would be assuming our constitution is a lot different.
Jitobear doesn't have that idea.   Jitobear told you specifically that laws should serve a purpose. I do not believe it is up to government to legislate morality. There is substantial enough evidence that child porn does enough damage in society to outlaw it.  Gay sex and gay marriage do not harm you in any way that you can substantiate. The only reason laid out is that some people's religions consider it sin. Well tough. Freedom of religion in part means you don't to impose adhearance to your faith. Who are you to decide what serves a purpose or not? seems like maybe you want to apply some standard to everyone... If 95% of people feel gay marriage should be outlawed then maybe it serves a purpose to have it outlawed. And why can't I impose my faith? I can impose my non-faith views but can't impose my faith-based views? That seems to be against freedom of religion.
For the non-faithful to be imposing on you they would have to demand you not practice your religion. Nobody is doing that. But they could! 1 amendment means I can't practice my religion  99% percent can think it causes harm - I don't care. Back it up. Provide substancial evidence that you will be harmed. Shooting somebody causes them harm. This is not my opinion. It's fact. Hurt, bleading, possibly may die. Fact. That is what I mean by substantial evidence that something does harm. There is none that gay sex and gay marriage do. No reason to outlaw it - regardless of how 95% may feel about it (and the numbers aren't that high anyway). It might hurt someone from a spiritual standpoint...but this is not good enough for you I assume. Or maybe I should say it hurts them from an emotional standpoint. Is being hurt from an emotional standpoint not a good enough reason to impose a moral standard on someone?
Or maybe I should say it hurts them from an emotional standpoint. Is being hurt from an emotional standpoint not a good enough reason to impose a moral standard on someone?  But don't you know? That only works if it's religion causing emotional hurt. by all those verbal "attacks." emoticon_rolleyes
Well - I suppose you are right. The masses could also potentially vote to make you wear pink tutus to work. I fail to see what this has to with the argument. The point is, you can vote on just about anything. Why shouldn't this be allowed? If people in Kansas don't want gay marriage, let them.  But to pass laws to prevent it is in opposition to gay people's freedom from your religion. Provide concrete, solid evidence that gay marriage will cause anyone any kind of harm in the secular realm we all share. Creating the law for any other reason is tyranny. Maybe you misread the 1st amendment. No one has a freedom from anything my religion believes. For example my religion believes murder is illegal but we don't say I am imposing my religious beliefs on people. This would hold true even I was argueing for a law against murder for the sole reason that my faith was against it. Motives are not outlawed in our country.  Provide concrete, solid evidence that gay marriage will cause anyone any kind of harm in the secular realm we all share. Creating the law for any other reason is tyranny. The point is, all homosexuals want laws supporting their cause for emotional reasons as well. Does outlawing gay marriage cause them to bleed? No. Does disallowing homosexual sodemy give homosexuals cancer? No. They just happen to want these things. And thats fine. Vote on it. Others can vote against it for emotional reasons.   Steeeeve doesn't understand that GLBT people are hurt everyday. He doesn't understand that we could be thrown out of our homes, not be able to make decisions for our partners, or if we have children they could be taken away. Even if we have the proper legal paperwork, homophobic, evangelical families could still do harm to us. Without marriage we have no protections. See, these are all emotional.   Oh please... Grow a spine, would you? It might hurt someone spiritually. Be quiet. Lemme get this straight-- you'd be hurt emotionally if you saw to men or two women in a loving relationship together? Is that what I said? No. But if someone is hurt spirtually I am not going to make fun of them because this is just as legimate as being hurt emotionally.   Get over yourself. If this is your argument against gay marriage, then my advice is to shut up. Maybe you should stop insulting people and actually read what was written. I never said anything that would indicate my position here. My whole arguement is that people should be allowed to vote on this issue. Imposing a moral code is something this country does. We can do this by voting. So I suggest form now on you read what is written.
Becuase banning gay marriage does more harm than good. Says you, but maybe 95% of people feel differently. I don't think you are saying that you are all knowing.  I most certainly have not. Freedom of religion means you can practice and it also means I can tell your religion to eff off. You have no right whatsoever to impose your faith. Imposed faith is one of the main reasons a whole lotta people left Europe and came here in the first place. Our laws against murder aren't there because of your religion.  Many of our laws were created for many reasons. Some in the house might have voted for a law on murder for religious reasons, others not. The point is, you can vote basedon religious reasons if you want to. Nothing is restricting your motives for what you do.  Wow. So you actually believe that coddling some religion's sensibilities is on equal ground as the desire for to protection one's family? Really, if you think value of people and family should be up for a vote - then I suspect you are beyond any kind of sane dialogue.  This seems ironic considering you value people differenlty...but abortion aside....are those arguements not emotional? Are you saying someone will not be just as hurt if laws helping gays are forced upon the american people? You have no room to say this...you don't know everyone.  No they shouldn't. Gay marriage will not harm or impact anyone but gay people. Those who have some moral opposition based on religion should not be allowed to vote to legitamize their bigotry. See! You are for a dicatorship where your views are king. Why can't people that feel gay marriage will harm them vote that way? Who are you to say it won't hurt them? For someone that doesn't like imposing moral codes on people you sure do a lot of it.  It's not something we should do. You don't get to determine my morality. maybe not, but I can determine the laws you have which can be part of morality...even if you might not believe in it. Even so, what if someone believed gay marriage will cause children to grow up in a bad enviroment, are they not entitled to this view? This is flirting with morality but one could make the arguement that it would do more harm to kids then not...this reminds me of 10yrs old being married..you said it does more harm then good. Hmmm.
  I am sure they feel that way. I am saying they need to do more than feel that way. They need to PROVE IT will harm them - in a REAL way. Not offend their philosohy - but really do some damage.  I have been around gay people since I was a child. My son's father is gay.  I KNOW that gay families are not a bad place for kids. Heck - their kids will tell you so. I KNOW that their relationships do not harm me, or you, or anyone else.  If the recognition of gay relationships is something you feel will harm you - it is completely SELF INFLICTED.  Still your opinion...no one needs to convince you of anything. They just need to convince the majority of people..don't ya think?  Yes - that is EXACTLY what I am saying. I have room to say anything I please. I don't need to know everyone to know gay marriage won't hurt them. I note that you have yet to tell me how it will. It doesn't matter if no one has told you. It is what they feel. Maybe you should try convincing them otherwise. Until then, they should be allowed to vote how they feel.  They are entitled to any view they want. Granted this view is wrong, but they can have it. Many gay people are parents (even biologically). Did you misquote me?
 I am not saying they don't feel it. I am saying I don't give a rat's rear how they feel about it. Just because they feel something is icky doesn't mean they get to mandate how other's live their lives. Putting restrictions on people is serious business in a free society. You better have damned good reason or you don't deserve to be free.  At this point - I have yet seen a good reason to put restrictions on gay relationships. Offending your religion doesn't cut it. We live in a democracy though. You could have no reason and still vote for something. You aren't required to have a good reason to vote. You can vote based on looks of the candidate if you want. In a free society you can make a law that puts restrictions on people. Freedom works both ways.
Once upon a time, the majority of mankind thought the Earth was flat. emoticon_rolleyes And that a woman's place was barefoot, pregnant and in the kitchen. And that African American's were sub-human. Once upon a time. Not too long ago.  Our children and grandchildren will say, "Once upon a time, people thought homosexuality was a mental defect and they weren't even allowed to marry." Once upon a time.  And there are people in here, today, that will join the ranks of the flat-earth people, tomorrow....once again. As history continues to repeat itself. Some things never change. emoticon_rolleyes   And the beat goes on................................................................  The majority will always think something...what does that prove? If the majority says murder is wrong does this mean soon we will find it to be ok?
Once upon a time, the majority of mankind thought the Earth was flat. emoticon_rolleyes And that a woman's place was barefoot, pregnant and in the kitchen. And that African American's were sub-human. Once upon a time. Not too long ago.  Our children and grandchildren will say, "Once upon a time, people thought homosexuality was a mental defect and they weren't even allowed to marry." Once upon a time.  Ha! Yeah, I can hear it now . . .  "Grandpa, could you tell me the story again about how gay people legalized a form of sexual vice and called it marriage?"  "Sure, hon, sort of like polygamists are trying to do today. We need to be tolerant of them though. They're oriented toward doing that."  Progress!
No - what he is telling you is that what the majority thinks is irrelevant. If a thing is wrong - it's wrong, regardless of how many think it's right.  I agree with that. But who are you to say it is right or wrong?
Who am I to say oppression is wrong??!!! WOW!!! - you think pretty highly of me. I actually did not figure that one out on my own. I was taught that. Apparently there are many who have yet to learn it.  Who are you to call it oppression and who are you to say it is wrong?
What would you call putting restrictions on people when what you are restricting does not hurt you at all? who are you to say it doesn't hurt me? Does two 16yr olds marrying hurt you?
We are the ones being oppresed and I think that from our, the GLBT, point of view it is wrong. From the conservatives point of view oppression has always been proper. The following is some conservate sentaments thoughout the years."Those stupid liberal Abolitionists tring to get rid of slavery. Don't they know that it would ruin the US Economy." "Those stupid women they don't need the right to vote they should just do what their husbands tell them and stay in the home."  WE can't get married to the person of our choice that is oppression.  LOL, No. the issue of slavery and women's rights don't just fit right over the top of gay rights like a boot over a foot. Slavery wasn't a fight of liberalism versus conservatism in any sense of what those terms mean today. In fact it was as much a state's rights thing as any. If you are going to try and fit one issue over the other as analogy, one could just as easily argue that the abolitionists represent the people trying to protect marriage from the gay pride movement, and that the gay pride movement represents the push for slavery. The point is of course, that it really doesn't fit either way.  It makes a decent tactic for your movement though.
 A human with a functioning brain. Any hurt that happens to you as a result of gay people having sex or getting married is completely self inflicted. So you wish to determine what hurts me and what doesnt?  It doesn't. But they are not yet afforded the rights as adults that will make marriage a difficulty so its best to have them wait. For legality's sake an age needed to be determined - 18 was it. Plus I think they can get married with parental consent.  Anyway. Legal age limits serve a distinct and reasonable purpose.  Banning gay sex and marriage does not.  And it won't hurt you. I have even been to a gay wedding and I am perfectly fine! Amazing, huh? Maybe banning gay marraige serves a distinct and reasonable purpose to some.   It seems you just want to have what you say be true and have everyone else follow that...eventhough, at the same time, you preach we shouldn't impose beliefs on others...  We are the ones being oppresed and I think that from our, the GLBT, point of view it is wrong. From the conservatives point of view oppression has always been proper. The following is some conservate sentaments thoughout the years."Those stupid liberal Abolitionists tring to get rid of slavery. Don't they know that it would ruin the US Economy." "Those stupid women they don't need the right to vote they should just do what their husbands tell them and stay in the home." And you know what we did to change these things? convinced the people and voted on the issues. For slavery it sadly took at war (althought more was there then just slavery). Notice none of the above were decided bya judge.
No. Reality does. Maybe I think your tennies hurt me. But in reality they don't (unless you beat me over the head with them). Maybe I think the bottle of water next to me is talking - but that doesn't mean it is.  If gay marriage will hurt you - demonstrate it. That or just admit you are being oppressive. You would accept some forms of hurt. So how can someone convince you? And hurt is not everything. What if someone just thinks it is wrong? Slavery doesn't hurt me, but I believe it to be wrong.   Lets apply your stance on abortion here to see if you are inconsistent in your thinking. YOu believe that someone should do whatever they want with there body above whether or not it hurts someone (as abortion obviously kills someone). So if you tell me I can't do something (such as be opposed to gay marriage or feel that gay marriage hurts my life in a spirtual or emotional way) because this hurts others then aren't you putting hurt over what I want to do with my body? After all, body is your mind as well isnt it? You don't want me to make decisions in your life yet you want to make decisions in mine? How does that work? Your inconsistent thinking leads down a bad path.  Forcing others to appease the tenents of your faith is not reasonable in a free society. Who said it had to be just faith? Someone can oppose gay marriage for moral reasons of their own. Is this now reasonable? Besides your "faith" says 17yr olds shouldn't marry...why do you force other sto appease to your faith but I can't do the same? Inconsistent again.   You do not have to have a gay marriage. Even if it's legal. I swear. You can still marry some poor girl. But you are still forcing me to live a certain life. What if I am an employer who is Catholic and 100% against gay marriage. The policy of the company is that if you hire a person you have to offer a job to their spouse (this is common by the way). Now the employer is FORCED to do something 100% against his beliefs. He has to accept gay marriages. So don't think you aren't forcing beliefs on others.
Say I own a company I would be required to keep that same catholic on the payroll because I can't fire him because he is protected by law. If the religious people can fire gay people because they are gay I want to be able to fire religious because they are religious people. I don't want to offer religious people benefits because they hold certain beliefs. As long as religious people can legally discriminate against gay people I want the same right to discriminate against religious people. ok? This is a a slightly different topic though. My point in that was that Jitobear wishes to say I can't impose my beliefs on others but she is doing that same thing. I think you can impose a moral code so long as people vote on it. If you want to be able to discriminate against religious people then vote for it.
In other words, you believe majorities should be able to discriminate but minorities shouldn't. No, try re-reading what I wrote: If you want to be able to discriminate against religious people then vote for it. Do I believe you should be allowed to discriminate? Well sometimes. I think you can discriminate based on age such as 15yr olds not being allowed to marry. But yeah, the majority can vote in discrimination against anyone I guess (doesn't mean I would be for it...or vote for it). I understand this to be part of "freedom"..you are free to restrict freedom. I'm glad you asked about my position though...for the past 20 posts or so I really haven't talked about my own personal opinion.
I read what you wrote, you think a voting majority should be able to discriminate against minorities.  Perhaps you should read it a third time.   Majorities being able to oppress minorities through the ballot box is a form of freedom? That's rich.  Democracy and freedom are two very different things.  nah, they are similiar that in a free society you can actually restrict freedom because you are free to do so. Democracy is commonly referred to as a "free" society anyway.
Well that is what democracy is after all.  But of course you are correct that this is not freedom. Democracy may be referred to as a 'free' society, because it's just about the closest thing we have, but that does not mean it is actually free or anything like it.  Aren't we just splitting hairs at this point? Democracy and "free society" are referred to as the same thing.
Perhaps you should just admit that you believe the oppression of the minority by the majority is a legitimate use of the ballot box. After three times of not being able to read you have just failed and I can't give you another chance.  I think you can impose a moral code so long as people vote on it. If you want to be able to discriminate against religious people then vote for it. I do believe you can impose a moral code. But this doesn't have to be oppression of the minority. For example a law saying 17yr olds can't marry is a moral code but does it "oppress" the minority? I'd say not. I then further say that if one (matthew S) wishes to discriminate against religious people then he needs to vote that way. This was indicate that he is for oppression, maybe, but all I was saying is that with voting you can vote on anything...sometimes this leads down a bad path but you can vote for that bad path. I do like how you have chaned your comment though...you said "In other words, you believe majorities should be able to discriminate but minorities shouldn't." but now have changed it to say the quote at the top.  A free society where you can restrict freedom isn't free for long. Take America, for example. Thank you Calhoun
I think we should put to a vote, the right of the religious extremists, to vote at all. What say ye?  If the majority agrees, they have no say in anything anymore. Isn't that the way Steeeeeve says it should be done? Put it to a vote?  If gay marriage were as spelled out in the constitution the way voting is, I might agree with you. But it's not. The best you can do with gay marriage is to make it fit into an amendment that doesn't specifically mention it, that was written about an unrelated issue. With the legality of the issue so vague, what do you expect? If you want to avoid people voting on issues like this, perhaps you should follow historical precedent in dealing with civil rights issues and get an amendment passed that spells it out.
What? Do you think the sun rises and sets in your rear? It hurt the SLAVES. They were real live people that were being hurt by a majority who just thought it was wrong to grant them rights as people. Ok, so if the law hurts someone else then it shouldn't be a law or you shouldn't force others to go by it? Very well then, what forms of hurt are allowable? Are emotional forms of hurt allowable? Does it have to be actual cuts? If it is just emotional then a law making gay marraige legal might hurt me emotional. Who are you to say it doesn't? This would be a law hurting someone and thus void by your standard here. Maybe it is "who gets hurt worse". Once again, who are you to determine this? I simply vote would solve this problem though.  This argument is barely followable. Demostrate how you will be harmed by gay marriages. Many in this forum have demonstrated how gay people and families are hurt by not allowing it. Tag your it. Prove hurting your little feeling matters more than protection for families. I'm just showing how your view on abortion is not consistent with your views on gay rights. You state that laws shouldn't hurt people but you are for killing someone. How is killing not a form of hurt? You might say "it hurts the mother worse"...which is not really your call, but nevertheless I am not sure how "financial health"(for example) is worse then someone killing you. Your standard on abortion needs to be consistent inorder for us to take your seriously. My views on gay rights(which none of you know) and abortion are consistent if you wish to find out.  My faith says absolutley nothing about 17 year olds getting married. the law does. Change it. Frankly I don't care. I just understand the reasoning behind it. What? Now you are for 17yr old getting married, what about 5 yr olds? I guess a 10yr old should be allowed to smoke weed and take some cocaine for his bus ride to school.  He could quit. What if he owns the company? Shut it down? You wish to force views on this mans life and cause him all this trouble? Double standard.    Would you vote to further that oppression, though, steve? You've been talking about how if you don't like something then just vote on it, and I'll ask you, would you vote to restrict a homosexual's rights to marry the man or woman he/she loves? I'm glad you asked for my opinion. For the marriage thing, I believe we have actually gone over my views on that. Check the thread by that WM guy a few back. As for allowing gay couples to adopt, I have no stance at this time. As for homosexual sodomy (or any for that matter), mixed views but would probably vote to make the choice up to a person...this isn't protected by the constitution though.
As far as your stance on gay marriage, it appears to me that you are not in favor of it. I will then ask: Are you for homosexual civil unions?  I don't quite understand what you mean as far as the sodomy goes. As for gay marriage and civil unions please refer to the link provided http://4forums.com/political/showthread.php?t=6305&page=35&pp=15 about post 525 or so...on that page.  He toys with the idea that gay sex should be illegal. A very misrepresentation of my position...I said sodomy not just homosexual sodomy.
This whole thread has gotten whacko--the issue isn't imposing a moral view to begin with. It has never been. The issue is one of redefining marriage, pure and simple. Broadening it to the point of meaninglessness.  If wanting to see marriage continue to mean something rather than anything-goes is "imposing," then heck, I'll take that moniker any day.
Marriage by any other name, isn't marriage....it doesn't carry the same weight of words....words can be very powerful. SOmetimes calling the same thing by another name, changes the meaning drastically.  Ironically, it only has 'powerful' meaning because opposite-sex couples made it that way, since it's an opposite sex institution.
gay marriage was never legal in the US until Massachusetts did it. I am not seeing how we are all of a sudden not the land of the free.
i dont care about seperation of church and state, the U.S. was based on the Bible and the Christian religion. If you want to flee from America so yo can get married then go ahead, if it makes you happy.
Matt, this so-called "separation of church and state" never existed in the US Constitution. It was present in the former Soviet Union!!
Are you seriuosly advocating a theocracy? Do you really think this is what your Bible tells you your God desires? Forced adhearance? The actually feelings of the individual toward your God are completely irrelevant just so long as they follow by his rules? It matters not to him what is in our heart's? This is what you get out of the fact that the man after whom your religion is named made a point of not getting political? The LITERAL interpretation of the first amendment is read that government shall not interfere with matters of the church. Not the other way around. Contrary to popular opinion. You cannot take God out of the marketplace of ideas.
Maybe it is high time we wiped the nation clean of all public displays of religion. If any religion preaches against gay people it is time for it to go. Ain't going to happen. Contrary to what you may think, the vast majority of Americans still profess to religious ideals.
Actually a LITERAL interpretation is that the government can't make any laws that RESPECT the ESTABLISHMENT of religion.   You forgot the all-important 2nd part which I believe is what Bassman was talking about<b></b>: "or prohibiting the free exercise thereof."
Why are christians so bent on this one when it just isn't true! Most of the founding fatherrs were free masons...diests who did not believe in the judeo-christian bible. I know you would all love that not to be true, but it is true. You cannot just re-write history to fit your needs......This country was not founded on the bible. Infact it was founded by people who dispised the bible. "We have staked the whole future of American Civilization... upon the capacity of each and all of us to govern ourselves according to the Ten Commandments of God" James Madison Chief Framer of the U.S. Constitution. Yes, some were diests, but all of the U.S. founding fathers conducted themselves according to the Christian doctrine, and believe it would be best for society to conduct themselves according to the morals of the religon becuase Christian teachings prevented moral anarchy.
And now it is time wipe the nation clean of religion in the law and the pubic square. It is fine if people want to practice religion in their homes and churches but the rest of us should not have to look at, be passively involved in, or bound by laws that relect religious teachings of any kind.   So you don't want laws against murder and stealing? I can agree with you about oppressive laws, but just because some laws have a religious basis doesn't make them bad.
not all were Christians, the ones that werent were deist and they followed christian morals not beliefs.  http://www.faqfarm.com/Q/What_religion_were_the_founding_fathers
does that mean Christians should not follow Jesus since he drank wine? You can indulge in such activities as Hamilton and Jesus and keep all of your morals.
Christian morals are mainly based on the Ten Commandments (which are not just accepted by Christians). If you look at most of the Commandments you can see how the U.S. has used it in shaping our government. This doesnt mean that we are only a Christian society. It simply means that we have similar morals to the Christian religion.
What's even MORE frightening to me is for people to assume that their own "observation and thought process" alone would guarantee a good set of laws. I suspect most every fascist dictator in history probably used that standard.
I don't think anyone here would disagree that people shouldn't think when it comes to making law or legislating. Or feel that religion alone should the factor. No one's made that argument.   The thing is, it's easy to say we should always use pure rationalism or reason, but people rationalize in different ways. Like I said, I'm sure a lot of very bad leaders throughout history used rationalism. One could reason that the easiest, quickest, and even the most economically advantageous way to solve the problem of poverty and people on the streets is to round 'em all up and haul 'em out into the countryside and leave them. So a better way is to use BOTH reason AND compassion.  The thing is, when laws are made or leaders elected, the people in power do use the wealth of their experiences, feelings, compassions, etc. to factor into their decisions. And yes, that includes religion. It's impossible for people to enact laws without those things affecting their views. We aren't robots, we're all human. So this discussion is a moot point in large part. People are going to have their feelings and views be companion to their reason. And I for one think that's probably a good thing when it's all said and done.
It's funny how we are now reading things about fundamentalism denying rationalism altogether, as if that has anything to do with the point originally raised about law and the 10 commandments.   I guess I'll state it again . . . no one here thinks govt. should take place without reason and thinking. This is a classic strawman.
Christian morals are based upon the words of Jesus; anything else is irrelevant. The only thing that is of any importance in the whole bible is mark 12:30 and 31 the rest is trash, should be treated as such and ignored. If people used those two guiding principles in their lives the world would be at peace. If evangelicals and catholics would bother to think how they would feel if gay people treated them the same way they treat gay people then we would have peace. They don't, however, they run their mouths, they introduce laws, they fight gay people at every turn, they spew hate, intolerence and spead ignorance; then are suprised when gay people react badly. We are not trying to strip you away from anything, when your views violate our religioin we dont agree with it becuase it goes against our religion. And its human nature to fight something you think is right.
Point missed completely; In a secular society if something does not affect ones life then it is none of ones business regardless if it violates ones religious beliefs.   How do you know gay marriage doesn't effect the lives of others?
Because gay marraige is happening in Massachusettes, and if there were any repercussions at all, the anti-gay crowd would be screaming about them. There hasn't been a peep. There are plently of people trying to find any effect, they've all come up blank.  Massachusetts is a state, and therefore isn't a large enough place to accurately get an idea of what effect it will have on the society and culture of an entire nation. Plus, time will tell. It hasn't been in effect that long. The instant it was put in effect there, gay rights people used it as a spiteful thing to say "see, we told you so! Nothing bad happened, nya nya nya!" As if right after it happened, or even now, would be a long enough time to really tell.   Are you familiar with the bad effects gay marriage has contributed in Scandanavia and Denmark? If you want to know how whole countries are effected by it, at least in part (which can't be gleaned from the effects in a single state), read the article at the link. "MARRIAGE IS SLOWLY DYING IN SCANDINAVIA. A majority of children in Sweden and Norway are born out of wedlock. Sixty percent of first-born children in Denmark have unmarried parents. Not coincidentally, these countries have had something close to full gay marriage for a decade or more. Same-sex marriage has locked in and reinforced an existing Scandinavian trend toward the separation of marriage and parenthood. The Nordic family pattern--including gay marriage--is spreading across Europe. And by looking closely at it we can answer the key empirical question underlying the gay marriage debate. Will same-sex marriage undermine the institution of marriage? It already has.  . . . . Conservative advocates of gay marriage want to test it in a few states. The implication is that, should the experiment go bad, we can call it off. Yet the effects, even in a few American states, will be neither containable nor revocable. It took about 15 years after the change hit Sweden and Denmark for Norway's out-of-wedlock birthrate to begin to move from "European" to "Nordic" levels. It took another 15 years (and the advent of gay marriage) for Norway's out-of-wedlock birthrate to shoot past even Denmark's. By the time we see the effects of gay marriage in America, it will be too late to do anything about it. Yet we needn't wait that long. In effect, Scandinavia has run our experiment for us. The results are in."  http://www.weeklystandard.com/Content/Public/Articles/000/000/003/660zypwj.asp?pg=1
 They don't, however, they run their mouths, they introduce laws, they fight gay people at every turn, they spew hate, intolerence and spead ignorance; then are suprised when gay people react badly. I disagree, many gays just don't know the difference between hate and disagreement. I don't believe 15yr olds should marry but I don't hate 15yr olds.   Stop with the strawman arguements.
Point missed completely; In a secular society if something does not affect ones life then it is none of ones business regardless if it violates ones religious beliefs. Divorce is angainst many peoples religion but I don't see laws being passed to stop divorce. Why? Because everyone realizes that if the smiths get divorced down the street it is no ones business but the smiths. I see no difference between that and gay rights. My rights, as a gay man, to freely assemble, create my family of chioce, my religious freedom, my freedom of speech, and right to view and publish the material of my choice are under attack by evangelical christians, catholics, the bush administration, the republicans, and every conservate in the country. It is a war out there against glbt people all in the name of Jesus and christianity using the bible as a weapon, a book that has no place in secluar law.  This kind of thinking has never led to anything positive. Need I remind you about what the US was doing prior to our involvement in WWII? We figured it was "none of our business".   If one legalizes everything that doesn't directly affects us then they will quickly realize how what someone does indirectly affects us and at that point it is too late. Hail Hitler.
I'm familiar with that editorial out of the very conservative Weekly Standard, yes. I'm not, however, familiar with any actual data to back up that claim.  So, you didn't take note of the data presented IN the article?
http://www.slate.com/id/2100884/  Wow . . . dueling editorials.
"The first legal gay wedding ceremonies in the Netherlands took place on April 1, 2001. By November 2002, however, gay-marriage enthusiasts were forced to admit that interest in this new institution was fading. Since April 2001, each quarter has brought a further decline in the number of gay marriages, falling from 2,500 in 2001 to less than 1,500 last year. As of April 2004, only 5,916 of Holland's roughly 55,000 gay couples had tied the knot. The floodgates had been forced open by gay-marriage activists, but through them came just a trickle of mainly lesbian couples (lesbians make up only 20 percent of the homosexual community in the Netherlands, but they now make up more than half of all married homosexual couples).   It seems that so far 90 percent of Dutch homosexual couples have declined the historic opportunity to get married. This already far-from-impressive statistic gets even worse when we take into account the fact that cohabiting gays and lesbians are actually just a small minority within the larger homosexual community. Gay organizations' own figures, which put the size of the gay community in Holland at around 1.5 million (almost 10 percent of the total Dutch population of 16 million), seem a wild exaggeration. But if accurate these figures would give the impression that with only a little bit more than one-third of 1 percent of Dutch gays and lesbians actually married, interest in marriage among homosexuals is virtually nonexistent.   A government-sponsored study on sexuality in the Netherlands among people ages 18 and older came up with a more realistic figure of 350,000 gays and lesbians. Even on this cautious estimate, however, married gays and lesbians comprise no more than 3.3 percent of the total number of adult homosexuals. By comparison, by the end of 2003, heterosexual married people made up 60 percent of the total Dutch population ages 18 and older (and 75 percent if the categories of widowed and divorced are included).  Some would say this doesn't matter &#8212; that the minimal interest among homosexuals in getting married is itself another good reason for legalizing gay marriage. After all, if few homosexual couples get married, there's little chance of a Trojan Horse scenario whereby gay married couples could somehow work to undermine heterosexual marriage from within. The positive version of this argument is made by Andrew Sullivan in his so-called conservative case for gay marriage. He claims that allowing gays to marry would not only not undermine marriage, it would also help strengthen an institution under threat of countercultural erosion. It would do so, he says, not just by boosting marriage statistics, but more important by presenting marriage as something to be desired, a special status worth fighting for.   If true, this would be an important argument in favor of legalizing gay marriage. Unfortunately for Sullivan (and the Netherlands), however, the Dutch experience has shown the exact opposite of what he predicts. The Trojan Horse scenario only existed in the minds of gay-marriage activists looking for a strawman to burn down. After all, no serious opponent of gay marriage has ever argued that the fact that my gay neighbor suddenly has the right to get married would make me, a heterosexual married man, want to file for divorce. But by lobbying so intensively for a change in the law, the gay-marriage campaign did contribute to a change in people's attitude toward marriage. And there is little doubt that it has been a change for the worse." http://www.nationalreview.com/comment/livestro200406290924.asp
"As the Netherlands' experiment in legalizing same-sex unions has illustrated, same-sex marriage in that country constituted one more step in a steady legal and social breakdown of the family. This is not to say that the data imply a causal relationship between the initiation of same-sex marriage and the breakdown of the family in the Netherlands. Rather, the redefinition of marriage furthered a general pattern of cultural and legal erosion of the institution. According to several Dutch social scientists, their fellow citizens "increasingly regard marriage as no longer relevant" because they have been persuaded that "marriage is not connected to parenthood and that marriage and cohabitation are equally valid 'lifestyle choices...'"[2] Marriage may be losing its place as the fundamental building block of social infrastructure in the Netherlands."  . . . As a result of the Act of Opening Marriage to Same-Sex Couples (2001), a simple legal procedure now allows couples to transform a registered partnership into a marriage, or, vice versa, to change the status of their marriage to a registered partnership. This led further to the phenomenon of "flash annulments" or "lightning divorces" (flitsscheidingen). In a flash annulment, a couple mutually decides to downgrade their marriage to a registered partnership, which is then quickly followed by the termination of their registered partnership. This effectively circumvents the divorce procedure, which is, by definition, more lengthy and complex. Commentary on flash annulments describes the procedure as an unintended consequence of the legislation.[7] The number of heterosexual couples who availed themselves of this unforeseen measure was substantial. In 2002-the first full year of its availability-about four thousand married couples terminated their relationships this way.[8]"  http://www.heritage.org/Research/Family/wm577.cfm#_ftn2
Violate religion? I thought freedom of religion, and the right to not follow any particular religion was one of the tenets the US was founded on? Im talking about Christains in general not the U.S. government. sorry if you thought otherwise
There are those out there who want to make the christian church into the government of the US. They want to make christian law and doctrin into constitutional provisions. They want to turn the US from a secluar nation that is supposed to respect, protect, and encourage religious freedom and diversity into a christian nation to the exclusion of all other relgions.  I have yet to meet a single Christian, nor have I heard of one, that wants an America where no other religions can exist. If you know of any Christian in the public light or otherwise that has said that, I'd like to know who. Since there are definitely "those out there" that do (according to your post), I'm sure you'll have no problem naming some.
http://www.geocities.com/CapitolHill/7027/quotes.html http://www.sullivan-county.com/news/pat_quotes/hindus.htm http://www.tylwythteg.com/christian/chriscol.html http://www.hindunet.org/srh_home/1996_6/msg00110.html http://www.newshounds.us/2005/08/10/jerry_falwell_re_vote_christian_in_2008_flap_the_adl_must_be_fundraising.php http://www.antiwar.com/orig/strong1.html http://www.neopagan.net/Anti-Christianity.html http://edkrebs.com/herb/ http://www.cc.org/about.cfm http://www.afa.net/about.asp  Nope, none of them state they want an America where no other religion can exist. Try again.
Matt's original claim was that "they want to turn the US . . . into a christian nation to the exclusion of all other relgions." None of the links provided so far say they want an America where no other religions exist.
This is a direct quote from ohiocp.org above  "America should be a Christian nation, ruled under Christian principles and Christian laws. "  Sounds pretty exclusive to me.  And every single one of those sights makes me ill. They are just like Easyrider. Disgusting me more and more in Christianity every single day.  Once again, this doesn't rule out any other religion. I think jyoshu is trying to say that no one wants the US to become like Iran where its either you are a Muslim or without a head.
As well as all the links I posted imply that the christianity or evangelical christian values should be the basis of this nation to the exclusion of all others. Pat robertson is famous for saying that this should be a christian nation.  Wait, didn't you admit to being a hypocrite? Why do we care what a hypocrite thinks the world should be?
no they want it to be christian, where only christians can get into office, where only christians make laws, where only christian holidays are taken over the other religion's holidays. Things start small. It starts by being a christian nation, then they rule out the other religions.  I can't imagine living life so fearful of something so unlikely. This slippery slope of yours is ridiculous. Again, you need to show where Christians are calling for other peoples' holidays to not be in place. I've never heard of anyone call for hannukah to not be a holiday. Even with halloween, the only holiday I know of which is disliked by some Christians, no one is calling to make it illegal. You're being ridiculous. As far as Christians wanting Christians to be in office, what's the problem? Sometimes women want women to be in office. I'm sure there are those in your movement wanting gay people in office. Christians aren't calling for others (those who aren't Christians) to never be in office. If you are going to make these wild, reckless accusations, you need to back them up if you want to have any credibility.
Apparently, to some, "Because God says so"--"God" being an unproven supernatural being, and a highly self-contradictory one at that, as described in a book written in a pre-scientific age--is a better guideline to moral behavior than--"I understand why something is good/bad from my logical reasoning as to whether it benefits/harms others and society in general." "Shake off all the fears of servile prejudices, under which weak minds are servilely crouched. Fix reason firmly in her seat, and call on her tribunal for every fact, every opinion. Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason than that of blindfolded fear. --Thomas Jefferson, letter to Peter Carr, Aug. 10, 1787 Way scary.  I find it interesting that some often try to use the founding fathers to cast doubt and attack Christians today. While people like Jefferson may have been deists, maybe even in some cases atheists, and held reason in higher esteem than faith, they certain also had the courtesy and good sense to not attack religion any chance they got. Instead their reason led them to peacefully co-exist with religious people without constantly holding prejudices toward them and belittling them at any opportunity. Would that those who supposedly hold to the ideals of people like Jefferson would follow his example of reason in this regard rather than using his ideals of reason as a mean to an end. Frankly, I suspect Jefferson is rolling in his grave over people who invoke his writings to attack religion instead of being . . . well, reasonable.
Do you know that there are Jews that live in Iran, right? So, by your own disclaimer, I Iran and the US should be similar, right?  [/snark]  I thought in Iran they punished those who were not Muslim. If I am wrong then just pick a country that does and the same rules apply.
no they want it to be christian, where only christians can get into office, where only christians make laws, where only christian holidays are taken over the other religion's holidays. Things start small. It starts by being a christian nation, then they rule out the other religions.  That is exactly what Pat Robertson has talked about!  um, no he didn't. Stop with the strawman arguements.  So it is allright for christians and people of religion to belittle GLBT people and GLBT people should just shut up and take the abuse? strawman again, this forum is famous for them. You have yet to show how disagreement is belittling. But you being a self-proclaimed hypocrite doesn't help in trying to reason with you.
Steeeve ,  If you are going to address to people in one posts, then you should amke it clear you are doing so.  I ahve never been not will I ever be a hypocrite.  Yeah, I just noticed that, I apoligize.
You really need to stop with the personal insults. I have never claimed to be a hypocrite, a bigot yes but not a hypocrite. Maybe not directly, but by declaring yourself a bigot while accusing others of being the same in a negative way, you are in fact being a hypocrite.
I am not sure I follow your logic.  Hypocrisy is if I call some a bigot while not claiming to be a bigot yet acting and making the statements of a bigot. What I mean is, the hypocrisy comes from the fact that you are declaring other bigots as negative, but proudly proclaiming yourself.
That article is horrifying and may have succeeded in single handedly turning me from having any kind of empathetic ear for Christendom ever again  Come on, Jito, that doesn't represent all of Christendom by a long shot. You know better than that.
I thought the point being responded to was the snittish claim that "no one is trying to make America a Christian theocracy,"  Nope. Wrong again
You must be suffering a concussion.  http://4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=179917&postcount=75    Are these not your words?  An America where no other religion exists is not necessarily the same thing as a theocracy. I'm sure if I go and actually Google long enough as some here seem fond of doing, I could find extremist groups too. That's not the point. I've still never seen a Christian group that wants no other religion to exist in America.
But there are groups who don't want other religions in office, or put on the bench, or having their say in government. Sure they can exists if they stay quiet and thank Jesus before the school committee meeting and as long as they teach ID, sure they can exists along side christians.....just don't do anything.  So? You don't want religious people in office, either. What's the difference? You think religious people in this country are fine as long as they stay quiet, teach about gay people, and and just don't do anything. Certainly not actually talk about their religion in public or actually [gasp] publically state their views on politics. Everyone wants people in office that agrees with their views, and would rather not have people in office that don't. Why do you think we vote in this country???
But that is not the issue we're discussing right now. You said that there weren't any christians (in America, I assume) that actually want the USA to become a christian nation.   It seems there's a reading comprehension problem on your end. I said I have yet to hear of a Christian leader calling for an America where no other religions exist. You've yet to show one.  That said, I wonder what turdlette would say if I were to mention that when heads of these organizations   You know, most people realise that when they resort to childish namecalling, it really makes them look petty and immature, but apparently you don't. Maybe you should head back to the schoolyard playground--recess is probably about over.
Wow, it looks like our resident chainyanking crew is especially cranky today.   Must've been a late night.
Really? Let's go back your original quote:  It seems I may have a blind spot for the word "leader". Can you please point it out to me in the above post?  Christian OR Christian leader, I know of no one that wants no other religions to exist in America. Maybe there ARE some somewhere. Obviously it's a rare sentiment.
Well, now that is another argument (whether or not people want other religions to exist in America). The initial statement was about those who want America to be a christan nation. Unless you are now stating that that is not what you're about.  That was NOT Matt's initial statement. You and Mr Write have gotten so hot and bothered here you've lost track of the thread.
Simple and insightful, I agree.  I wonder what EZ thinks?  I think dropping trou for illicit gay sex has nothing to do with genes. It's a deliberate behavior.
Well, I did not choose to be heterosexual, I was born heterosexual.  I can not see why it should be different for Gay people how do you know you were born heterosexual? what suggests that you were born with a particular sexual orientation?
Because, not once, did I have feel any sort of physical attraction to the same gender as myself. I have known other people who have.  how about this... were you born english-speaking? or was is because of your environment? and can you "choose" another language?  if you have never spoken a word of spanish in your life, nor ever had the desire to speak spanish, would that imply that you were born english-speaking? I don't 'CHOOSE' who I think is sexually attractive. i disagree. being heterosexual does not mean you are sexually attractive to every female you come into contact with. you have a set of criteria that you use to determine which female is sexy.  most boys (depending on how they are taught) are not sexually attracted to their sisters, mothers or females in their immediate family, regardless of how good-looking they are. yet they would be attracted to another female with the same body type and features. how do you explain that?
I always get a giggle out straight folks making assertations about how people aren't born gay. Call me quirky, but I will be taking the gay people's word on that - and they all say otherwise.  The last research I saw was that "gayness" (for lack of a better word) was caused (in part) by abnormal chemical imbalances in the mother's womb. Add to that possible social influences there may be and there you are.   But that's beside the point. It's still a sin to deliberately and consciously engage in gay sex relations.
Gotta link? Maybe one that shows that there is no genetic influence, unlike this one.  Actually the info I had on that came from a gay guy named "Madg" in the now defunct USA Today forum. But I think you can do a Google search and find some articles on it.  As for gayness being heredity, I'm not aware of any scientifically-replicated studies that have confirmed it.
Um....no. I'm not doing your homework to help you support your claim. I don't even believe any such evidence exists to support that claim.  Suit yourself then.  Until you come up with a replicated, scientific study that supports hereditary gayness, you've got nothing that I find compelling.
 My Family will NOT be defined by YOUR president   And gay marriage will not be forced down the throats of the American people by your family or your choice of President!
I might not have been born speaking any language, but I was born with the inclination to learn a language. I was also born with the inablity to master  more than one language, as I have a tin ear, and can not distinguish between a lot of sounds that are close. how is this different from the ability to be sexually attracted to any gender or type of sexual act? it seems to me that when a person is born, he can potentially speak any language, but is oriented to the language he is primarily taught. what could possibly indicate that sexual orientation is different?  No, I am only attracted to a subset of females. BUT, they are all females. similarly. gays are usually attracted to a subset of males, and bisexuals are usually attracted to a subset within all males and females. some people are only attracted to blonds, or short people, or very slim people, or voluptuous women, or muscular men. these "attraction restrictions" are usually consistent throughout the entire lives of some people. does that mean that these people are born with the inclination to be attracted to that particular type of person?  They found that pheormones and smell play a role. Women (and men) are attracted to certain chemicals that are dissimilar to their own. The structure of these chemicals run in families. Because of this, syblings are much more likely NOT to be attracted to each other. apparently, there are many siblings that are sexually attracted to each other, and some that act on it. this pheremones theory doesnt seem to be an explanation at all, because there are lots of cases where the sexual attraction is there, and lots of cases where the sexual attraction is not there.  from what i understand, the factor that determines whether siblings are sexually attracted to each other and act on it is the teachings that are indoctrinated in the children due to the environment. a child in a traditional religious background is much more likely to suppress the sexual attraction that he may have to his sisters because he has been taught that sisters are off-limits. however, a child without a strong indoctrination would be more likely to allow the attraction to develop into action. similarly, in an environment where such a relationship is severe taboo, incidents of incest is usually less.  all indications show that pheremones have nothin to do with it  On Edit: Here is a paper that deals with that subject http://stormy.biology.utah.edu/publications/amnat.pdf ill read the document and comment on it a little later
 Any God who considers deliberately and consciously desiring love and intimacy and deliberately and conciously being exactly who you are a sin is an #######.  As God's Word states, "Love does not rejoice in iniquity."   As a straight guy who is glaringly anti-homosexual, anything YOU have to say on the matter is even LESS compelling.  The Word of God does not support your unbiblical outlook on this.
BTW the quote is not from God but Paul. I know you put the wods and teachings of Paul over those of Jesus. Amazing that one would believe that Paul is God and not Jesus.  As the Bible says, "All scripture is God-breathed (inspired by God)...."  Nice try.
Yet, when it comes to scripture.. when someone brings up a book you don't agree with, you conveniently label it 'heresy' , and not scripture.  What a double standard.   Sorry, Jack, but there's no Biblical book I disagree with. And unless an extra-biblical work agrees with God's Word it's not "Scripture" in the sense that God conceived it.  Next....
I have made my point. And, more important, you have made my point.  You have demonstrated that you do not believe in your own bible.  Nonsense.  Don't seek to speak for me and what I do or do not believe.  On the other hand, you might as well throw your Tanakh in the trash for all the good it does you.
Excellent analogy. Permission to use it in other places on the web, sir? Or Madam as the case may be. thank you and feel free to. and its sir :)  Sick! Well, let me tell you that I never ever got turned on by my brothers pheremones! Never! And I mean it! Never ever! You hear me! well the fact remains that some people are sexually attracted to their siblings and relatives. and the fact is that some people are not. the pheremones theory clearly does not influence whether such an attraction exists or not. if people were attracted only to members that emit an "unfamiliar" pheremone, then incest would not exist. but it does. what is evident is that people become sexually attracted to the point where they act on it, regardless of what pheremones are emitted or not
You , of course , are assuming that syblings have exactly the same phermone combination. im not assuming anything. whether sibling pheremones are similar, identical, or different, seems to have no bearing on the facts. sibling pheremones dont repel sexual attraction from their relatives. male pheremones dont repel sexual attraction from males. there is no corespondence between pheremone emission and sexual attraction, in terms of the rules that the studies suggest. a single person could be sexually attracted to his sister, his non-relative girlfriend, and a non-related guy, and a sheep. similarly, a dad, woman and guy might all be sexually attracted to the same woman.  whats more is that pheremones do nothing to explain visual sexual attraction, which is extremely common. a person can be sexually attracted to somebody theyve seen on tv or in a magazine, or heard on the radio, or read about in a book. gays could look at a video of guys and get turned on, completely in the absence of whatever pheremones are claimed to be responsible. in fact, some "studies" use this as a test to examine sexual arousal and orientation.   finally, if the pheremone theory had any merit, then a woman sprayed with a male pheremone would be sexually attractive to gay guys, and repulsive to gay women or straight guys. obviously it doesnt work that way...
LOL, I knew you wouldn't be able to resist this thread unkerpaulie.  I had to check it out and make sure, I wasn't disappointed. :)  waxy, i havent claimed that being gay is a choice or can be learned (in this thread). all i've done is challenged the claims that genes and biology is a factor of sexual orientation. i dont have to prove to you that i can "learn to be gay" because i havent made that claim here.   look at the claim being made: pheremones influence sexual orientation. i have shown many examples where this is not the case. if we can acknowledge the fact that incest both occurs in some families and doesnt occur in some families, then how can we make a claim that pheremones either influences an attraction or not? if we can acknowledge the fact that pictures, videos and discriptive words can sexually arouse people, how can we measure whether these pheremones are controlling sexual orientaion or not? just look at the facts  im not discounting the fact that pheremones alone can cause sexual arousal. but if you want to claim that pheremones are the cause of sexual orientation, then please fit the facts into the claim
Very true, and of course, it was meant in jest.  But let's run with it.  Mastering a language obvioulsy would take years, so what would I learn in an introductory spanish class? Some basic verbs, vocabulary, sentence structure, elementary phrases and reading, etc...?  What would the comparative analogy be (without getting graphic)? Your first homosexual date? First kiss? Your first homosexual sexual encounter?   What about the desire to have that encounter? When does that kick in? It would seem to me that should be a first day kinda deal, after all, it should be as easy a desire to have as the desire I have to learn spanish. (try saying that fast 5 times) In fact, it would seem to me that the desire should be a given, otherwise, why did you sign up for the class? (It's an elective. ;) )  Like a language, it would seem to me that the intracies of sexuality and the relationships involved in being homosexual (or heterosexual for that matter) do require a lifetime of learning.  Anyhoo, the point still stands.  Waxy if someone who has never been gay or known to have homosexual tendencies suddenly admit to you that they would like to try a gay encounter, would you believe them? suppose they are an open-minded individual to sexuality (as you may be to languages) and probably saw a gay porn flick and thought it was kinda exciting. suppose they thought about it a bit and fantasized about what it would be like.  would you say that that person was born gay? or that the scenario is impossible? or would you say that they were born bi-sexual?
They succeed by fear and donations from those who have fear. It is easy when you look more closely at their messages. It is all about demonizing gays and lesbians so others fear them. Then claim you can cure them, everyone gives you money , so you do it some more, and they give you more money. Hate is very profitable.   Please look at SoulForce to learn more...... www.soulforce.org  Oh ok, so jesus said "scare the hell out of people, look down upon them, and shun them because you hate them and my words are twisted anyways." I really thought he said to love all people. Surew they are full of sin but who are you to judge them beacuse you too are a sinner. The only difference is that you have accepted Christ. THATS IT. No freacking money giving, no church drives, no club you have to join, no polical party you have to join, nothing. You see my a Christians example of how they live, that is the true form of evangelism, not screaming your head off and hitting them with a bible. i am not full of hate, I dont HATE gays, I instead pray that they may see the glory of Christ and turn from sin. Oh and I now see the full force of soulforce's "equality". they are suing Focus on the Family, why? I read the report they have givin and none of it is credible. Once again a double meaning,a twist of words. They cant stand Christians and yet, they say equality? Dr. James Dobson has never been aranting madman like Pat Robertson, he has been dedicated to strenghtening core values in the home. Not calling gays losers or fools or the such. The only reason I see this lawsuit is because they dont want to deal with Cristians. They want God out of the equaltion. As long as there is no one to tell them that what they are doing is wrong (meaning the bible or God), then there is no guilt, no felling of sin, nothing. See, it's a big example of covering your ears and saying "la la la la la I can't hear you."
Yes I know its got nothing to do with you. I am speaking in a general sense. Please allow me to explain.   Look at the phrase "And gay marriage will be forced down the throats of the American people." (Oral sex is also sodomy in case you didn't know.) Add to that the fact that he has used similar references repeatedly. His posts almost exclusively deal with expressing his negative feelings about homosexuality, homosexual people and liberals. He has many posts that express that he believes the world is in a state of decline as a result of liberal and homosexual activities. He makes dehumanizing comments to and about liberal and homosexual people constantly. Dehumanization's sole purpose is to make people appear to be subhuman, (monsters if you will, (sorry Monster)) so that it's OK to kill them. Clearly this is a man at war and we all know war is a frightening and painful thing.  The fact that he is constantly pummeled because he is perceived as being a bigot is clearly not changing his mind and only serves to deepen his convictions to the point that I fear we may be doing real damage.  So if he has made dehumanizing comments then that is not Christian like at all. if he expresses negative feelings about homsexuality thats his deal. You express negative fellings towrds Christians and the Bible so an eye for an eye. Did he ever say to kill them? If he did then wow, but if he didnt then stop making false claims. if he does not want to change his moral opinion then does that make him a biggot? Cause he doesnt agree with homosexuality? And how in the hell is your baggering him a fact? do you ahve proof? Does he say he is or even has convictions? Come on.......rediculous
This is just ridiculous. i'm seeing a trend here... your posts are containing less content and more rants and knee-jerks....  hey e_faith. good to see you back!
*raises hand* I would. I would say that a number of Christian churches have differing doctrines on homosexuality, due to differing interpretations of scripture. The Espiscopal Church in the US is one such example, having ordained an openly gay Bishop (incidentally I challenge anyone to listen to him speak and not believe he was called by God). The church of England is still pretty firmly on the fence, allowing same sex relationships for lay people but not senior clergy. you are right. some institutions have managed to claim that the bible does not view homosexuality as a sin. however, to come up with this veiw requires literary contortionism and acrobatics: extreme and out-of-context reinterpretation and skewed cross-referencing. the only reason why such garbage is so popular is that it offers a group of pople what they want to hear  the bible says that homosexuality is a sin. for the sake of the discussion, and in reality, e_f's point stands
In your opinion. It is the homophobes who take the passages out of context, and don't look at the words being used, who just assume that translations have been carried out objectively. If you start from the premise that homosexuality is wrong, then you won't find passages that contradict this; but if you look at those passages objectively they do not consititute a blanket ban on all same sex activity. ummm.. lets start from the premise that homosexuality is not wrong. now find a passage in scripture to support it...
No, because that would require us to find support for driving cars and using toothpaste in the Bible, which is just as daft. What we can say is that, in the absense of a prohibition on committed, monogamous relationships between people of the same gender, and given the commendations of love in the Bible, it seems unlikely that God would frown on two people of the same gender who love each other. well, sexual relationships between people of the same gender is not only prohibited in the bible, but considered as an abomination, which involved the death penalty. its in the bible  Leviticus 20:13 - If a man lies with a man as one lies with a woman, both of them have done what is detestable. They must be put to death; their blood will be on their own heads.
The ancient hebews had a lot of strange notions about 'wasting the seed'. Paul also seems to have had many sexual inhabititions. I would say that if you look at those passages objectivitly, it does indicate a prohibition against man on man sex.   On the other hand, I don't see the relavence of what some bronze age goatherders thought, or what some guy with more sexual hangups than you can shake a stick at from the first century thought. Remember, for the NT, the guy who is alledged to have written the probhibition against homosxuality also said it is preferable if people not marry and have kids! here's what paul actually said on the subject, fyi:  1 cor 7:1,2 - It is well for a man not to touch a woman. But because of the temptation to immorality, each man should have his own wife and each woman her own husband.  1 cor 7:8,9 - To the unmarried and the widows I say that it is well for them to remain single as I do. But if they cannot exercise self-control, they should marry. For it is better to marry than to be aflame with passion.   you are right that paul was of the view that it was better to be single and not have any sexual attractions at all. but to those that would not exercise self-control, he says that marriage is the way to go.  regardless, its what the bible says. the issue is not whether you believe what the bible says or feel you need to apply it to your life. i dont. but if the bible said it then the bible said it
I think Christian(even Fundamentalists) disregard this verse ?  It is just that you don't see many Christians going about killing gay people. well you dont see many christians killing adulterers ar disrepectful kids either. whether we should disregard a particular verse in the bible, or disregard the entire bible itself, is not the issue. the bible says what it says. i have no problem disregarding the bible. i have a problem people saying that the bible says something it doesnt
Wow, I've been gone forever it seems. I would have to agree with you EF....except many Christians have forgotten the concept of balance. To often is there the free loving Christians....or the Turn or Burn Christians....each are mistaken I believe.   With the turn or burn christians you get the idea that no matter what you're going to hell unless you're an extremist.....and then you get the Christians that are so afraid to speak out what is right and wrong they simply hide behind the notion of love.  For me, I believe homosexuality is wrong...period. There is no argument for it for a theological perspective....you can search the archives for the one woman who tried to argue from the Greek Root of words...but the notion was simply absurd....  However, I agree that just like any other sinner, which would be everyone and anyone, you accept them and love them first...and then you try to help the individual turn away from whatever sin.....homosexuality to drunkeness.....you approach the subject with Love instead of Condemnation...which is a great flaw among the Turn or Burn crowd.  That's just my opinion though....
"what is detestable" is actually closer to "ritually unclean", and the passage seems to refer to the straight men who have sex for ritual purposes. It does not address the idea of two men who do not lie with women at all. It condemns active bisexuality and non loving sex, but not homosexuality. the verse says "as one lies with a woman". this means to have sex with. its pretty plain. homosexuality is people of the same gender having sex. im pretty sure that your contortionist reinterpretation of "abomination" to "ritually unclean" doesnt explain why people guilty of this should be put to death. and of course it addresses men who do not lie with women. a man who lies with a man as one lies with a woman means a man who has sex with a man. you dont have to have sex with a woman to lie with a man as one lies with a woman. your attempt to twist the scripture fails
I think Christian(even Fundamentalists) disregard this verse ?  It is just that you don't see many Christians going about killing gay people.  If you'll take note, God is the one who brings divine judgment in the New Testament / Covenant. You won't find any Christians stoning people in the New Testament.  However, one might ask those of the Judaism faith why they ignore it, and where in the Tanakh does it do away with these kinds of punishments by man?
"what is detestable" is actually closer to "ritually unclean", and the passage seems to refer to the straight men who have sex for ritual purposes. It does not address the idea of two men who do not lie with women at all. It condemns active bisexuality and non loving sex, but not homosexuality.  The prohibition against gay sex in Leviticus is in the same chapter as prohibitions against adultery and sex with animals. There's no "ritually unclean" qualification, in context.
I find it strange that the Laws against Homosexual sex is still valid but when you ask why they ignore the dietary laws in the same book, you get some hoopla that Jesus came to create a new Covenant with his follower.   So if those dietary laws are not valid because of the New Covenant then why are those laws against Homosexual sex still valid ?   Because the moral laws against adultery, murder, thievery, gay sex, etc., have never been abolished. Is adultery still a sin, Big Bear? Murder? Jesus certainly spoke out against them, didn't he? Got a passage where these kinds of moral laws have been abolished?
The, if there is no "ritualistically unclean" in the new testament, you can disregard the prohibition against adultry and sex with animals if you want..   That's a pretty large leap of logic.  Again, nowhere in the chapter of Leviticus 20 is the argument made that these were "ritualistically" linked. Rather, it says they were directed towards the PEOPLE OF ISRAEL.  I think your politically correct brand of (revisionist) reform Judaism is showing through again, Trebor.
I ask can you provide a passage from the New Testament which states which part/parts of the Old Testament have to be disregarded by followers of the New Covenant ? Did Jesus speak out against Gay Sex I can't seem to remember that sermon ?   Jesus is God (many scriptures). As God, Jesus is the one who gave Moses the Levitical law against gay sex to begin with; and he's the one who inspires all Scripture (2 Timothy 3:16), including prohibitions against gay sex in Romans 1:26-27 and I Corinthians 6:9-10.   I go back to my previous question to you: Where and when in the Bible were God's moral laws against adultery, murder, gay sex, etc., abolished?
 Then did God not give the laws about unclean food ? Why disregarded them ?  The laws against unclean foods were abolished in the Book of Acts.   If you disregard them then some Christians could disregard the Gay Sex prohibition.  They could, but it's not based on God's Word.   I will state again that I am not a Christian, since I have not studied the bible in a while I wonder if you can answer the question in my last post ?  I ask can you provide a passage from the New Testament which states which part/parts of the Old Testament have to be disregarded by followers of the New Covenant ?  Like I said, the dietary law was revised in the Book of Acts. The general rule is that if you see a prohibition in the New Testament reiterated against a moral sin already seen in the Old Testament, it wasn't abolished.  There were civil laws, dietary laws, moral laws, and ceremonial laws in the Old Testament. Nowhere were the moral laws ever abolished, but we see in the New Testament (Acts) where the dietary law was abolished, we see the ceremonial laws largely abolished in the Book of Hebrews and elsewhere, and as for the civil (tort) laws, the general principles remain also (i.e. if you kill a neighbors animal you have to make restitution).
To Big Bear - Here's something to help you out on the Law:  The "Law," as we have come to know it, is often seen as a collection of Old Testament commandments, given to Moses by God on Mount Sinai, and carried forth into the New Testament, most notably by Jesus Christ and the apostle Paul. It is a sometimes confusing array of commandments that many Christians even today are unsure of as to its significance for the New Testament believer. Originally, torah (the usual Hebrew word in the Old Testament for "law") meant oral instruction or direction . It has since come to be used as a comprehensive term for the whole Pentateuch, in which all of the most important legal collections were carefully included (Hastings Bible Dictionary, 533).   In the Old Testament, there were three main categories of law: ceremonial, civil, and moral.  CEREMONIAL LAW  Ceremonial law is specifically related to the Levitical priesthood, and is seen in explicit detail in the book of Leviticus. In addition, we see other ceremonial requirements for the preparation and maintenance of the tabernacle, and its furnishings, in other books of the Pentateuch (Exodus 25, for example). Ceremonial law applies not only to the holiness and qualifications of the high priest, but also to how various types of sacrifices should be prepared and offered. Burnt offerings, fellowship offerings, sin offerings, etc., all required a knowledge of God's divine and ceremonial law before the proper sacrifice could be presented. It's primary purpose was to foreshadow, or point forward to, the perfect sacrifice of Christ that was made at Calvary. These laws, for all intents and purposes, were discarded and rendered unnecessary after Christ's crucifixion, though the necessity of worshipping a holy and righteous God through a holy and consecrated priesthood of believers still applies.   CIVIL LAW  The civil laws that were given to the Israelites were primarily meant to address tenets of everyday living. These laws governed such things as divorce, lending, payment of wages, harvesting, and numerous other activities (note Deuteronomy chapter 24). They they still remain as a basic guideline for godly living in many parts of the world. American civil law, tort law, contract law - all have a "genetic" heritage in the civil laws of ancient Israel, and show us the "mind of God" for the civility of mankind.  MORAL LAW  These basic laws, perhaps more than any other Old Testament commandments, show us the divine nature and character of God, and are absolutely revered in all institutions of true Christianity to this day. For the record, they are as follows, as stated in Exodus chapter 20:   1. You shall have no other gods before (besides) me. 2. You shall not make for yourself an idol in the form of anything in heaven above, or on the earth beneath, or in the waters below. 3. You shall not misuse the name of the Lord your God. 4. Remember the Sabbath day by keeping it holy. 5. Honor your father and your mother. 6. You shall not murder. 7. You shall not commit adultery. 8. You shall not steal. 9. You shall not give false testimony against your brother. 10. You shall not covet.    These laws of God are objective. They are meant for all people, at all times in history, in all places of civilization. Man's laws, by comparison, are subjective. They vary from culture to culture, from one time period to another, and from place to place. Prohibition (of alcohol) is a good example. At one time alcohol consumption was legal. Then came prohibition, and finally alcohol was again legalized (through certain restrictions still apply today). So we see the subjective and changing nature of "worldly" law in contrast to God's eternal standards. When God says, "You shall not commit adultery," that commandment is for everyone, no matter when or where they may live.  When studying Biblical law, it is important to recognize the difference between the "letter" of the law and the "spirit" of the law. This was an extremely contentious issue between Jesus and the pharisees of His day. Several examples of this are noted in Matthew chapter twelve, when the pharisees chastised Jesus for healing the man with the withered hand on the Sabbath, and when the disciples were picking grains of wheat to eat. The pharisees went to an extreme to keep the letter of the law, but forgot to keep the Spirit of the law when they tried to keep God's children from being healed and fed on the Sabbath day. Jesus replied that, "It is lawful to do good on the Sabbath" (Matthew 12:12). Noting this, the apostle Paul wrote in 2 Corinthians 3:6 that the "letter (of the law) kills, but the Spirit gives life."   THE PURPOSE OF THE LAW  For purposes of clarification, I maintain that when speaking of the "law," that the Ten Commandments of the moral law are the primary focus, followed by the various tenets of the civil law, thereafter followed by the Spirit of the ceremonial law as noted previously.   From my review of scripture there are four major purposes of the law. The first is that the law was intended to show us the character and morality of the sovereign God. If we want to know what God's opinion is concerning adultery or murder, we can look at the sixth and seventh commandments to realize that God does not approve of them. If we want to know if we are involved in idol worship (such as money), we can look at God's second commandment, as well as Matthew 6:24, and Luke 16:13, to see what God's word says about that. But the most important realization that we can come to is that there is but one righteous and sovereign God who is clearly defined through His divine law, and that divine law is perfect.  "For the law of the Lord is perfect, reviving the soul."  (Psalm 19:7)  The second major purpose of the law is that it is a tutor, or a teacher, to lead us to Christ.   "So the law was put in charge to lead us to Christ, that we might be justified by faith." (Galatians 3:24)  "Indeed I would not have know what sin was except through the law." (Romans 7:7)  In Galatians 3:19 the apostle Paul wrote, "What, then was the purpose of the law? It was added because of transgression until the Seed to whom the promise referred (Christ) had come." The main point here is that man needs to have some set of guidelines, or law, as a reference to know whether or not he is sinful. Without the law, man indeed did not know what sin was, but once the law was given, three things happened: (1) Man knew the moral character of the righteous God; (2) Man knew by his review of the law that he was sinful;  "For all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God." (Romans 3:23)  (3) Man came to the realization that an unfathomable gulf exists between the righteous God and unrighteous, sinful man, and therefore a savior was needed to bridge the gap.  "What a wretched man I am! Who will rescue me from this body of death? Thanks be to God - through Jesus Christ our Lord." (Romans 7:24-25)   "But now a righteousness from God, apart from the law, has been made known....This righteousness from God comes  through faith in Jesus Christ..." (Romans 3:21, 22)  The third purpose of the law is that it is a guide for Christians to live by. Whereas the law was initially provided as a tutor to lead us to Christ, the law also serves as a reminder to keep us "in" Christ. One of the interesting things that happens to a Christian in his "walk" is that the closer he gets to God, the more aware he is of his sinful nature. This realization serves the purpose of keeping us close to Christ, depending on and trusting in Him for our salvation.   So the law is meant to guide us in our day-to-day walk of faith in Christ. Now there is one extremely important observation that needs to be addressed here. That has to do with the relationship of the law to salvation. Keeping the law does not result in eternal life or salvation. That was never the purpose of the law in regards to man. But it was the purpose of Christ to fulfill that law on our behalf, so that by faith in Him we could all become righteous in the eyes of God.   "Do not think that I have come to abolish the Law or the Prophets; I have not come to abolish them but to fulfill them." (Jesus, Matthew 5:17)  "(In Christ)....We have been released from the law so that we serve in the new way of the Spirit." (Romans 7:6)  This is one of the biggest stumbling blocks that Christians get caught up in - trying to "keep" the law, or trying to do something to help win their salvation.  "Know that a man is not justified (righteous) by observing the law, but by faith in Jesus Christ....(by) observing the  law no one will be justified." (Galatians 2:16)  It would do us well to forget about the law as far as our salvation goes, and try to remember it as a guide for daily Christian living.   The last purpose of the law is to show us where there may be "traps" and pitfalls in our lives. For instance, by not committing adultery, we don't have to worry about getting shot at by a jealous husband, or a jealous wife. Our reputations and our consciences stay clear from disgrace. Our marriages remain stronger, and our families tend to stay together longer. Furthermore, we are free from any discipline from God that might take place should we commit such a sin, and we tend to stay out of the "clutches" of Satan at the same time.  "...Hand this man over to Satan, so that the sinful nature may be destroyed and his spirit saved on the day of the Lord." (1 Corinthians 5:5)  Another example is if we keep God's law about not stealing, we don't have to worry about going to jail. And so it goes from law to law. The law is there for our protection, and grants us liberty from many adverse and unpleasant consequences.   In summary, the law serves four major purposes:  1. It shows us the moral character of God. 2. It is a tutor to lead us to Christ. 3. It is a guide for Christian living 4. It can keep us from suffering the adverse consequences of our sins.  Hope that helps.
Doesn't everybody who is not a rabid literalist twist the scripture to suit their own beliefs ? no. if you dont believe in something in the scripture, you dont believe it. you cant say the bible says what it doesnt say. either rewrite your own version of the bible, or reject the bible entirely.  i dont believe that the bible is anything more than laws and history (overloaded with embellishments and exagerrations) of the early superstitious nomads we know as the nation of israel. nothing therein is inspired by any omnipotent creator, and most of it was just a chain of political ploys to keep the people in check, with each new contributor building on what the predecessor set in place.  however, i totally disagree to twisting what the bible says to suit anybody's personal agenda. the bible describes the act of 2 men having sex as sin with the penalty of death. its in the bibile. whether you call it loving relationships, commitment, or whatever, as long as it involves 2 men having sex, then it is what the bible calls an abomination, a sin, and requires the death penalty. no gymnastic reinterpretatino can change that. ever  the solution is simple. reject the bible. nobody needs to follow its laws. nobody needs it to justify their actions. god, even if he exists, had nothing to do with the authorship or compilation of the bible. you cant go to heaven by doing what it says. and you ont be smiled upon by society for doing what it says. and you dont find inner peace by doing what it says. so why the lies? why the twisted and deceptive manipulations? it doesnt make sense to me. and no gay supporter can explain why they even must do this
You are relying on a translation, as am I, unless you can find some scholarly reason why your translation is more accurate then I fail to see why it is my interpretation that is automatically false. Homosexuality is much more than simply having sex, it is about attraction as well. It is possible, as with generations of closet gay people, to have sex for reasons other than desire. regardless of what homosexuality is, if it involves 2 men having sex with each other, then its against the bible. the bible doesnt preach against homosexuality, nor the multifaceted aspects of the lifestyle, as you correctly point out. however, the bible has a strong view against men having sex with men. so factor that into your doctrine as you see fit
Then did God not give the laws about unclean food ? Why disregarded them ?  If you disregard them then some Christians could disregard the Gay Sex prohibition.  I will state again that I am not a Christian, since I have not studied the bible in a while I wonder if you can answer the question in my last post ? why does it matter to you (a non-christian) or the gay community, whether christians oppose gay sex? christians, on biblical grounds, also oppose prostitution, gambling, extreme sports, tattoos, body piercing, partying, drinking, smoking, fornication, adultery, charging interest, and a long list of other actions that we see in society all the time. yet not only does society completely ignore these anti-sin rants, but we fnd the very christians themselves participating in all of these actvities, with no aparent problems  do you think the prostitutes need to twist scriptures concerning their abomination? do you see gamblers trying to get the bible to justify their acts? no christian should charge interest for a loan, yet everybody has a savings account or investment, as well as give out loans with interest. and fornication is everywhere on mainstream tv, even though it is still as much a sin in the bible as stealing, murder, and even gay sex  so why do the gays find it necessary to twist the scriptures concerning gay sex? what the bible says about homosexuality wont ever change, just like what the bible says about partying or adultery. do gays think they will go to heaven being gay?
No, it says things about straight men having sex together. In any case, if you're correct, why is there such a furore about gay priests who abstain from sex i.e. (in principle anyway) any catholic priests of Anglicans like Canon Jeffrey John? straight men who have sex with men are having gay sex. gay men who have sex with men are having gay sex. bi men who have sex with men are having gay sex. the bible talks about men that have sex with men, whether they be straight, gay or bi.  i dont know about any furure about gay priests who abstain from sex. and what catholic priests do doesnt change what the bible says
No, it talks about men who have sex with men as if they were having sex with women. Not just in leviticus, but elsewhere where it talks about "leaving the natural use of women". The key thing is that for gay men, there is no "natural use of women" to leave. There is also dispute over whether leviticus actually says "lie with men as they do with women", scholars have given many possible translations, including "two men shall not have sex in a woman's bed". lets try this again. follow closely now...  Leviticus 20:13 - If a man lies with a man as one lies with a woman, both of them have done what is detestable. They must be put to death; their blood will be on their own heads.  the phrase "as one lies with a woman" means "in the manner in which someone would lie with a woman". are you seeing it? its not about a man is lying with another man after he has lain with a woman, or the way he lays with a woman. the pronoun "one" is key. i hope you are seeing this.  please, no more twisted translations
Since when does the bible have anything relevent to say about a person being born gay? From what I understand, they make references to being gay after the choice has been made. I don't think religion has anything to do with being gay.Religion and ancient scriptures can be twisted into any form, to argue for or against being gay. From what I understand, the scientific community hasn't discovered a "gay" gene, so I believe it to be a choice. Personally, I think being gay is a birth defect. being gay cannot be both a choice and a birth defect. and i wouldnt use the word defect either, for the sake of politically correct eyebrow raising.  however, you are right in that there is no gay gene and no evidence that links homosexuality to anything biological or genetic.   the bible makes it clear that it sees gay sex as a sin. bear in mind that a sin is defined as a transgression against a biblical law. if one does not subscribe to biblical law, then sin is a non-entity, and this whole issue is nothing but a waste of time for everyone
I was born hetero sexual. It wasn't a choice. I am attracted to women. I can't imagine why anyone would "choose" to be gay and endure the hardships imposed upon them by society.  I am more than confident the same goes for gays. They are either gay or they are not. It's not a pick and choose scenerio. They cannot "choose" to be straight no more than I could choose to be gay. We are what we are.  Jim, I love ya brutha but I disagree with you 100% on this one man. Keep truckin'! how do you explain the people that claim that they chose to be gay? how do you explain sexual curiousity and experimentation? its quite common for either guys or girls to try different types of sex. if sexual orientation was a case where you are either x or y from birth, then explain the scenario
 @EZ  Thanks for the post, I will have a little read and get back to you. But my first thought is that Jews did not make such distinction between the Moral, Ceremonial and Civil Laws. The Law was the Law(@Trebor please correct me if I am wrong, I only have basic understanding of Judaism).   And again thank you for your post.   You're welcome. I found the following on Yahoo but for some reason couldn't gain access to the actual website:  JewishEncyclopedia.com - LAW, CODIFICATION OF:  A unified and coordinated body of law superseding all previous laws within its scope, or the reenactment of existing law ... well aware of the difference between juridical, ceremonial, and moral law, as is proved by the number of synonyms for ...   Whether or not the ancient Jews made a distinction / classification in these laws is somewhat irrelevent since common sense dictates that a law against adultery (a moral sin), is different than a ceremonial law that dictates a temple ritual, which is different than a commandment not to eat shellfish (relating to one's diet). I have posted confirmation of this from a pro-Jewish website in the past, which was only ignored by Trebor.   The "Law" and its significance is covered in a lot of detail in the New Testament, some of which I previously posted for you.   Cheers...
i sorta missed a day or 2 on here. its interesting that the case of homosexuality in animals is brought up. it may interest you guys to note that homosexuality in animals only occurs among animals in capivity, and has never been observed among animals in the wild.  it would not be at all surprsing to observe a controlled group os only male deer performing homosexual acts. but such an observance will do nothing to advance the idea that that homosexuality is a built-in trait, but rather would reinforce the idea that sexual orientation can be and is adaptable to the situation.  in order to demonstrate that homosexuality has a genetic influence, then a study that corresponds genes to sexual orientation needs to be done. this hasnt been done. whats worse is that homosexuality itself is only a quality that can be claimed by the individual. unlike eye color or chin shape, sexual orientation cannot be determined by looking at physical features. its a behavior. genes have been repetitively proven to directly dictate the body's physical features, but holding genes as responsible for behavior has never been accomplished, and by all likeliness never will
The word used to prohibit man to man sex (toevah) is same word used to prohibit the wearing of linen and wool togather, and the same used for the eating of shrimp. It specifically means 'rituallistically unclean'. the toevah of man to man sex has the death penalty attached to it. maybe it was an extremely rituallistically unclean act, unclean enough to get you killed?
The problem comes when you use these classifications to further your own prejudices. The harmful social effects of adultery are obvious, and hence obviously it falls into moral law. Homosexuality, however, is not demonstrably harmful, and hence does not, even if you can find a prohibition in the bible.  It sounds like you're saying only prejudiced people can agree with God on say, gay sex being a sin? And if you agree with God's Word on this you're a homophobe. Well, naturally I reject that viewpoint.   As for active homosexuality not being harmful, that's a mortal's argument. I think God sees it different. There will be a judgment and people will either lose their salvation, or various heavenly rewards, or both when they appear at the Judgment seat. Their best bet is to receive Jesus Christ for the remission of their sins and ask God to give them the Holy Spirit to help them live a Godly life.
You're employing rather circular logic. You're starting from the assumption that God is agrees with you about sexuality, in short, you're argument is based on having already won the argument. I don't believe that God's word is anti-gay, therefore I do not believe that to agree with God is homophobic. You, however, are. Most of the Bible's proscriptions, against divorce, against eating shellfish, for keeping the sabbath, against incest, are there for reasons that either at the time or forever, make sense (ie shellfish go off easily in a desert climate, changing partners destabilises the environment in which children grow up) from a logical perspective. A prohibition against gay sex only makes any sense at all if you urgently need to grow the population in an age of high infant mortality and low life expectancy. This no longer applies to our current society, so even if there is such a prohibition, there is no longer a need for it, just as there is no longer a need for men to be circumcised or the prohibition on shellfish.  Not "anti-gay," but against gay sex (and against murder, adultery, etc.). And the prhhibitions against gay sex were reiterated in the New Testament (i.e. Romans 1:26-27, etc.) even after the world's population was established, so your argument is unfounded from the Biblical / divine perspective.
Your Bible is the product of ancient, mortal men. We know at least that. Once again, I remind you that your KJV didn't fall out of the sky. Claims that the Bible is the 'Word of God' or that it is divinely inspired lack that which you continually demand of others: 'credible evidence'. Again, you apparently presume to know how God sees things, based, I assume, upon your interpretation of a collection of ANE manuscripts...written by ancient, mortal men.  The Bible is the Word of God. Next.  Are you once again suggesting that devout Jews, Islamics, Hindus, Wiccans, or, for that matter, agnostics/atheists who take seriously the concepts of ethics, morality and compassion have anything to fear in the hereafter simply because they chose not to accept Jesus? Even if they do so in all sincereity and in good conscience? Can you accept the fact that a great many people cannot, in all honesty and good conscience, accept your theology? Would you suggest that they 'fake it', instead?  I suggest they get Christ before they perish. You might read John 16:6 and 3:36 once again, Orion.  Another question I pose for your consideration: if, in fact, Jesus died in order to bring us salvation, why is such salvation (according to you) conditional? Why must everyone join 'the club' in order to be saved? Was Jesus' power therefore limited?  Why do you think joining the club of infidels, unbelievers, and Christ-deniers will help you in the end?   p.s. This website is awfully slow in loading lately, or is that just me?
Except that the Romans passage refers exclusively to heterosexuals engaging in what are, to them, unnatural acts. It does not address those whose orientation is homosexual. You're once again trying to twist the Bible to fit your hatred.  Your explanation and accusation is a joke. Their behavior is describes as a perversion in the same passage.  Recommend you give up your politically correct revisionism. It's not working.
No, I don't speak for you.  You speak for yourself.  And, you show quite well how you trash your own beliefs, showing double standards, and ignoring what you want to ignore in the bible.  More folly from Treborville.   And why are you still dodging the question, "Is God the Creator of the heavens and earth and mankind," according to your very own Tanakh?
Irrelavent to the converstaion at hand.   It is relevent in the new thread I started on the subject and you still dodge it. So why the charade above?
I have to side with the parents on this one. It's one of those issues that many parents would rather be the one to talk to their kids about it, rather than them learning about it from a school teacher. It's yet another case of teachers going past their role of education on the area they're supposed to educate the kids in, and taking on responsibilities the parents should have. I'd feel the same way about a teacher that tried to tell them about heterosexual relationships too. It's not an issue of tolerance and acceptance; its an issue of whether or not parenting is going to be left to the parents.  Too many parents want schools to do a parent's job these days. I'll do that myself, as a parent, thank you.
Fine you can do that anyway you want. But don't restrict a PUBLIC school from actually TEACHING your child. I think that's something the general public forgets what is supposed to be done in schools. All too often parents what their child's school to only teach stupid "feel good" classes that don't actually TEACH our children anything. And then we are parents wonder why we cannot compete on an international platform. :xbanghead  I have no disagreement with that, but I also don't think it contradicts in any way what I said.  The problem is that heterosexuality is envasive in the schools allready. Need to balance that out. Then again you may not understand being that you are oblivious to the heterosexual privledge that your soak in.  I don't think it's invasive at the 2nd grade level, in the school. At least it shouldn't be--rather than teachers teaching about relationships, I think they should teach about the subjects that schools are there for. You know, Writing, math, elementary science, geography, etc.
So reading and literature aren't to be taught.  Huh?? I didn't say that. emoticon_wow
She read a story.  That doesn't mean I think there should be NO reading and literature. I just have an issue with those that try to preach morality and/or relationships to kids (even if it doesn't seem preachy). I'd feel that way about pretty much ANYTHING, including religion or heterosexual relationships. Remember, these are 2nd graders we are talking about here. They're into Clifford, Dr. Suess, etc. Teaching them about marriage just seems to me like something parents ought to do. I have a feeling you'd feel differently if it were your kid hearing something about marriage YOU disagree with. How would you feel if you found out there was a teacher reading a story to 2nd graders about a wife who stays home and cooks all day, and is submissive to her husband? I wouldn't want that read either, but the point is that leaving issues related to relationships up to 2nd grade teachers is something I for one would rather not do, period. That's just me, though. This isn't about one view over another, it's about whether or not the education system is to be relied on for teaching values, instead of parents. I'd feel the same way no matter what the issue.
So as long as the reading materials pass your personal muster they're ok, but as soon as they are questionable to you alone, then it's not ok?  Step off it jyoshu, you're diatribe is so predictable.  So, you'd be just fine if a teacher was reading reading to 2nd graders about submissive wives and dominant husbands in a positive light?  I think we all have our lines in the sand somewhere, including you.
First of all, please don't confuse me with the close-minded. I don't feel a need to only fill my own and my child's mind with only things I agree with or a fractioned view of the world. Nor have I ever been much of a censor. When he asked me about sex in the 1st grade, I answered his questions. When he was three he had two classmates in pre-school with two daddies. I told him that sometimes boys fall in love with boys and girls fall in love with girls. It was as simple as that. As soon as he was able to hold a conversation, he knew about the evils of violence and that there are people in this world who hurt other people. My son watches the news. He is aware of the world he lives in. He is a heck of a kid. I have even let him see things I don't like or agree with - but I tell him why I don't like or agree with them. All knowledge is more power for him. He is ten times more armed and capable than these paranoid parents second graders will be. I would say he posseses more maturity and a better check on reality than THE PARENTS. The only things I would concern myself about is the teaching of religion in an un-academic manner, the display of porn, or gratuitiuous violence.   Literature does and should speak of all of us. The book was age level appropriate and spoke of a portion of the world these children live in. It could have been opportunity for these parents to discuss this matter with their kids, even talk about how they feel about it. Instead these kids get to learn that the world should just be what they want it to be - rather than be what it is. They learn they should shut down the things they personally don't like or understand, than ever bothering to understand them.  By the way, are suggesting that every child's book that has characters that reside in any kind of family setting should be banned from schools?  And to answer your question about the submissive husband and wife story - go ahead and read it to him. My son already knows I don't agree with it. I am OK with him knowing that some people do.  Fair enough. Parenting is one of those things that every parent has their own opinions about how to do it. I won't condemn your style of parenting if you won't condemn mine. The main thing is that we respect each parent's right to do it as they feel is right. Speaking for myself, I'd rather be the one to teach my 2nd grader about these things. (My kids are older now, but the point remains.)  And no, I haven't said anything about "banning" books here.
I think it's an issue of the parents wanting to ensure that they can teach their kids the prejudices that they have, instead of allowing the kid to get all sides of the issue...  Why do assume their motivations could only be bad? Do you not think there is any possibility of parents who simply want to be sure they're the ones who teach their kids about it, with no prejudice? Do you not think parents themselves are capable of teaching all sides of the issue?
Do you not think you could state a point, instead of asking rhetorical questions? :)  There's nothing rhetorical about it. I'm hoping Foundit66 will answer the questions.  Whenever parents want something to not be taught in school, it's almost inevitably because they have one very specific, narrow view on that topic, and they don't want their children exposed to any ideas which contradict that view.  On what evidence do you base that assumption? Or is that just your unqualified opinion?
I believe I did in a subsequent post. "Jyoshu, consider that my position as well." was my response.  Kronos didn't really answer the questions either. Look, either you can, or you can't. It's up to you. If you don't, I can only assume you can't. It's not like they are difficult questions.
I'm sure you would. Especially the leading ones which don't actually address the issue. Don't fool yourself into thinking that we didn't all notice the form in which your questions were presented. "Do you not think there is any possibility of parents who simply want to be sure they're the ones who teach their kids about it, with no prejudice?" If you ask "Is there any possibility that X" than the answer will generally be yes, unless X is utterly impossible. You would than take that "yes" and twist it around to pretend that it was an indication of the general case. Your tactics are quite transparent.  It's hard for me to believe that you can't agree that there is the possibility of parents who simply want to be sure they're the ones who teach their kids about it, with no prejudice.   And again, questions. Why can't you actually take a stand here? If you think I'm wrong than say so, and say why. For a start you could give any plausible other reason why parents wouldn't want their kids exposed to other ideas.  Answer mine, and I'll answer yours. Seems fair enough. But you need to understand that when you make a premise that you want people to agree to or disagree, you need to support that premise first and prove it. I think we've been over this before, Kronos. It's not enough to simply say, with no evidence or support, that "it's almost inevitably because they have one very specific, narrow view on that topic, and they don't want their children exposed to any ideas which contradict that view". You've got to back that up for it to be taken seriously.
Heh. Tell you what then. Before I waste my time digging up evidence which you'll probably ignore anyway, let's get you on the record here. Let's hear you state, clearly and unequivacly, that you think I'm wrong.  Nope--you haven't even given a substantiated premise. If you want to back it up, then do so, otherwise it won't be taken seriously. UNless of course, you were just giving an unqualified opinion.
I spend a whole paragraph demonstrating how disingenous your tactics are, and you demonstrate it in one sentence. Well done! emoticon_xgood   The funny thing is, you're doing the very thing you're accusing me of by moving the goalposts by saying to me "you could give any plausible other reason why parents wouldn't want their kids exposed to other ideas." So, well done to you! emoticon_xgood
Actually, I see it as more of an issue as the answers weren't difficult, but you can't grasp them...  Now, now, that's not very nice.  1) I never said anything which stated that I was assuming that their motives "could only be bad".  You said, "I think it's an issue of the parents wanting to ensure that they can teach their kids the prejudices that they have, instead of allowing the kid to get all sides of the issue..."  Given that you're saying you never meant their motives could only be bad, what is it about this situation, then, that makes you think they ARE bad? Given that you were talking about this situation when you made the comment. What's different with this situation than one where motives AREN'T bad?  2) I think it's a "possibility", but quite frankly, it's not a possibility that I have ever seen.  Why do you assume that THIS situation isn't parents making their decision without prejudice?  Is it a possibility that you have ever seen? Or is this a purely rhetorical situation we're dealing with here?  I think the situation given  in that article  is one such example. Unless of course you can definitively prove prejudice played a role. I tend to think it's better to make provable accusations than non-provable, such as in the case of accusing them of prejudice.   3) "Capable"? Yes. But in every instance like this I have ever seen, the parents made it clear that they were only teaching one side of the issue. A side condemning homosexuals.  In what way did they do that? What, specifically, makes you think it's prejudice?   Can you answer my questions now? Or are you the type that insists others answer your questions, but you pick and choose which questions of theirs you are going to answer?  Please restate your question and I'll do my best to answer it.
Do you not think parents themselves are capable of teaching all sides of the issue? I can just imagine Jyoshu telling his kids both sides of the gay issue.  Right.  Then you'd be surprised.
1) It's in "WorldNetDaily", which is typically an indication of how the article is slanted.  Wait a minute. It's not the article or publication we're talking about here. It's the event in question. If the article is "slanted" and therefore inaccurate, we might as well not be having any discussion about it at all, because all this may be moot. There's no point in even discussing it if we going to assume the article isn't even accurate. If you're going to say it's slanted, we could just as easily say every bit of it is made up and the event never even happened. Which is a pointless direction to go in, if you ask me.  2) From the article: "According to a statement from the traditional-values organization..." Another buzz-phrase which has come to mean "anti-gay" in our society.  But again that problem would be with Worldnet, not the parents. Worldnetdaily is the one that used that phrase.  3) Other people they are talking to... " "We are outraged," parents Rob and Robin Wirthlin told the local Article 8 Alliance. "  And yet they gave specific reasons they were outraged, none of which were typical statements of bigotry. In fact, their email was very cordial.   So not only were they cordial, they made clear their reasoning was that it was a highly charged social issue, that they felt was too controversial for 2nd graders. I'm curious, Foundit66, . . . what other highly charged social issues do you think 2nd graders should be exposed to? Abortion? How about the death penalty? Maybe the deaths of soldiers in Iraq? Or maybe you're just divorced from reality and naively think that the issue of homosexuality and gay marriage really isn't controversial and highly charged.  Until then, we have two competing assessments. I have given facts for why I assess it as I do. You haven't given squat...  Like I said, they said themselves why they were outraged, and I see no reason to think it was because of bigotry. Either way, you're the one asserting that they are bigotted, so it's your burden to prove it, which you haven't by a long shot.  I don't understand why any parent would pull their kid out of a class, beyond the desire to put the blinders on their child to prevent them from learning something.  There are lots of reasons why this might happen. They might feel their child needs to mature more before learning about whatever particular issue it is being taught. Or they might have religious beliefs that are not inline with what's being taught (that's not the same as bigotry, before you jump on that). Or they may simply feel that parents should be the teacher when it comes to moral issues.  The parent is free to provide their child with additional discussion.   The parent is free to provide ALL the discussion if they want, and to do as he or she feels is best for the child.  And I've been asking you repeatedly if you have any concrete, real-life examples of this, but you keep avoiding that question...  Again, the subject matter of the article itself is an example, unless you can prove bigotry was the motive. (and you certainly haven't)  1) It's funny how you yourself have ASSUMED their position, without giving any evidence for it, yet you start out by asking me the basis for my interpretation of the situation. And it's hilarious that you ask that I DEFINITIVELY PROVE my position, while you give no proof whatsoever for yours...   That's because you're the one who made the assertion of bigotry. You've made the accusation. Therefore you need to prove it. Your logic goes as such . . . "Yes your honor, I am accusing him of murdering and being a murderer. But he's got to prove to me he isn't!"   You call people who attend an event which they obtained tickets as "crashers" of that event.  No I didn't. You've lied yet again! If you had bothered to read the thread, you'd find I never said that at all.  To repeat the questions you're avoiding...  Have you ever heard of a situation where parents insisted their kids not be taught about homosexuality, because the parents wanted to insist that it be they who teach their kid about homosexuality in a manner devoid of prejudice, while teaching all sides of the issue?  Certainly. Lots of parents I know prefer to be the ones to present controversial issues like that to their children. There's no need to assume it's bigotry (particularly without evidence). It's the same reason they might, for instance, rather be the one to talk to their kids about the issue of abortion/choice rather than rely on the teacher to do it.  Is that all? You don't have any more questions?
Worldnetdaily was describing an organization which released a statement on behalf of the parents in question. The issue is not with "worldnetdaily", but with whom the parents are consorting with.  Absolutely; the issue is not with Worldnet, yet you are using things Worldnet said as examples if why you think the parents were motivated by bigotry. The parents didn't say "traditional values organization;" Worldnet used that phrase so I find it odd you are using THAT to exemplify bigotry on the part of the parents. Do see what I'm saying here?  HOW is it too controversial for 2nd graders? Men can marry men. It's fact of law in that state.  It's controversial because there is enormous disagree about it and a great many people don't agree with the state. Sort of like the abortion issue--it's a controversial one as well.  It's very possible that the school involved has children raised by a married gay couple. Should the school ban those children until the other anti-gay parents are "comfortable" with letting their kids know about such things?  No, the school should not ban those children.   Hyperbole will get you nowhere, besides ignored. But to explicitly answer all your questions here, "No".  So the only controversial issue you DO think 2nd graders should be exposed to is that of gay marriage?  1)You're the one asserting that it's not by bigotry. You're demanding that I submit to a burden of proof that you have in no way even attempted to broach.  2) Hate to break it to you, but this isn't a court of law. It's my opinion.  2.5) And I'll throw you a bone in explicitly stating that if this were a court of law and the parents involved were charged with "bigotry", I would want more information and testimony before I could convict. (You can now proceed to misrepresent this statement and its implications as you will...)  I just stated how I saw the situation. It's my opinion. If I choose to substantiate it or not, that's my decision. If you choose to believe me or not, that's your decision.  I have provided evidence substantiating my position. If you don't believe it, that's your perogative...  Talk about grossly improper analogy. 1) I'm not accusing anybody of "murder". 2) I'm not accusing anybody of anything in a court of law here. 3) You believe one way. I believe the other. It's idiotic to insist that I present evidence proving my point, while you give NO EVIDENCE to support your point. I'm not surprised that you're coming from that angle, but it doesn't diminish the nature of the request... In fact, I think it kind of re-emphasizes the nature of the request...  Are you familiar with logical fallacies? Do you not realize that by expecting me to prove they weren't bigoted when you've claimed they are (without proof), you are asking me to prove a negative? That's not the way sound argumentation works. No, you don't have to prove your assertion that it was bigotry that motivated these parents, but without it, it's hard to take your accusations seriously. You're basically saying here "they're bigoted, now prove they're not." I'm saying, you gotta first prove their bigoted. Otherwise, why should I believe you? (shrug)  Okay. Can you show me concrete examples of what you speak of? (How many times have I asked this question now?)  Some homeschooled familes are one such example. Another is this case. Sometimes parents just don't want their kids around a lot of controversy. And it stands to reason that they know their kids best. (and by the way, this was in the news on general sites too, before you start in on it being WorldnetDaily.)  In other words, you're going to COMPLETELY dodge my questions, aren't you...  I don't think I've dodged your question. I really do believe the parents in the article here are an example of what you're asking for. I am not lying, and it amazes me that you accuse me of such when I can prove my claim so readily...  Are you telling me that you claimed this article "summed up the event nicely", but that you were disputing ITS VERY TITLE???  The point is that I'm not the one making that statement or using that term ("crashed"). No, I think the title went over the top in this case, but the article itself was good, I thought.
Do you have evidence that the worldnetdaily organization lied about their claim? Because if you don't, you're babbling away about nothing of worth.  Dude, are you even trying to follow this thread?? I don't think you are. I'm not saying they're lying. I don't know if they are or not, nor do I care in this case because it has nothing really to do with our discussion. YOU used something worldnet said to "prove" the parents were bigoted, and of course that doesn't work. You are SO trying to obfuscate here, it's hilarious.   So you're advocating that we hide all reality for "controversial issues" from 2nd graders? Is that what you're advocating?  Tell you what, see if you can go back through my posts and find where I claimed that we should hide "ALL reality" for controversial issues from 2nd graders. That way at least you will have done your homework and it will help you aviod asking embarassing questions that are all-to-easy to verify, as in this case.  That said, I see no good reason to drag 2nd graders into the issue of abortion, the death penalty ("gee dad, how DO they execute criminals?"), homosexuality, or any other controversial social issue. They're 2nd graders, for goodness' sake! That doesn't mean "hide all reality from them" or whatever it is you are maligning my arguments into, but is there any good reason to teach them about all at such a young age?   Then how do you rectify the situation? If the kids shouldn't hear about gay marriage or gay parenting, but they're going to because they ACTUALLY KNOW a child being raised by such, what do you do? Stick your head in the sand?  Dude, that can be done in a way they can understand, on their level! You don't have to go into the ins-and-outs of homosexuality or give them a lesson on the differences between heterosexuals and homosexuals. Suffice it to say that 2nd Graders are going to be fine with simply the explanation that "Joey has two dads" or "Billy has 2 moms." Those aren't statements about sexuality. There's not even any indication that "Joey's dads" are in a homosexual relationship. Of course, I get the impression you'd want to make sure they know it. I see no more reason to explain homosexuality to a 2nd grader than to explain heterosexuality to a 2nd grader. It's silly.  You're trying to side-track the issue with irrelevant questions. I see no point in it.  Pot, meet Mr. Kettle. Oh wait, you two met long ago already.  There are a lot of things people can see as "controversial". Some should probably not be presented to 2nd graders. Some are "controversial" because some XXXXXX make them so, and the children of those XXXXXX can be catered to, but in no way should that require that no 2nd grader hear about it.  Satisfied?  Whoa! I think we have some progress here! Yes, I agree, some should not be presented to 2nd graders. We have an area of agreement! emoticon_xgood   Do you know what "proving a negative" actually means with regards to logical fallacies? Your response demonstrates that you don't. If I asked you to prove that God doesn't exist, that would be requiring a negative proof.  And you're asking to prove so-and-so ISN'T bigoted. Yes, that's expecting me to prove a negative. Would you like a link to a site explaining logical fallacies so you can read up on them?  I don't need to prove something based on what YOU'VE asserted. Again, it's like you making an argument that the earth is flat and expecting everyone else to prove it's round. Why should you not be expected to prove your premise to even be taken seriously?   I had a very simple assertion. Like a "red car" needs to be both "red" and a "car", a "political message" needs to be both "political" and a "message". Yet in all of that, I don't think you saw my position "seriously" at all....  When you offer some proof, maybe I'll take it seriously. You've made a very serious accusation here by saying these parents are bigoted. Such an accusation needs to backed up substantively. I don't think that's too much to ask . . . if someone accused YOU of bigotry you'd want them to prove it, right? This isn't rocket science.  [QUOTE=foundit66]I asked for the following: "Have you ever heard of a situation where parents insisted their kids not be taught about homosexuality, because the parents wanted to insist that it be they who teach their kid about homosexuality in a manner devoid of prejudice, while teaching all sides of the issue?"  And I said yes, I have. The article was one such example. If that's not good enough for you, it's your problem. I also gave you homeschooling as an example of parents who prefer to be the ones to teach their kids about controversial issues, AND I gave you a link to another such case. It seems you aren't really reading my posts.  Until you do, it's like asking for proof of Santa Clause, and you reply that you think he's in a Dairy Queen in Kentucky... (But supply no proof of your claim...)  It's more like a case of you saying Santa exists, me saying "you're going to have to offer some proof" and then you expecting me to give you cases where Santa HASN'T been seen as proof of my position that he's not real. Remember, YOU made the assertion here of bigotry.  So you claimed that the article summed it up quite nicely, but said ABSOLUTELY NOTHING about the title... ... which you now claim "went over the top"...  It's telling that you'd rather argue the title than the article itself. I guess it presents an easier challenge for you.  Now if we can just get you to admit that the anti-gay families involved were egregious in their protest, THAT would be something...  I've already addressed that. (Proof again you aren't even really reading the thread very much.) But I'll say it again: I think there was no need for their counter-protest. The gay families at the easter event weren't getting out of hand or anything.
Maybe I will write a childrens book.  Oh, now THAT would be something to read! I can see it now . . .   a children's book on how to get retribution, revenge, and eye-for-an eye persecution of religious people.   (And don't act like you haven't said numerous times you'd want to "equally" be able to do that sort of thing to religious people.)
Two very good reasons, at least for mentioning same-sex relationships. One, some of the kids probably know someone with gay parents.  Even if that's true, why is it a reason for them to be taught about it? So what if they have a friend somewhere with a gay dad? They probably know kids with a left-handed parent as well; they might even know a kid who had a dad in prison. Would you raise a stink about THOSE cases possibly not getting read to the kids as you're doing here? Why does this even need to be an issue? Furthermore, since gays make up less than 10% of the population (probably closer to 5% if stats out there are true), and an even smaller percentage are gay AND parents, then chances are that few of them know someone with a gay parent. In other words, it's really not that common.   I wonder how many books out there focus on single-parent families, or kids being raised by grandparents. Or maybe kids that are on the street with no parents. Probably not many. I just find it odd that only with books about gay parents do some people seem to think it's crucial for some unknown reason to make sure everyone knows about it. As if somehow kids are going to be damaged if they don't know that kids exist being raised by a gay mom or dad. Or more importantly, that they might be damaged if we actually dare leave it up to the parents to explain such issues. Wow--actually trusting parents to prepare their kids for life . . . . imagine that. emoticon_rolleyes   Two, and frankly much more important, in a class of 30 kids, several ARE gay  Maybe, maybe not. We don't really know how developed "sexual orientation" is at 2nd grade. Assuming sexual orientation is even really any more than an vague concept that's gotten blown WAY out of proportion because the gay rights movement jumped all over it.  But that's PRECISELY what the teacher was doing. Quite appropriately, she was having a class day focused on marriage. Until this year, it was only about heterosexual marriage. It's called learning.  So you'd really be fine with limiting the 2nd graders to what I said, and not going into what it means to be gay or even bringing up being gay? (riiiight.) There's a difference between saying a kid has 2 dads, and saying the kid has a gay parent. I don't think the class limited the discussion to 2 parents of the same gender, or there wouldn't have been such a fallout over it.  You know, at the end of the day, this all comes down to whether or not we think it's ok for parents (instead of schools) to determine what they think is right for their kids to be exposed to, and when, regarding controversial social issues. I think it's absolutely fascinating that some of you can't seem to agree that they should just because of your pet issues being at stake. The same people who are acting like it's some gawd-awful tragedy that some parents objected to this would probably be the first to raise a stink if the teacher read a book about something disagreeable from THEIR point of view. Imagine if the teacher actually read a book that mentioned God or focused on a household with a mom and a dad.
Yeah, I don't think kids should be exposed to the Old Testament, either. Scares 'em and gives 'em all sorts of odd ideas.  You'd better take that up with people who only believe in the Old Testament.   (Or if you really want to do a good thing, stop the attempts to chain yank with such off-beat comments altogether. emoticon_xgood Otherwise, the religion forum is that way ----< )
Wow, wonder how off-topic we can actually get, here?  I'm just wondering how taking a cheap swipe at Christians has anything to do with the discussion at hand.
I think the best response to your whining comes from the movie Stripes, where the drill instructor puts his hand on the shoulder of the blustering recruit, and tells him, "Lighten up Francis".  There's plenty of topical comments for you to reply to, sunshine...  Hey, if taking cheap shots at religious people is your thing, knock yourself out. It only makes you look that much more desperate in your arguments.
1) It's not a cheap shot. It's entirely accurate. 2) If taking cheap shots at my side-comments is your thing, while you ignore ALL THE REST of my arguments which are actually on topic, knock yourself out. It only make people realize how desparate you are in your arguments...  If you had said "some Christians" or "fundamentalist Christians" it would be accurate. You're generalizing, and it's not accurate.   Also, why have you changed topics all of a sudden? This belongs in the religion forum.
Maybe the school under the supervision of this guy will be more to their liking?  "A gay-rights group is demanding an apology or explanation from Palm Beach CountySchool Board Chairman Tom Lynch for a word he uttered near the end of Wednesday's board meeting.  The Palm Beach County Human Rights Council issued a statement the next day condemning Lynch's use of the term "protected species" in a reference to homosexuals.  Lynch made the comment during a discussion -- pegged to a student expulsion case -- about a board policy aimed at protecting all students from harassment and discrimination. Board member Debra Robinson says it "bothered" her as soon as she heard it." Google Cache Link  Evidently, Mr Lynch did eventually apologize... http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/04/19/AR2006041901134.html  I saw that news story as well. I don't see any good reason for him to have used that comment. An apology was warranted.
Another aspect to the school teacher reading the book about gay parents that hasn't been brought up here is that, according to the article, the teacher admitted that the book was not a part of the school's curriculum in the first place. It's been my understanding that teachers are supposed to stick to a school's curriculum, instead of doing their own thing.  It's my opinion that the teacher's actions are certainly open to criticism based on that fact alone.
A curriculum is a guideline of things that NEED to be covered. A minimum requirement. Not a restrictive boundary.  I have never heard of any example of disciplinary action or even justified "criticism" just because a teacher did something that was more than just the lesson plan.  I would think that we should encourage teachers to do MORE than just that which is in the lesson plan...  Hmm . . . I did some searching on this and can't really find much on it either way (whether or not teachers are allowed to deviate from or add to approved curriculum in schools). Logically, I would think they can't, or at least would be discouraged from it. If they could then there would be nothing to stop a teacher from, upon finishing the approved science textbook, bringing out a religious text to go into intelligent design, for instance. This isn't so much censorship, because there is still nothing to stop the teacher from giving his or opinion. But utilizing a different text that the school's approved curriculum would be going too far, I would think. I can't prove it in this case (yet) because I so far haven't been able to find much on this issue. So, I could be wrong. If anyone else knows of a site that gives light on this subject, could you please let us know? I suspect the issue is also complicated by the fact that it could largely be determined by the indivdual schools instead of any "law of the land."  But even with all that said, I still find it noteworthy that this was a case where the teacher acted outside of approved curriculum--a fact that shouldn't go unnoticed.
History shows us that a child of a left-handed parent or a child of a parent in prison does not so routinely get teased and ridiculed like a gay child or a child of a gay parent or parents. There is a very good reason to introduce this to the children on their level so that the gay child they WILL eventually meet or the child or a gay parent or parents that they will possibly meet, will not be teased and ridiculed and emotionally scarred. IMO, the objections of these parents and the like are doing nothing more than encouraging this type of negative behavior.  So essentially, your reasoning for the issue of homosexuality and/or gay parenting to be taught in the classroom is that gay people are sometimes ridiculed and teased. The problem I see with that reasoning is that there are many things for which kids get teased in which that reasoning is never applied. By your standards, we should be teaching kids not just about gay people, but bullied people, short people, people with deformities, people who wear glasses, people who who don't have many friends, people who are religious, people who have lisps . . . . the list goes on and on and on to the point where it would take all the time a teacher had. Why does the issue of homosexuality get special treatment here?   Don't get me wrong; I do think your reasoning is honorable. I don't think people should be ridiculed and teased for ANY reason, being gay included. But I think the way to deal with that is to teach kids not to tease for ANY reason, and to be sensitive to the feelings of other people. That way ALL reasons for teasing are covered. My opinion is that schools should really focus on standard educational disciplines (math, science, HOW to read, geography, etc.) rather than playing the active role of shaping a child's social and cultural views and ideologies. Bullying and teasing can be combatted a number of other ways.
Did you even GO to high school? Or any school? Disregard. Homeschooled? I have seen PLENTY of deviation from the lesson plan, and NOTHING even blinked nasty... Do you even realize when you step firmly into "apples and oranges"? If such a thing happened, the objection wouldn't center around "Well, it's not on the lesson plan". Do I need to explain further? Or do you see your error? Oh dear gawd... You actually think that the concern is stopping teachers from giving their opinions? Let's step back a minute. Did you go to school? Was this EVER a problem at your school? Did your teachers ever "deviate" from the lesson plan? Yeah. And the school board SUPPORTED the teacher. Maybe they'll add it for next year. Would that make you and your "stick" happier?  But we're not just talking about deviating from the lesson plan here, we're talking about using texts that are not part of the school's curriculum. No one here is talking about a teacher merely giving his or her own opinions or deviating from the lesson plan. But I doubt you ever had a teacher who used a different textbook or gave an assigned reading book outside of what the school approved. I could be wrong, of course.   Aside from all that . . . .   Look, it seems very clear that you and I have gotten off on the wrong foot here for whatever reason. It just does neither of us any good to call each other names, be rude, ask very pointed rhetorical questions intent to be rude, or make snide comments about each other. I just have no interest in continuing that type of exchange. I think we would both enjoy dialog with each other much more if we just made it a point to be civil and respecting of each others' opinions. What do you say? Shall we each start anew here and do this a better way? I'll start myself by saying that whatever insults I've thrown at you, I apologize. And really, even if you aren't interested in "cleaning things up" as well, I'm going to endeavor to be respectful to you, regardless of what you do or don't do.   How 'bout it? Deal? emoticon_xhoho
As long as you continue to bring up abortion and murder when what we're discussing is loving, married couples who happen to be of the same sex, you can expect me to yank your sanctimonious, hypocritical chain.  Yet all of those are examples of controversial issues in our society. That's why they were grouped together in this situation. But didn't you really already know that?    I hope with all my heart that your kids aren't gay.  What does that have to do with wanting to be the one to guide them instead a teacher I really don't know that well? Isn't a parent taking responsibility a good thing?  If they did turn out to be gay, I'd love them no less. Not that it's really any of your business in the first place.  Back to square one on sexuality again, eh? What a loser. My sexual orientation was fully set and I knew it at that age. You, apparently, are still in the undecided category.  You already were physically and romantically attracted to people in the 2nd grade?? No offense, but I find that hard to believe. You would have to have set the historical record for early puberty.
How many times have you heard about a kid getting KILLED because he wore glasses? Tormented, including by the SCHOOL STAFF, to the extent that the kid had to leave school?  You have a point, but kids getting killed because they are gay isn't that common either, really. I'm not belittling it, I'm just stating the truth. It's not like kids getting killed for being gay happens often. (Of course, 1 time is too many, but the point here is that kids are tormented for numerous reasons, and I think of we are going to take one reason and make it a big issue in our schools, we have to fairly take all the reasons it happens. But the best solution is to let schools educate on the basic subjects (math, science, HOW to read, geography, etc.) and leave the social ideology issues up to mom and dad. (Or dad and dad, or mom and mom, I suppose, given the topic. :) )  I would think the other issues should also be included in a general discussion.  In that case, I could agree here, although I still think the better way is to let the parents take care of that.
Perhaps. Chances are quite high, though, that they'd hate themselves.  And why do you think that?  Oh, the general upbringing of children is only YOUR business. I see.  The upbringing of MY children. Your not-so-nice comment wasn't about children everywhere, remember?  I tried to give another boy a Valentine in grade school... first or second grade.   Frankly, I would find an action like that by a kid in 1st or 2nd grade to be of little indication of whether someone was going to be gay or not. It seems to me a bigger indicator would have been your attractions, since that's generally how "sexual orientation" is determined. I don't believe a 1st or 2nd grader is really capable of serious romantic attractions. Maybe fondness or admiration, certainly. But physical attraction? No.  You find everything you don't like hard to believe. Puberty has nothing to do with orientation. Were you completely uninterested in girls until your balls dropped? Maybe you were just way behind the curve.  I agree puberty and "orientation" are not the same thing. But I don't believe "orientation" can really be determined until puberty starts setting in. Maybe you were just an enigma.
It's odd how offended you get when people talk about your life. You talk about ours, often in dismissive, offensive ways and tell us not to take it personally.   I've never told you that you were parenting wrongly, or even specifically commented about any relationships you have. If you don't understand the difference between having a general stance on relationships in society, and telling someone their kids are going to grow up hating themselves, then you must have hacked off a LOT of people in your lifetime! Do you not realize that there's very little difference in what you've done here and what fundies do when they tell gay people that their kids are going grow up warped? (Which I've never done, not that you would apparently realize.) It's odd that you would do that, when you talk about how much you hate people doing that to gay people.  Again, who knows more about it? You or me?  Ok, fair enough.  Based on your performance here and your naive ideas of what children know and when they know it, there's a good chance that any gay kids you had would grow up pained about your silence (or worse) about them.  So, exactly where IS your degree in childhood psychology from, anyway?
Your "general stance" is demeaning to gay relationships and I am in a gay relationship, ergo...  Nice tactic. Take a general stance someone takes on an ideological issue, pretend it's the same as a personal insult and there you have it. A whole new way to attack a message.   What's next? Opposing gun control is the same as empowering murderers and pulling the trigger in a homicide?   There's an enormous difference. I think you could do a good job in this area. They think it's impossible for gay parents to do well.  Why would I do a good job in such an area when I am FOR gay adoption?  Shake your head all you want. Gay people know a lot more about this stuff than you do.  Shake my head I will. Being gay just doesn't magically give a 1st grader the ability to tell his sexual orientation.
Ok, so we don't go out of our way to teach children about homosexuality. But when it does come up, what do you think the parents are saying with such protest? Aren't they sending their kids a message that will definitely help form their views and would most likely lead to a gay child or a child of gay parents being harmed emotionally by their intolerance?   I think it depends on the motivations of the parents. If they are doing it because they don't like gay people, then yes. If they are doing it because they would prefer themselves being the ones to guide their children on such issues, then not necessarily.   It seems that you feel there are only 2 possible outcomes here: kids being gay and their parents fully accepting it, or kids being gay and thinking their parents hate them or them hating themselves. But I know of people who struggled with being gay as well, and their parents made it clear to them they loved them dearly but couldn't condone gay behavior. These kids didn't hate themselves, they knew their parents loved them but also had to stick to their moral beliefs. It's the same idea as when a parent finds out their kid is into any sort of behavior that a parent doesn't approve of. They can still show enormous love to the kids without condoning that behavior. Sure, these kids struggled with their desires (as anyone would who struggles with an issue), but they came through it and live pretty normal lives, and learned that libido isn't everything. I'm just saying that the two outcomes you are proposing may not be the only possibilities.  I myself struggled with temptations (not related to this) in other areas as a kid. My parents loved me, and I know they loved me, but they didn't approve of everything I did. Before I come to definite conclusions here, I'd prefer to hear about or from people who struggled with gay tempation in their youth, but realized later that their parents didn't hate them and actually loved them, and learned to live fullfilling lives. There are people like that out there--some of them are in what you'd probably call the ex-gay movement.   Jyoshu, I just want to give you a little more input on this matter. I myself tried to kiss a boy in the coatroom in 1st grade. Another time when I was about 8 I talked my neighbor into playing "doctor". There has to be something to it! I never had the slightest interest to do these things with any girl.  I appreciate your input. And maybe you are right on this.   Jyoshu, I don't know you and make no judgement on your parenting. However, I can say that I am gay and know many gay individuals. The silence of parents on this subject or the actions like those in this article equals rejection. Parents often don't talk about this with their children because they assume their children are not gay or are not going to be gay. So they stay quiet. Once the child realizes the parents position it causes a rift among them and the relationship becomes more and more distant as the child ages. The gay child feels rejected, guilty and unworthy of living. This is from my experiences and the experiences of just about every gay person I know. This could not be what any parent wants for their child.  Ok, but what about parents who have definite religious beliefs that homosexual behavior is wrong? How can we expect them to not raise their kids the way they believe is right?
I think the importance of diversity education overrides whatever objections or predudices these parents might have.  I think there is a very important difference between the issue of homosexuality and issues of mere "diversity". The difference is that homosexuality is very much of a moral issue for many people. It's not just something like different skin color, or different ethnicity. It's a moral delimma.  I also think people in the gay rights movement sometimes automatically assume that any moral concern over homosexuality is always prejudice and bigotry, and in my experience is actually usually is not.
If I'm not mistaken, the schoolbook in question was used the year before also. With no problems. If the school wanted to exclude the book from their "approved" list, they would have done so. But instead, they defended it. Ergo, I think it's fairly obvious that the book is fine.  But the teacher admitted it wasn't part of the approved curriculum, so it was excluded from their approved list.  I respect honesty. When I see consistent honesty from you, you'll be treated accordingly.  And you should take it to heart that I don't say that as an intended insult, but rather precisely as how I see some of your posts.  With all due respect, I've never been anything but honest with you. It's the tone, petty insults, and rude comments that I'm talking about, that you and I both know we let ourselves sink to. This isn't good dialogue and does no one any good. I hope we can both do better than that, and I certainly plan to.
I've asked this question before with no tangible response. WHY should the "moral dilemma" of two sets of parents restrict ALL the kids of the other parents from hearing this story or getting taught in the manner that the rest of the parents want it taught?  I understand what you're saying and ultimately the school will have to make the descision, not the parents.   If Parents of children A and B see something as a "moral dilemma", but Parents of children C through Z have no such dilemma, why should two of the parents make policy for the majority? To put it in another perspective, if people want "majority rules" and "democracy" for the "gay marriage" issue, then why wouldn't that same thinking apply here?  Well, let's keep in mind that none of the parents are in the position to make policy here. The school does that. It's their descision what to do, and chances are they will continue to allow the book to be read. I agree with you that one set of parents shouldn't be given precendent over everyone else, but that's not really what I'm arguing for. I'm arguing that the parents who are objecting are certainly within their right to protest, and should be looked on no differently than any parent doing what they feel is best for their kids.  Okay. I just HAVE to know this now. Do you actually KNOW ANY gay people?  Yes, I do.   Do you know any gay people on a "friends" basis where if they called you up on a Friday night, you wouldn't be shocked?  Yes. One of my best friends is gay; though he moved to a different town a couple of years ago.   Because I AM a gay man who has heard a variety of stories from people who experienced discrimination first hand, and my perspective and "experience" is quite the opposite of yours.  I don't disagree with you at all that gay people are sometimes discriminated against. I agree with you on that 100%. I'm just saying that, from what I've seen, most of the opposition to homosexuality on religious grounds is based in religion, and most of it is people simply trying to do what they think is right. Whether they are ill-informed is a different matter, but many times their motives are not evil. They really do believe that homosexuality is a sin. It's not bigotry, it's their religious belief. This is what I've seen, and I've been around a LOT of Christian people of that mindset. (I'm an ex-fundie.)
I see it more as a "curriculum" which directs the teacher to discuss different types of religion, and then gives examples of Christianity, Jewish, and Muslim. If the teacher wants to also discuss "Hindus", I have no problem with that. If the teacher THE YEAR BEFORE discussed "Hindus", and the school DEFENDED that act, then that demonstrates that it's not an issue.  Not necessarily. Every year schools go through a curriculum approval process. It's a yearly thing; in other words what was 'approved' or 'prescribed'' or 'defended' one year may in fact not be the next.   while you ignore the bigots at the fence with the bull-horns and picket signs that demonstrate ACTUAL protesting... And then you "commend" some conservatives, while making no mention of the people who were actually disruptive... You reveal wayyyyy too often where your opinion truly lies. "Actions" sometimes speak louder than words...  I addressed this earlier already, and I quote:  "I think there was no need for their counter-protest. The gay families at the easter event weren't getting out of hand or anything." In other words, I agreed with you! Did you not see where I wrote that?  Oh, and FWIW, another good reason for us to cease and desist things like calling each other a liar (when we're not lying) and throwing insults is simply that it's against the forum rules. You can be banned for it.
Have you ever talked to him about your statements that you have made on this message board? Both with this ID that you are now using, and others that you have used in the past?  This is the only "ID" I've used.  He certainly knows my views, and he agrees with me on a lot of it--he's a Christian man who used to struggle greatly with gay desires. Now he's married and has kids, and loves his life! That's not to say he doesn't deal with temptation from time to time--just like any person who is tempted to do things he feels is wrong. But he's an excellent case of someone who has successfully learned to live a fulfilled life when he was gay. And frankly, his experience and comments is a lot of the reason I don't put much stock in the gay pride movements' insistence that gay's can't change, and that they can only be miserable if they try. It's hard to take that seriously when you've seen the very opposite played out in the life of someone you know very well.  Blink! Blink! Didn't we already have a similar discussion? ALL BIGOTS are doing what they think is right, sometimes based on religion.  In my opinion, bigotry is a motivation. So is religion. Religion is a belief in God, and the doctrines. I see religion as something different than bigotry.  I'm curious. Would you be willing to apply this philosophy to muslim extremist terrorism? Religious belief CAN BE bigotry. There is nothing that mutually excludes the two.  The muslims that attacked on 9/11 had an extreme hatred of America. THAT was bigotry. If they had been following religion, they wouldn't have participated in the attack because the Koran does not condone their actions. Their's was a case where bigotry superceded their religion. It wasn't one and the same. So I disagree; I think religion in and of itself is benign. It is when religion becomes controlled by bigotry that problems arise.
Well, what about when you ARE lying... And will I get a chance to show the forum leader precisely why I consider you to be lying in the specific case?  With all due respect, I have not lied to you. If you feel it's that that important to not move on at this point and put all this behind us (which would be best, IMO), feel free to go back and show were you think I've lied to you. I've been completely honest with you.
Is he a gay man married to a woman, with kids? Is that what you're telling me?  That's probably the way you'd think of him. But in his thinking he's not really gay anymore.  How few and far between your "friend" truly is, if he even exists? Your friend, if he exists, would be a reason to doubt it could never happen. But do you understand how rare such a thing truly is? How many people try, and realize that their innate being is homosexual?  I don't know, but I do know what he's told me. And why do you keep saying "if he exists?" Do you think I'm making this up????  And another issue would be why the heck should we have to change in the first place? Just because some other people aren't comfortable with who we are?  I didn't say you should. I'm just telling you what he told me.  They aren't mutually exclusive. Much bigotry has been committed in the name of "religion". Even the KKK and the Nazis claim a Christian mandate...  All that proves is that they try to use religion to justify their bigotry. It doesn't prove that religion IS bigotry.
No. Actually my point is that I would NOT consider him as "gay" at all. Which brings me back to my original question... (With an adjustment) Do you know any gay people who aren't despising their homosexuality?  No, not other than I've run into online in this forum.  I'm curious. Do you feel that ex-gays are too "in your face"?  Eh? I don't get the question, but no, I don't think they're too "in my face."  And what if their religion DOES justify the bigotry???  There might be religions out there that do that, but Christianity does not.
Do you understand how this would limit a LOT of your understanding of gay people, and the issue of homosexuality?  On the other hand, how many people do you know with my opinions who has actually gone out of his way to form his opinions based on getting to know a real gay person? Have you ever stopped to think that maybe, just maybe, there are other possibilites out there other than gay pride movement talking points? That maybe, just maybe, there are people out there who have and do live fine lives having learned to not live the gay way of life?   Really? All the time they "out" themselves as "ex-gay"? How they form groups to let people know who they are? <end sarcasm<  I don't get whatever it is you're trying to say here.  Really? Bible verses about stoning homosexuals? Bible verses about how gays are bad people?  You are referring to passages that, with the coming of Christ (and therefore Christianity), were made null.  But then you spend (from what I have seen) virtually ALL of your time criticizing gay people...  I think you're biased here. I don't criticize gay people. I sometimes criticize the gay pride movement, but that's not the same thing. And besides, in a discussion forum, saying I am for something like gay adoption IS taking a stand for it.
Have you ever stopped to think that these "talking points" are issues that AFFECT OUR LIVES?  Sure, but after seeing the words and actions of gay activists (you included, to be honest--you wanted honesty, after all), I think a lot of what the gay pride movement says is total B.S.   What the heck do you think is a "gay way of life"? Please define that for me.  pursuing gay relationships.  And are you separating "Christianity" from what people say Christianity is?  Do people say Christianity means to go a stone gay people? Because I've NEVER heard a Christian say that. Every Christian I know realizes that the law in the OT that says to stone gay people was changed in Christ's coming.  Just out of curiousity, when a "gay adoption" thread has popped open, have you ever said in that thread that you support gay adoption? Have you ever argued for gay adoption in that thread, while giving reasons why you support it?  Tell you what, if you really want to know (and if it's really important enough for you) do a search.  If we had people running around in great numbers who wanted to limit the rights of the Jews, based on the religious beliefs, would you say it wasn't bigotry but rather just "religious beliefs"?  No, this is where your misunderstanding is becoming clear. I'll explain the difference as best I can. When reloigious people disapprove of gays, it's not the "being gay" they are disapproving of. Its the behaviors they believe are associated with it--having gay relationships. They really do believe the Bible frowns upon gay relationships. For them, it's no different than any other sort of relationship the Bible frowns on, like incest or adultery. That's what they believe. Their opposition is not about you being gay, it's about gay behavior. Have you ever heard a preacher rail against someone for having a gay sexual orientation? Probably not. But many preachers have probably railed over people being in gay relationships. So the bottom line is that for religious people with this issue, it's not about your state of being, it's about behavior. When the KKK goes out and burns a cross in a black person's yard, they do it because they're black. That's the reason. When religious people take a stand you don't like on homosexuality, they almost always don't hate you (although the gay pride movement talking points will tell you they do). They just believe your actions are wrong. That's not bigotry, it's actually a form of concern. I don't hold out much hope that you'll actually stop and think about this some, and learn from what I've written, based on the posts you've made so far. But I lay it out for others who are willing to read it and think about it.
Sure, but after seeing the words and actions of gay activists (you included, to be honest--you wanted honesty, after all), I think a lot of what the gay pride movement says is total B.S.     pursuing gay relationships.    Do people say Christianity means to go a stone gay people? Because I've NEVER heard a Christian say that. Every Christian I know realizes that the law in the OT that says to stone gay people was changed in Christ's coming.    Tell you what, if you really want to know (and if it's really important enough for you) do a search.    No, this is where your misunderstanding is becoming clear. I'll explain the difference as best I can. When reloigious people disapprove of gays, it's not the "being gay" they are disapproving of. Its the behaviors they believe are associated with it--having gay relationships. They really do believe the Bible frowns upon gay relationships. For them, it's no different than any other sort of relationship the Bible frowns on, like incest or adultery. That's what they believe. Their opposition is not about you being gay, it's about gay behavior. Have you ever heard a preacher rail against someone for having a gay sexual orientation? Probably not. But many preachers have probably railed over people being in gay relationships. So the bottom line is that for religious people with this issue, it's not about your state of being, it's about behavior. When the KKK goes out and burns a cross in a black person's yard, they do it because they're black. That's the reason. When religious people take a stand you don't like on homosexuality, they almost always don't hate you (although the gay pride movement talking points will tell you they do). They just believe your actions are wrong. That's not bigotry, it's actually a form of concern. I don't hold out much hope that you'll actually stop and think about this some, and learn from what I've written, based on the posts you've made so far. But I lay it out for others who are willing to read it and think about it.   Nicely said! emoticon_xgood
Can you see where this perspective is problematic for gays?   We Christians don't hate you for being gay. We just object if you behave like you are gay. If you do something abominable like pursuing a relationship, that is what we have a problem with. In addition, if you behave that way we will compare it to incest or adultery (or much worse), but we mean no offense at calling your behavior these things. We cannot fathom why you would have a problem with these labels for your behavior.  See we have no problem with your gayness. If you were not gay, your behavior - like pursuing relationships - would be perfectly fine. But because you are gay, it is abominable. All you gays need to do is act like you are not gay at all, and Christians would have no problem with your behavior. That's all.   Can you see how that smacks of a disingenuous argument? Hating the sin for all practical purposes is tantamount to hating the sinner.  The only thing I can tell you is that, from the Christian persepective, it's not that way. Christians often view homosexual behavior in the same way they would view any other vice. So in the same way, they don't hate people who commit adultery, but they do disapprove of the action. Your movement, I'm convinced, portrays religious opposition as an attack on people instead accurately portraying the opposition to be over the actions of people. Your movement does this because it's a way to vilify religious people and play the victim, and it's another way that your movement lies. I'm not talking about gay people here, I'm talking about the gay pride movement.  But although your movement puts out that line of thinking, I'm not discounting the fact that you really do believe it's disingenuous. However, the problem is that you only view this two possible ways: full acceptance of people or none at all. The third way, which you aren't allowing for (and happens to be the correct one) is full acceptance of people but disapproval of some actions. Actions and one's state of being are two different things.
Unkerpaulie is correct--the irony here is that even if a person is straight, religious people will still disapprove of that person engaging in homosexual relations. That fact alone is plenty of indication that for religion it's not an issue of innateness or state of being at all, but of behavior.  The thing is, this (like most public policy discrimination issues) is much more complex than simply religious people wanting to discriminate and put it into law. It's just not that simple. People who oppose religious people on this issue should be clear here--is their intention to only stop what they perceive as discrimination, or to stop the religious view about homosexual relations, or is it both? And what of people who oppose homosexual relations or legalized gay marriage, or both, but who aren't religious and therefore don't even use religion as an argument?  If the point is to simply oppose religious people because they have the religious view that gay relations are immoral, then it's a hopeless cause for gay rights. That much is certain. The Bible and it's predominant interpretation that gay relations are wrong has been around far longer than the gay rights movement and has survived far worse attacks in the past.  If the point is to simply oppose discrimination but NOT the religious view, then one has to wonder why they are attacking the religious view at all instead of simply dealing with the legal matter purely on legal grounds. Wasting time and resources trying to convince millions of people to turn their backs on their time-honored and sacred religious beliefs, or trying to convince them that their doctrine is some sort of bigotry only takes emphasis off the legal and constitutional arguments. And if the gay rights issue is such a given and a slam-dunk as the gay rights movement would have us believe, then one would think they would have no need to bother attacking the religious view.
I ask you. How often does that happen?  It doesn't matter--that is beside the point. The point is not how often either takes place, but rather the motives at work here. And I'm telling you, for religious people it's not about sexual orientation or the issue of innateness. Do you not realize that most religious people in these churches don't even know much about sexual orientation nor subscribe to that theory? How can you claim they attack you on the basis of your innateness or sexual orientation when they don't even know what that is, in many cases?   Another way to look at it is this: there are a number of people out there who claim to have "left the homosexual lifestyle." (and please let's not get into the term "lifestyle" right now, I'm simply saying what THEY say.) Some of them have ministries. If, for the church, it was about BEING gay that's wrong, the church would still reject these people. But they don't because these people claim to have left the "gay lifestyle" which is indicative of ceasing a pattern of behavior.  In fact, the very fact that religious people use the term "gay lifestyle" instead of "being gay" should tell you that for religious people it's a behavioral issue. I'm not arguing whether or not the church is right on this or not, I'm saying that's the way they view this issue. It's all about the behavior to them.
We are not talking asking murderers to stop murdering. We are talking about asking human beings to stop being human beings.  Well, now that's the bottom line disagreement between you and many religious people, now isn't it: whether or not gay behavior is benignly part of just "being human" or whether or not it's an immoral behavior. The thing is, you are asking them to turn their back, overnight basically, on their religious beliefs only because some recent (relatively speaking) medical associations suddenly say that it's just a normal part of human behavior. Put yourself in their shoes for a moment and take another vice (since they view gay sex as a vice) as an example: if suddenly several medical associations said that it's a normal part of human behavior to act out violence, would you so readily accept that violence is ok? Or maybe sexual activity with children? (And understand I'm not using that analogy to say gay relationships are similar, I'm only using it to help you see this from their point of view. The only way to do that is to find something that you would consider an immoral behavior, because that's the way many religious people view gay relations. I'm NOT saying gays are like people who do these things or even equating them.) You're basically asking them to change their view just like you would have to change your view on THOSE matters.   Now even if religious people are wrong on this, do you think hundreds of years of belief can be dropped overnight? Don't you think a better tactic would be to be at least somewhat understanding toward their position and not be hostile to them, realizing that it's going to take some time (and that it may never even happen)? And for that matter, what if these medical and psychological associations are wrong? They've been wrong on things before. Why should their views on this be taken as dogma?  The problem with this viewpoint is this. A lot of policital and statutory action occurs because of this. It is not kept within the confines of the church. I have battled several state ballot measures in which the other side specifically took a religious point of view. Our side lost the last time.   Agreed, and I too have a problem with Christians trying to legislate their doctrines. I don't think state ballot initiatives are a good idea for Christians to start up. That's not to say I think they are illegal or unconstitutional--they are part of the democratic process. But as a Christian myself, I tend to think that Christians should have better things to do that to lobby for things like this. There are certainly more important things mandated in Christian scripture, such as worship, helping orphans, helping the poor and homeless, simply showing the love of Christ, etc.
Yeah, and that's why you've chosen to spend years arguing against gay rights (which you supposedly support).  In part, I do support them. Have you EVER even tried to see how gay rights is a multi-faceted issue? Also, why are you muddying the issues here? We were talking about politics in churches, which is a problem.  There was a poll done a little while ago which asked people not associated with the Christian religion to rank their opinions of certain groups of people... Lawyers, Gays, Lesbians, Prostitutes, born-again Christians, ... The average ranking found that these people ranked born-again Christians SECOND TO LAST, beating out only prostitutes. You criticize the "gay rights movement" for not being more understanding, and question whether or not they are hurting themselves more than they are helping. You ever stop to ask the same question about the actions of Christians???  Sure I do. But this is the Gay Rights forum, where we discuss gay rights and it's movement.   No doubt, there are Christians who have given Christianity a bad name. And then part of the problem is people who hate certain groups of Christians, and simply vilify Christians in general at any given opportunity because of it.  Anti-religious prejudice is the last socially acceptable form of bigotry. After all, you can always get away with talking bad about those evil, green-eyed, dastardly Christians, can't you? emoticon_xgood
I think everyone here has made it clear that they are referring to the christians that are oppressive and try to legislate their views. I think the one of terms used was banned.  Is that who you think Foundit66 was referring to when he brought up the poll about Christians instead of just "christians that are oppressive and try to legislate"?
Honestly, do you really think that gay people care one iota about the beliefs of christians. I can tell you that I haven't met one. It is clear that conern is only towards some christians actions. When they circulate a petition to put their religious views into law, the backlash is hardly because we care about their views, its because we care about how they want to impose their views on us. It's obivous to the these christians, that do this, that gay rights is a slam dunk. Otherwise they wouldn't need any constitutional admendments. If gay rights were not something we are entitled to they wouldn't bother getting involved with such initiatives.  I think it's gone both ways. If gay rights people only focused their invective on the ones who circulate petitions, or the ones who truily are out to take away their rights, I'd agree with you. Or even acknowledge that actually very few Christians (in fact very few people) "hate" gay people.  But you're right--some misguided Christians have tried to legislate against gay people, in the form of a marriage amendment and laws that regulate their behavior. And I can see how that would anger gay people.
If I moved over to the Religion forum, would I find ANY statement from you noting any of that???  Oh you needn't worry . . . there's more than enough effort there by people making sure everyone knows the wicked 'evils' of Christianity. But if you're really so interested in my thoughts on this, you can find where I've interacted with a number of them there numerous times.  Are you telling me that you think these people had a negative perception of Christianity because other people vilify Christianity? LOL!  Absolutely. Like I said, prejudice against religion is the last socially acceptable form of bigotry. It's very common, but because it's not un-politically correct, no one notices half the time.
BINGO You hit the nail on the head. What they don't understand that it goes both ways. The same right they have to effect my is the same one I have to effect their lives.  Hah, well by all means, engage in you freedom and circulate your petition against Christians. We'll see how well does. ;)
I thought their reasoning was quite bizzare. What was the bizzare part of this ruling?
Matthew, you've completely lost it.
What was the bizzare part of this ruling? If I had to guess, it would be the part that said "that the Domestic Relations Law's limitation of marriage to opposite-sex couples is not unconstitutional." In other words, I'm guessing that it is the entire holding that is "bizarre." I mean it's quite obvious that every constitution ever written (which would include the New York constitution) disallows laws which prohibit homosexuals from marrying. Or did I miss something? The last sentence is sarcasm, by the way.
Although I don't support homosexual marriage, I think this is the right way to approach the issue. Through the legislature.
Have you read it yet?  I've only read that article which didn't show anything that stuck out as bizarre. That is why I am asking if there was a bizarre part in the actually ruling (please post a link if you have one).
I've only read that article which didn't show anything that stuck out as bizarre. That is why I am asking if there was a bizarre part in the actually ruling (please post a link if you have one). Here's a link the New York Court opinion:  http://www.courts.state.ny.us/ctapps/decisions/jul06/86-89opn06.pdf  The New York Court evaluated the merits on a rational basis standard, finding that the legislature had at least two grounds that satisfy that standard. Doesn't seem too bizarre nor all that controversial to me.  And here's a link to the Georgia Court opinion:  http://www.gasupreme.us/pdf/s06a1574.pdf  Haven't read this one yet.  Enjoy.
Perhaps those who find it 'bizarre' and a 'mess' could, instead of just making random comments, specifically point out why and how they feel it is so. Like . . . make an argument?
The court itself admits that the Domestic relations law does not define marriage as union between opposite sexes, but because the law was created in 1909 when same-sex marriage was a non-issue, then the law does not apply to same-sex couples. This seems to me to be standard statutory construction. When the statute was enacted, what did marriage mean? That is what the court should have looked for, and that is what they did look for. They never suggested that the legal definition of marriage ought to remain the same in 2006 as it did in 1909. All they said was that there was nothing since the statute's enactment (i.e., no revision to the law) that would justify the court in holding that the legal definition of the word marriage has changed in the law since 1909. This, by the way, does not seem to be a controversial point in this case, as the court noted that no party (i.e., not one of the forty-four plaintiffs) had challenged that construction of the Domestic Relations Law.  What floors me even more is that they continue to mention that domestic relations law restricts all sorts of other types of relationships, including incest, but it does not exclude same-sex couples, YET they continue to say that the welfare of children is the primary concern of marriage. I'm not sure where they said the bolded part. I've read the whole thing, but did it rather quickly. If you could point to the part you're talking about, that would help me a bit.  Then, they twist themselves into knots by saying that because same-sex couples do not have children accidentally, they do not need to have their relationships promoted like opposite-sex couples, who have their children accidentally. No, they did not say that. What they said was "the Legislature could rationally decide that, for the welfare of children, it is more important to promote stability, and to avoid instability, in opposite-sex than in same-sex relationships." I.e., there is nothing in the New York constitution the prohibits the legislature from endorsing, with legal benefits, one lifestyle over another, so long as it is not doing so for solely discriminatory reasons.  And it just gets worse the more you read. The more I read, the more the Court defers to the legislature. That may seem worse to you, but that may only be due to an inherent fear of the rule of law. The law is what it is. If you don't like it, have it changed the right way. That is the rules by which heterosexuals have to play, and it ought to be the rules by which homosexuals have to play.
This seems to me to be standard statutory construction. When the statute was enacted, what did marriage mean? That is what the court should have looked for, and that is what they did look for.  This is one area of the descision that I did agree with. I think it was right that they based the ruling on what the 1909 descision meant at the time, rather than what we might think it means now. It means that the spirit of the law and it's intentions are sometimes as important as taking it as a literal word-for-word technical interpretation. They shouldn't have based their view on what the 1909 law interpretation might be today, and so they didn't. They based it on what it obviously was intended as at the time. I don't get why that's so hard for people to understand.  The weaker part of the argument was the whole children by marriage issue. Yet at the same time, it's about the only thing they had to go on. I think it was a case where it was the only precedent they had to turn to.
No, they didn't evaluate the merits. They did two things. First they came to the conclusion that the marriage law written in 1909 (1911?) expressed no animus towards gay people, evidenced by the fact that same-sex couples were not specifically precluded from marriage. Apparently, the NY court is utterly unaware of the fact that gay people were quite explicitly mentioned in the criminal code. ahem The New York court seemed to think that the 1909 law was clearly geared toward opposite sex couples and they thought that argument was not much of a point and it seems the 44 plantiffs agreed...not a real point here and this is far from bizarre. The only reason it it was mentioned was that it was brought up by some amicus briefs.   Second, they decided that having sincere beliefs is enough to qualify them as "rational". It speculated, not found but speculated, that a future legislature could "rationally" believe that encouraging marriage between irresponsible, fornicating heterosexuals was so important that banning marriage between same-sex individuals was an OK tactic. ahem  And those two absurd points are the MAIN points of the decision. THAT is bizarre.I don't know how much you know about the "rational basis" test but it doesn't require proving anything but rather a "could a reasonable person believe this" standard.   I don't read many New York court cases but this one seemed to be fairly standard and based on standards that the court has used before. Nothing bizarre...you just don't like the outcome.  note: I didn't read the georgia one...that might be bizarre.
No, they didn't evaluate the merits. They did two things. First they came to the conclusion that the marriage law written in 1909 (1911?) expressed no animus towards gay people, evidenced by the fact that same-sex couples were not specifically precluded from marriage. Apparently, the NY court is utterly unaware of the fact that gay people were quite explicitly mentioned in the criminal code. ahem They absolutely reached the merits. The challenge was that New York's Domestic Relations law - which limited marriage to opposite sex couples - violated the New York State constitution. The Court took the issue squarely, holding that it did not.  Also, your apparent objection to the court's construing the Domestic Relations law to exlude same sex couples is simply not correct. This is evidenced by the fact that none of the 44 plaintiffs challenged this construction. Zero. And we can be sure that these plaintiffs were made up of people who really, really, really, really want gay marriage to be the law of the land. Either these plaintiffs' attornies are incompetent, or the argument that the domestic relations law included same sex couples is a really, really, really, really bad argument.  Second, they decided that having sincere beliefs is enough to qualify them as "rational". It speculated, not found but speculated, that a future legislature could "rationally" believe that encouraging marriage between irresponsible, fornicating heterosexuals was so important that banning marriage between same-sex individuals was an OK tactic. ahem Right, a future legislature could determine that, since sexual relationships between opposite sex couples often lead to the birth of children, that it is best to encourage those relationships to last. Hence, it confers the benefits of marriage. If that is the reason why it would confer benefits (i.e., to encourage those engaging in a sexual relationship that could result in child birth to remain committed to one another), it need not confer those benefits to same sex couples sharing a sexual relationship because such a relationship will never result in the birth of children. In other words, the legislature can make a value choice. They can choose to endorse opposite sex relationships over same sex relationships for the simple reason that opposite sex relationships lead to child birth much more frequently than same sex relationships do.  And those two absurd points are the MAIN points of the decision. THAT is bizarre. Actually, I do not think the two points mentioned above are the main points of the decision. Your first point was not even part of the constitutional challenge. I think a much more important point is the decision to evaluate the merits on a rational basis standard rather than an intermediate scrutiny or strict strutiny standard. The standard of review, as I'm sure you know, often compels the decision.  Marriage isn't a limited commodity. There's as much to go around as anyone wants. It is NOT rational to protect the children of heterosexual couples by HARMING the children of homosexual couples. Discrimination does not have to be the SOLE reason to make the current situation unconstitutional. The court astoundingly concluded that there just isn't ANY animus in 100 years of NY law because the animus does not rear its ugly head in the marriage code. It would be rational for a legislature to find, as many states have, that the general rule is that children do best in a two parent home where the parents are of the opposite sex. For this reason, it could endorse that lifestyle. You may not like it, but it satisfies a rational basis review.
You -- because you LIKE the decision -- are glossing over its obvious absurdity. I honestly do not care about what happens in New York on this issue. I am only happy that the decision remains where it should...with the individual states. I am, however, interested in how the New York court handled the case as I anticipate that there will be many more state courts addressing the issue.  By the way, how would you feel if the Federal Courts decided to take up this issue?  The reason rational review is applied is because of the absurd reading of NY legal history towards gay people as being without animus. It is illogical and strikingly dishonest. AND IT'S OBVIOUS THAT IT IS. I was under the impression that rational review was applied because the statute did not "...restric[t] the exercise of a fundamental right, one that is 'deeply rooted in this Nation's history and tradition,'" nor did it involve limitations based on a suspect class as determined by the Equal Protection decisions. This seems to have nothing to do with NY legal history. In other words, whatever the legal history of NY toward gay people, did it ever involve the adoption of a constitutional amendment that invalidated a traditional definition of marriage?  As for your claim that many states have come to similar conclusions as this court, that is not true at all in the finding about reigning in the rutting heteros. What I meant was that many states have come to the conclusion that marriage should be restricted to opposite sex relationships. There are a number of reasons for this, and the court discussed two that satisfy rational basis in New York. It is true that the more prevalent view has to do with states wanting to endorse/encourage lasting opposite sex relationships because they feel it is a better environment for child raising. It only takes one rational reason, by the way, to satisfy rational basis review. It is, in the end, a policy preference that, since it does not involve a right deeply rooted in our nation's history, or discrimination based on race or sex, the legislature is allowed to make.  You point out that the plaintiffs didn't address some of the court's issues. Well, duh. They're ABSURD. No one would have imagined such blatent disregard for the honor of the court coming from the court.  Read the dissent. I have read the dissent. What I said was that none of the plaintiffs challenged the natural construction of the Domestic Relations law (i.e., Section I of the opinion). It was not an issue. None of the 44 plaintiffs argued that the Domestic Relations law should be construed to include same sex relationships.  Now, if the fact that none of the 44 plaintiffs argued that the Domestic Relations law should be construed to include/require granting marriage to same sex relationships, then maybe the fact that even the dissent agreed with the majority on this point. From the dissent:   "The Court has, properly, construed the statutory scheme as prohibiting same-sex marriage."  That's a whopping 6-0 decision on that point.  I say again, if you are trying to argue that the court misconstrued the statute, that would be a really, really, really, really bad argument.
Read it again and pay attention to the tenses. They didn't do what you think they did. If they had, I would have agreed to them TO THAT POINT. What they deduced from the lack of mention of same-sex couples in the marriage code is that the legislators at the time weren't prejudiced against gay people. That's just a load, a HUGE load, of b___s___. The court is pretending that the 1909 legislature was neutral or unconcerned with same-sex relationships. ABSURD.  Don't you think that in 1909 it was probably viewed mostly from a moral standpoint? I don't think they saw it the same way they would see black people. They didn't even realize that 'homosexuality' was any sort of innate thing. It was entirely behavioral to them. I tend to agree with the court, even given what you've said. I doubt for 1909 it was about prejudice and bigotry--they genuinely felt it was wrong. The concept of gay marriage was completely foreign and unknown in 1909. It wasn't even something they conceived of. I think the court is saying that they couldn't have been prejudiced against something they didn't even know of or conceive of.
That's a whopping 6-0 decision on that point.  I say again, if you are trying to argue that the court misconstrued the statute, that would be a really, really, really, really bad argument.  Good point. It's a stretch that ALL of the justices, knowing they'd WANT gay marriage put in place, would misconstrue the statute.
I think I'm a rational enough person to understand that the state has an interest in you reckless heterosexuals getting hitched (not my reasoning, the court's, so tell them not to insult you, don't tell me). I can understand that instituting and encouraging marriage with incentives might help reign in your inherent immorality.  Do you find that rational, as well?  Good. Now, what I DO NOT find rational or reasonable or logical or anything but bigoted is that excluding same-sex couples from marrying is in ANY way connected to the above.  What is it that I am missing?  Could a rational person believe that gay marriage can be restricted for a reason other than hatred....the answer is yes. The court gave some examples of how a rational person might feel but I doubt those are all the things.  Granted you disagree that a rational person can disagree with your view without hating homosexuals but these judges don't feel that the majority of people hate gays.
Hogwash. It was once entirely moral to believe certain races were inferior, and that women had fewer rights than men.  This is not really true. It's a popular misconstruing of morality and history by proponents of modern 'rights' movements, but it's not true. There's little historical backing to the idea that people believed oppressing black people was a right thing to do, as in, doing good. There were times they used an argument where religion was wrongly used to justify their behavior, but that's a different matter. If you firmly believe otherwise, I'd challenge you to show where people thought oppressing blacks was an example if doing good. The same goes for misogyny. Furthermore, it's beside the point anyway. We're talking about homosexuality.  In 1909, the only thing they really understood about the issue at hand was that some people engaged in sexual relations with people of their own gender. There were no articles about "homosexuality" as a trait, and certainly none about genetic causes. It was understood entirely from a behavioral standpoint, and therefore a moral standpoint. So it's not hogwash at all--they really did view gay sex as immoral. If you don't think so, then you have a very poor grasp on history in this case.
Granted you disagree that a rational person can disagree with your view without hating homosexuals but these judges don't feel that the majority of people hate gays.  What??? You mean they don't think that most people are out to exterminate gays? That most people actually do have reasons for their beliefs, and that the world doesn't always line up with the all-or-nothing "equality-obsessed" modern gay pride movement?   Who'da thunk it? emoticon_xgood   The idea that most people hate gays is, of course, a propagandist view by the gay pride movement. I would hope judges wouldn't fall into that way of thinking, and the fact these judges did not shows they are good judges.
So then conversly I have the right to advocate that heterosexuality is morally wrong and I am free to work to discourage people from being heterosexual. I am free then to form ex heterosexual groups and teach heterosexuality is wrong and people are going to hell for being heterosexual.  A better reverse analogy would have been to say "So then conversly I have the right to advocate that heterosexual relations are morally wrong". Not heterosexuality, since it's not homosexuality (as it's a state of being) that religious people have a problem with. Heck, they often don't even recognize it.  With that caveat, yes you are certainly free to advocate whatever you want to be morally wrong. (And unlike the way some in your movement do, I won't call you a "bigot" for doing so! emoticon_xangel )  This kind of morality is based on nothing but ignorance(which you admit) and prejudice. What kind of a basis is that for a so-called moral code?  It may have been based on "ignorance", but I reject the notion it was based on prejudice (and therefore I tend to agree with the 6-0 view of the justices here). The 1909 society had too little understanding of gay people to be prejudiced over in the first place. Remember, homosexuality was not understood as a state of being at that time. The term itself had not been around long and was not known to most people. And even to those it was known to, it was not known as a state of being. And there certainly was no social identity among gay people as a group--how could prejudice have existed if there was nothing (from their perspective) to be prejudiced toward?
Nonsense. People would widely and hatefully use the term "sodomite" to refer to gays. Before that the term was "molly". Clearly there was an identity they were prejudiced towards. They were rounding up gays  Because they didn't approve of sodomy! Do you not agree they didn't understand the concept of homosexuality??? There was no social identity. When they were put on trial, it wasn't because they were gay (which they had no concept of), it was because they had gay relations which society viewed as wrong!   Gays were purposely kept out of everything in society  No, here's where you don't get it--it's not that "gays" (there was no concept of that) were purposely kept out of of everything, it's that people who had sodomy relationships were kept out of everything, because sodomy was viewed as wrong. They really did think it was wrong! You are so determined to portray everything that has anything to do with gay relations possibly being wrong as prejudice and bigotry that you are close-minded about it.
I haven't seen any rational reasons. What do you feel are the rational reasons?   Again, it is based on could a rational person believe X, not is "X" a rational thought.   What is the rational reason for exclusion of gays? Gays are not excluded because their relationships are equally valued. see court case for what they ruled.  It isn't a hard standard to prove...you just have to show that a rational person could believe something for some reason other than hatred.  Some of you might have blinders and not see this but it does exist.
It was not viewed as wrong or not as wrong, when heterosexuals did the same kinds of activities.  Obviously you still don't get this, because you are still using terms like "heterosexual" and "gay" in the 1909 context. There was no "heterosexual" in 1909. There was no "gay."  There was the way people did relationships (today we call that heterosexuality) and then there were some who engaged in sodomy which was something taboo and 'out-there'. It was something unspeakable. Because it was considered morally wrong. Prejudice had nothing to do with it--it was a moral view. But obviously you aren't going to consider the reality of history here, so I'm not going to waste any more time with you.  Everyone demonstrates how they are internally, with their behaviour. Gays or however gays were known in the past, are no different in this regard.  And suddenly you fall back on stereotypes of behavior for an arguement. Good grief.   Gay behaviour is connected to someone being gay.   But they didn't know that. Homosexuality as a state of being wasn't commonly understood in society.   I don't know how much more clearer I can make it. That's all. Feel free to ignore history and get the last word.
Isn't this an irrelevant topic since there wasn't a question about this in the case? In other words, it was a non-argued issue that was only brought up in amicus briefs.
You keep saying things like this, and they keep not making sense. If, as you assert, morals aren't based on any sort of general concept of right and wrong and are instead something that people can simply come up with, than how can you possibly say that they can't based on prejudice? If I can take anything and call it a moral stance, than why can't I take my prejudices and call them morals?  Maybe you can take your prejudices and call them morals, but you haven't proven that was what was happening in 1909.  I find, almost every time, that proponents of gay marriage always view prejudice through a guilty-until-proven-innocent lens. And your post is a perfect example. That goes against the way we view things like that in law, and goes against good argumentation as a premise without proof. The onus is on the accuser to show that the 1909 law and people were prejudice against gays. That's WHY the court couldn't view the 1909 law as prejudice.  Furthermore, I could just as easily argue that there is a difference, between the concept of prejudice/bigotry and the concept of moral/religious view (particularly with this issue, because the religious view against it is so historically well defined). Saying that prejudice and morality can be intermixed simply because morality happens to be subjective doesn't follow, because there is a clear difference between the concept of prejudice and concept of morality. Prejudice is an oppressive force, and morality is generally altrusitic (to varying degrees, depending on one's morality). That's my view anyway.  Your revisionist history is completly wrong here. I have no idea where you got these notions.  Here's a few major authors who wrote about gays in the late 18th century: http://www.columbia.edu/cu/lweb/eresources/exhibitions/sw25/case3.html  According to Wikipedia the term homosexual was coined in 1869 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terminology_of_homosexuality  Here's an article about how German police kept lists of gays since 1900 http://www.ushmm.org/education/resource/hms/homosbklt.pdf  Here's an article about "sex reform" around the turn of the century. http://www.newint.org/issue201/politics.htm  This is 5 minutes of research, there's tons more out there. Everyone knew about gays, it was common knowledge. People wrote books about them, politicians argued about them. It's very similar to today, only the terminology is different. So this idea of yours that there was no "gay" or "heterosexual" back than is factually wrong.  That doesn't prove anything other than society knew there was a contingent of people who preferred same-sex relationships. Doesn't do anything to prove they understood the concept of sexual orientation and being gay. So thanks for reinforcing my view that society's beef was over a behavioral issue (morality).
Not what I'm trying to prove, and you know it. All I'm showing is that your claim that it can't be prejudice because they claimed it was morals is utterly bogus.  Well, you've "twisted" my words and distorted the meaning yoursef, then. You do the very thing you're accusing me of.  The very idea that it was prejudice in 1909 needs to be proven. That's pretty straightforward. You are going on that premise by taking issue here, are you not?  I never really thought that mere facts would change your mind. But now everyone else knows that your stance is based on lies, and that's good enough for me.  There's no need to get rude and hateful, here. But anyone can post a set of links when they don't really address the issue at hand. Again, all they prove is that people knew there were some who engaged in same-sex relations. Do you not realize how absurd it is for you to go on the idea that people understood sexual orientation in 1909? That there was a social gay-identity at the time?
Research early on shows that homosexuality was innate  Do you really think that was the way society and state legislatures viewed it in 1909?
I'm sure they viewed it not much different than they do now. In a time that gays were persecuted through the law, listening to medical experts didn't fit their agenda, much like now. So they ignore what experts tell them. Wether it's ignorance or religion that is used at an attempt to jusitfy the prejudice doesn't matter, It's still prejudice.  Well, I suspect (can't prove it I guess) that the scientific and medical expert voices were, far, far, fewer then than now on this subject. (It think that's a reasonable thing to assume given what little they knew at the time and how much more we know now.) It would stand to reason that far fewer would have even heard such voices than is heard nowadays (with groups like the AMA and the APA having gotten on the gay-is-inate bandwagon).  Believe it or not, a LOT has changed since 1909. It really was a different world back then in terms of culture and the way people viewed issues like this. We're talking about the heels of the Victorian era here. I know for a fact (from my one historical studies) that viewing gay relations as morally acceptable and normal wasn't even on the radar screen for the culture of the time. They were influenced largely by cultural norms and moral views. The issue of sobriety and temperence was getting to be the biggest cultural issue of the time, and the issue of women's rights was there as well. (Those two actually went hand-in-hand to some degree.)   We have a tendency to look back and assume prejudice motivated everything in issues like this, women's rights, and slavery. Obivously it did in cases like slavery, but it would be absurd to assume that everyone who owned slaves did it because they were prejudiced toward black people. It was simply the social norm at the time--the culture. Thomas Jefferson, for example, owned slaves. Was he a bigot?? Now of course that analogy only goes so far with gays, but I think it shows that prejudice isn't necessarily what defines peoples' bad actions against others. And the issue of same-sex relations was even MORE so that way since the religious underpinnings of opposition was so much more prevalent than with slavery or women. Same-sex relations would have been more on par with something like the temperance issue of the time, fueled by moral and religious concern. (sometimes hysteria and over-reaching atempts to stop it, such as with prohibition).
So gays were more marginalized then they are today, for no logical, rational or informed reason. It would seem to indicate there was more prejudice.   They had no identity (or as you put it, were "marginalized") because they had not formed one. People didn't even understand sexual orientation, and niether did gays. The concept was not even there.  To the slaves who were not given equality and freedom because they were black, and to anyone who cared to think(even if many in society chose not to think), it was bigotry.   You completely disregard the reality that slavery was not just a prejudicial reality, but a cultural reality as well. I assume then you think Thomas Jefferson was a bigot?  Prejudice doesn't define society's bad actions against an identified group? Okay, what does?   Prejudice sometimes does, but sometimes it's other things, like religion/morality. Do you think, for example, that it's prejudice that defined society's view against people who wanted to drink alcohol in the prohibition days? If you do, you're sadly mistaken. In 1909, the religious and moral climate of the time played an enormous role in the way that people viewed the actions of those who wanted to engage in same-sex relations.  The slavery analogy only goes so far with gays because religion is more involved, in your view? Religion was involved with slavery at one time or another, either supporting it, or against it.   Not nearly as much as with homosexuality. In the case of homosexuality, it's the predominant reason (even today); with slavery, religion was sometimes used as an excuse.
Isn't this an irrelevant topic since there wasn't a question about this in the case? In other words, it was a non-argued issue that was only brought up in amicus briefs.  You're right, of course. I'm not sure why some here are making such a big deal out of this.
Irrelevant. They are going by what was implied instead of what was actually stated. There is no restrictions to same-sex couples getting married under the Domestic Relations Law, and they admit to that. So instead they go to what they think the original framers intended. Irrelevant? His point seemed most relevant. There was no argument about this since all parties agreed.  In other words, since same-sex couples do not "naturally" have children, they do not need the protections of marriage as opposed to opposite sex couples. I guess because many (not all) same-sex couples plan when they have children, they do not need the encouragement of marriage that opposite sex couples do.  I guess they decided to ignore the biological children of gay people (since all gay people apparently adopt). They obviously do not need the protection marriage. Now this is an irrelevant point. The court wasn't whether or not they had a good enough reason to convince you but rather was there enough to where a reasonable person could want to restrict gay marriage for reasons other than hatred...not a hard standard and it passed.  If that is what they wanted to do, then that is what they should have done. But they decided to pull all sort of excuses out of their nether-regions to justify their decision BEFORE deferring to the legislature. It was obvious to them that the law itself wasn't so clear, so they had to go back to intent, and now we ended up with this contortionists view of a decision. Actually the ruling was mainly based on their due process clause and not the 1909 law which you keep karping on. It was a moot point of the case.
It is quite irrelevant. If the argument is that the Domestic Relations Law does not restrict recognition of same-sex couples, then the argument that it does restrict recognition is a false one. But it wasn't an argument...thats the point. There was no argument on the issue in this court case other than the amicus briefs bringing it up. If there were an argument, marriage would surely mean man and woman based on the new york definition in 1909 as they stated in the case.  It is not a reasonable conclusion. If they are saying that gay headed households should not be afforded equal protection because they plan their families better, it is actually pure bigotry. Once again you miss the point of what the court did. They didn't decide if the reasoning was "good enough" to convince you...the decided if a reasonable person could have a reason to ban gay marriage for a reason other than hatred.  Then why mention the 1909 law?  You just keep validating my point. Why did the court mention it? Because it was in a few amicus briefs...not because it was a big deal in the opinion...they didn't dedicate too much to it.
Irrelevant. They are going by what was implied instead of what was actually stated. There is no restrictions to same-sex couples getting married under the Domestic Relations Law, and they admit to that. So instead they go to what they think the original framers intended.   So you'd rather they have interpreted the law based not on it's spirit, intentions, and purpose, but rather entirely on exactly the semantic wording??? Again, it's fascinating how so many "living constitution" people who on one condemn constitutional literalism so quickly embrace literalism in law when it suits their purposes.
First, I wish to thank you for getting this thread back on topic.  Irrelevant. They are going by what was implied instead of what was actually stated. Oh, I see. You wanted them to follow what was "actually stated" in the Domestic Relations Law (DRL). Ok, let's give that a try.  There is no restrictions to same-sex couples getting married under the Domestic Relations Law, and they admit to that. So instead they go to what they think the original framers intended.  But, there is also no explicit mention in the DRL that same-sex couples are authorized to marry. If the court were to hold that it did, they would not be following what was actually stated.  Secondly, if they were to follow what was "actually stated," I think that they would be forced to the conclusion that the meaning of the word "marriage" in the DRL was unintelligible. So far as I could tell, the word "marriage" is not defined at all in the DRL (I actually read through the DRL in my spare time). Thus, rather than holding that same-sex couples were authorized to marry under the DRL, the court would have to say that no one is authorized to marry under the DRL.  Finally, I would simply point out what I said in this post: that the court was unanimous (6-0) on this point: that the DRL restricts marriage to opposite sex couples.  Now, you have said that the opinion in this case was "quite bizarre." Well I think that adopting an interpretation that says the legislature had nothing in mind when it used the word "marriage" in the DRL is quite bizarre.  I apparently cannot higlight sections of the pdf and copy/paste them here. But they do mention that, all else being equal, intuition suggests that a mother and father household would be the best environment for raising children. There's a little button on the toolbar (where the save, print, search, etc. buttons are) that says "select." That should allow you to do it. I must confess that it is rather hard for me to address this point because I don't know what it is that your are talking about.  In other words, since same-sex couples do not "naturally" have children, they do not need the protections of marriage as opposed to opposite sex couples. I guess because many (not all) same-sex couples plan when they have children, they do not need the encouragement of marriage that opposite sex couples do.  I guess they decided to ignore the biological children of gay people (since all gay people apparently adopt). They obviously do not need the protection marriage. There is nothing in the NY constitution that prohibits the legislature from making a value choice; from deciding to promote one lifestyle over another, especially when the legislature believes that lifestyle x is a better situation for children than lifestyle y. You may not like that. It may be a bad idea. But it is not for the court to insert its own beliefs about what are good ideas to do. That is a legislator's role.  If that is what they wanted to do, then that is what they should have done. But they decided to pull all sort of excuses out of their nether-regions to justify their decision BEFORE deferring to the legislature. It was obvious to them that the law itself wasn't so clear, so they had to go back to intent, and now we ended up with this contortionists view of a decision. They most certainly deferred to the legislature. Their entire decision was about why it was the legislature's responsibility to deal with the issue. They did not enter a judgment about the propriety, soundness, or morality of the current policy. They simply said that the current policy did not violate the NY constitution. That is what judges do. Legislators set and change policy.
It is quite irrelevant. If the argument is that the Domestic Relations Law does not restrict recognition of same-sex couples, then the argument that it does restrict recognition is a false one. Likewise, then, if the argument is that the DRL authorizes same-sex marriage, then that argument would be a false one.
That's because opposition to gay relations is prejudice and bigotry. What else would you call it? Please give some examples of how gay people and/or their relationships are possibly wrong. Examples having any connection with biblical disaproval do not count. haha, they don't count? "Tell me why gravity has to work but using science to explain doesn't count".  I tell you what, you answer my question and I will answer yours....Why do gays deserve the same relationship status as hetero married couples? And any reason other than a true Biblical one that I approve doesn't count.
Examples having any connection with biblical disaproval do not count.  It's precisely the religious/moral examples that matter most here, because they show that there is opposition to gay relations that aren't about prejudice but rather other matters.
No, it could merely mean that their prejudice is based on their religion and/or morals. Someone can't simply claim that their motives are moral and suddenly be above all reproach, that makes no sense. Someone can be prejudiced and religious at the same time, so you are wrong when you say that anything has been shown. You've presented a scenario, but proven nothing.  But that scenario shows there are other possibilities than strictly prejudice. That's the point.
We all know the possibility exists.   I don't think you "all" do know that the possibility exists at all, else some of you wouldn't be making blanket statements like "That's because opposition to gay relations is prejudice and bigotry. What else would you call it".  I simply haven't seen anyone present any even half way convincing argument that any of those possibilities are, in fact, a reality.   It doesn't matter whether you are convinced or not. The reality of the situation is not dependent on you. I could tell you that there are church people who also believe that drinking alcohol is a sin (and therefore their opposition is NOT based in prejudice), and show you NO more evidence of that than the issue of religious people believing gay relations are a sin (and therefore opposition NOT based in prejudice, and chances are you'd believe the former. The fact that you'd believe the former and not the latter on the same weight of evidence shows prejudice on YOUR part.
We all know the possibility exists. I simply haven't seen anyone present any even half way convincing argument that any of those possibilities are, in fact, a reality. All you're saying is "They say it's morals" which is no argument at all. Calling a tail a leg, etc.  Furthermore, why do you start with the premise that it's prejudice, rather than needing proof of that (instead expecting proof of a negative--that it's not)?
I didn't start with that premise, it's simply the most likely answer. I know of no moral system that condones hurting others when said harm isn't preventing some other harm, so morals are out. Religion is a good reason for choosing your own actions but it's no reason for telling others how to live, so that's out. Prejudice against gays has been around for ages, so that's quite likely. And no other explanations come to mind. Straight forward. I'm sure I've explained this to you before, and have invited you to come up with alternate explanations. I do so again. I'm particularly interested to see your response now that you seem to have gotten over the idea that simply calling something moral or religious does not mean that it can't be prejudice at the same time.  Let me be the first to inform you that some religions think certain things are a sin and therefore should not be a part of society.
Let me be the first to inform you that some religions think certain things are a sin and therefore should not be a part of society.  For someone determined that it's prejudice, that's not going to matter.
I didn't start with that premise, it's simply the most likely answer. I know of no moral system that condones hurting others when said harm isn't preventing some other harm, so morals are out.  And neither does Christianity. It TOO is a moral system. That's why when people claim religion in their acts of prejudice, they are actually abandoning that moral system, rather than engaging in it. So yes, morals are out--I'm glad you're seeing that now.
You messed up the quoting thing but you still couldn't answer my question with the restrictions I arbitrary placed.   The point is, my beliefs are just as valid as yours (even if yours are wrong) and saying I have to give you a reason based on your specifications is just idiotic.  They are wrong because of my belief system...they are ok because of your belief system.  Any other terrible questions?
Um, no. Or at least not relevant. Some people think certain things are a sin and therefore should not be a part of society, sure. However, in this country we've decided that simply saying "My religion says so-and-so, therefore you can't do something" doesn't fly. You can run your own life by your own religious precepts to your heart's content. But if you're trying to tell society what to do, and all you have to back up your opinion is religion, then you've got nothing. That's the way things work here.  Well, it is relevant to what you were talking about. The discussion turned to talk about whether or not you could have a non-prejudice reason for being against gay marriage...etc. The answer was yes and even yes to the question about whether or not there are religions that want society to have certain values. Your incorrect view of our first amendment doesn't apply to this conversation.
So you finally see that people can claim a moral or religious stance while not actually having one? Excellent! Glad to hear it.  Now, care to address the matter at hand? Can you show me, preferably in reality as opposed to a hypothetical, how one could justify pushing an anti-gay agenda based on actual morals or religion? Because I've never seen it myself.  You are going in a circle. You only justify pushing a pro-gay agenda based on morals and maybe some religions. I don't see how else you could justify something like this.
So you finally see that people can claim a moral or religious stance while not actually having one? Excellent! Glad to hear it.  Nice attempt at trying to refute a point that hasn't even been made here.  Now, care to address the matter at hand? Can you show me, preferably in reality as opposed to a hypothetical, how one could justify pushing an anti-gay agenda based on actual morals or religion? Because I've never seen it myself.  The matter at hand is that prejudice may in fact not be what's behind people's opposition to gays being in romantic relationships. In some cases (well, I'd say MANY cases) it's religious belief, which may be separate from prejudice. The people I've been around who fel that way were doing it because of their religious beliefs. In fact, it's MY reason as well.
Not circular at all. First off, I've never used religion to support my position, you must be thinking of someone else. I have used morals, because my stance is based on actual, well recognized, moral principles. When a bigot claims he's taking a moral stance he's lying, and this can be shown by the fact that he can't back up his claim. I've never seen a real moral code that condones pushing a hurtful agenda. My stance is based on the most fundamental of moral principles: don't hurt people, help them. Depriving gays of their rights and relegating them to second-class citizens, or worse, harms them without doing any good and is therefore immoral. It's that simple.  So your moral code says that you don't hurt people and you believe having an anti-gay agenda is hurting people. Keeping aside the obvious point that you assume no one is hurt by a pro-gay agenda, the real issue is your moral code. Yours may say that being gay is ok. Other moral codes say it is not ok just like murder or theft. Are you suggesting that because someone has a moral code different than yours that they are bigots? If so (and thats a big if) than wouldn't that be being a bigot in and of itself? Furthermore, what claim do you need to back up when taking a moral stance? I don't see you backing up your moral stance with anything other than your beliefs (which is fine).   Your stance pretty much says "my moral code is the right one and yours is wrong so therefore you are a bigot if you believe gay marriage (etc) is bad". A very absolute standard approach I must say. Sadly, your truth might not be true at all :)
Actually it was my point. You've refused to acknowledge this so many times in the past that I couldn't even count. I'm glad you're past it now.  I have NEVER said that people can't claim to have a moral belief and not really have one. People can conceivably lie about anything--we can't base our discussion on the worry that people might be lying about their stance; that could be the case in ANY situation about ANY issue.  Fine, than if it's your reasoning than spell it out for me. Don't worry about anyone else's reasoning, just give me yours. Take me, step by step, from "this is my religious belief" to "therefore other people shouldn't be gay (or act gay or whatever)". Leave nothing out, spell out your assumptions, give me the whole ball of wax. Because in all my years I've never once seen anyone come close to doing so without resorting to prejudice. For bonus points extend it all the way to "and so public policy disadvantageous to gays should be enacted".  No, it's a religious belief. There's no more "reasoning" to it than believing in faith that Christ is a ressurected being. I believe it because it's Biblical--it's what the Bible says. That's WHY I believe people shouldn't do it. It's not so complicated, really. No one is saying YOU have to believe that way. But it is the way I believe, and that's my business. If I imposed my beliefs, that would be one thing, but I don't. I don't impose anything on you or anyone else, nor do I want to. Get it?
And yet I can't see how you made that jump. You believe, fine. But why shouldn't other people do it? What do your beliefs have to do with other people's actions?  Other people are free to do what they want. But for many religious people, certain actions are wrong ("sinful"). It's not about who does them, it's about the action. You might as well be asking why I should think it's wrong for OTHER people to tell lies, instead of just knowing it's wrong for me to do so.  Are you saying that the people in "Focus on the Family", or whatever they're called, are in fact doing wrong then? Since they are clearly trying to impose their views on others, which you and I seem to agree is wrong.  As I've made clear here before, I think keeping couples' benefits away from gay couples is not a good thing. I don't think people should be hurt, and if that's what happens to anyone not getting couple's benefits, then it's wrong. However, the argument that it hurts gay people to not give them marriage benefits it tenuous because it could be made for ANYONE not getting marriage benefits. It probably hurts people to not get marriage benefits who want to marry in groups (polygamy). It probably "hurts" people who want to marry underage. Or single people who want to co-habitate. So if you're going to take the stance that gays are being imposed on, then to be consistent you need to fight for ANYONE being imposed on by not getting marriage benefits. Imposition is imposition. That's why this ultimately always goes back to what marriage is--if it's going to not be an opposite-sex institution, then it's going to need to be an anything-goes institution unless you want someone, somewhere being imposed on. And so your claims that you don't want people imposed on ring pretty hypocritically hollow because you're going to get imposition no matter what, unless marriage benefits are given to any arrangement that comes along.
Nope. I know of no moral code that lumps being gay and murder together. You want to show me what you're talking about, or is this something you just made up and labelled a moral code without justification?  Anyones moral code could lump them together. For Christians all sin would be the same and thus lumps them together (as an example).   But I can back it up, that's the point. I started with the generally excepted moral principle and reached a conclusion from it. It seems pretty obvious to me how I got from A to B, but if you don't get it I can fill you in on the steps. I'm emphatically not just saying "I think this so you should follow it". I'm starting from a basic principle and applying reason to it to reach a justifiable conclusion. I've never seen anyone attempt to do the same to support an anti-gay policy. You take a generally accepted moral principle? You assume others accept that! People don't have to accept your moral code as the one and only. If you moral code only says "don't hurt others" and you believe not allowing gays to marry is hurting them than that conclusion would follow very easy. However, you make two judgements on your part. One, that "don't hurt others" is high enough on the moral chain for all people to override a belief against gay rights. Two, you make the assumption that people believe that not allowing gays to marry is actually hurting them. So you back it up based on your own beliefs..that is fine...you aren't a hypocrite atleast, however, you can't apply this to everyone else.   What you call "my" code is the basis for every moral system that's stood the test of time. I didn't just make it up, it's the one that we actually use. It's the one that society has adopted because it works. Do you disagree with it? Do you think hurting people is fine and that helping people should be frowned upon? Somehow I don't think so. See above for an explanation. A moral code is probaby not going to be as simple as "don't hurt others". If your moral code goes 1) Obey God (christian) 2) don't hurt others than (assuming not allowing gay marriage hurts gays) obeying God will override don't hurt others.   So what you are doing is taking your belief on morals and saying we have to live by that...but who says thats bad ;)
Using the same logic, doesn't giving couples benefits, without marriage, to gay and straight couples, probably hurt polygamists too, and hurt single people who just want to co-habitate, but don't want to register for as a couple? Wouldn't it hurt those who want to get couples benefits for their underage partner?  By the gay marriage movement's logic, yes. That's the point, I think. The argument gays are being 'imposed' on it tenuous.  Why do you even considering if someone else is following them or not? Why are you using your own personal views to judge other people? I really trully don't see how you justify that.  Why do you think that judging the actions of other people is so bad to begin with?? You seem to think that's some horrible thing. But that's a normal part of society. Anytime you form an opinion about someone's actions, you are doing that. It's simply having an opinion on something someone does. Again, we're not talking about a value-judgement here on the person. It's not an issue of worth.  Jyoshu, we're having a high level general discussion at this point, not debating finer aspects of one specific issue. Were not discussing the details of why you don't want gays to get married, we're talking about the motivations for people pushing an anti-gay agenda.  Or what you think of as that, yes. It's funny--I don't think I've ever been able to get anyone here to simply tell me exactly and specifically what the heck anti-gay means, and where the dividing line between not being anti-gay and BEING anti-gay lies. People like to to use the term, but who knows exactly what it means.  Are you saying that the people in "Focus on the Family", or whatever they're called, are in fact doing wrong then? Since they are clearly trying to impose their views on others, which you and I seem to agree is wrong.  If they are truly imposing, then yes, it's wrong. But there's an enormous difference between publically giving an opinion on someone's actions, and 'imposing' on them.
Sure there is. And since FoF is not simply stating an opinion and are in fact pushing policy I would say that they are clearly trying to impose their values on others. Would you agree?  You keep asking over and over, but I've answered you already. If the policy they are pushing indeed imposes, and they are in fact pushing it, then I agree that action on their part is wrong. Whether it is the case it truly imposes, I don't know. That's as far as I will agree with you on this; take it or leave it.
It's more than I expected, and obviously the best I'm going to get for now, so I guess it'll have to do.  Whew! Man, for a second there I thought I was actually going to screw up royally and disappoint you! That was a close one.. I'll sleep better now . . .emoticon_rolleyes
Now that response was disappointing. emoticon_cry  Aw, you'll be ok. I'm sure of it.
Christianity is, in fact, a religion. Not a morality. Kind of a big difference there. Yet is sets up a moral code.   Why do you keep calling it "my" code? Are you honestly trying to tell me that it isn't the foundation of every moral system out there?  That would be what I am saying.   It's the morality that Jesus taught.   No it isn't. His moral code was a little more than that and mainly about following Him.   The hypocratic oath says "do no harm". Buddah, Ghandi, Mother Terresa, all the moral greats pushed that message. Why are you trying to pretend that it isn't code that we all follow? In particular, why do you insist that I invented it? It's been around alot longer than I have.  I never said "do no harm" was not a part of a moral code. I just said some things could override that. A doctor might have to "harm" in order to save a life.   Not an assumption, but a provable fact. At least, if that sentence means what I think you meant it to mean. However, there's not much point proving it, again, till we settle the higher issue. Provable how? By someone saying "this hurts me"? If thats the case then I could turn around and say allowing gay marriage hurts me and it is just as valid.
learn to use the quote button. Once you do that I will respond to your confusing post.
The other moral codes belong to those who believe in them. In which case being gay would not be okay for them. It is none of their business in reference to other people. Why not? You want to make your moral code law.  If having a moral code that applies to only those who buy into it, it's all good. When your moral code restricts the lives of people who do not believe in said moral code, it becomes a code of immorality. We do this all the time though....I see no problem with that. With no restrictions you present an anarchy.  I believe in equality.  No you don't. You believe in equality to the point in which you think its ok. I could present many scenarios where you think things should be "unequal" (although I could even debate that this isn't even an equality issue).  If that's what you gather from the "gay marriage" issue, that's your perrogative. I believe Kronus' stance is closer to, "My moral code is my own, as is yours. Neither is right or wrong, until one forces itself upon the other. Prohibiting gay marriage is forcing one moral code upon the moral code of others. Maybe you would see it clearer if one day you could not have a hamburger because Hindus are offened by it. If that were to happen would you consider them to be biggotted, even though the biggotry is part of their religion? You choose to force your view on me....it is a two edge sword :). As for the hamburger thing. It wouldn't be biggotry if they wanted to restrict hamburgers. You can throw around that word for everything you don't like and expect it to still have meaning.  Within this country we have millions of people who think they know the truth. We have Christians, Jews, Muslims, Hindus, Buddhists, etc. In a situation such as real life, truth varies from culture to culture. With no way to come to agreement on truth, we are left with respecting one another's differences and proceeding with our lives. Could you please tell me what is accomplished by not allowing gay people the same freedoms as you yourself have? This is exactly why we have a system to deal with this...voting...  As for what is accomplished. Perhaps it is different for many. Some may think it is better for society, some may see it as against their religion, some may say it is not natural. Shouldn't you respect their different opinion and not force upon them the ways you wish to have? This seems to be the stance you take for your side but when you look at it from the opposite direction you change your mind. Your response will include something like "but gay marriage won't hurt anyone"....so? Who are you to determine that and why does it have to "hurt" someone to be a bad thing?
So you have no idea of what morality is, or how it differs from religion, do you? Any point in my trying to explain it? Any chance that you would listen to a word i say, or should we just call it quits now? If you don't think Christianity teaches a moral code then the problem is not with me.   Wow. That wasn't even a straw man. More like a straw puppet. If you don't want to have a serious discussion just say so. Why can't you just answer the question? How is it provable?
 No you don't [believe in equality]. You believe in equality to the point in which you think its ok.  Excellent point.
Religion may INCLUDE morality, but that doesn't mean morality is DEFINED BY religion. And also, it doesn't mean that every part of the religion is an issue of "morality".  I doubt there's a person here that doesn't know that. That's not what Steeeeve is saying.
I doubt there's a person here that doesn't know that. That's not what Steeeeve is saying. yeah, he kind of missed the ball on what I am saying. Christianity isn't just about what is right and wrong (morality) but it does include a standard by which is determine if something is right or wrong. So in that sense, a religion kinda did define a morality to which you just subscribe to be considered a part of that religion. So when God says "don't murder" He didn't mean if it suits you best...He meant to set up a moral rule about murder.   When deciding what is good and evil you have to have a basis for making a claim and religion provides a basis for claim.
Or is it, in fact, the case that you use something external to your religion to decide which bits of the Bible are about morality and which aren't?  No need. The expectations of the "external" factor(s) you are talking about (such as society's harm and consent standards) are part of the religion already. And the religion itself entails which elements of it's morality that are prioritized and not used. Stoning children isn't used, even though it's mentioned in the OT. Loving one's neighbor IS, because that's the greater commandment Christ gave. It doesn't take anything "external" to come to that understanding. The religion already involves showing love and compassion to Hindus (per your example).
So Hindus are evil? God said to worship no one but him, and they do. Therefore they're immoral? Or is it, in fact, the case that you use something external to your religion to decide which bits of the Bible are about morality and which aren't? Hindus are wrong if you are a Christian...you can't both be right :)  I said by the rest of what I said. You could provide me with another basis for determing a moral code if you like. I can name a few. Religion and ones self.  The latter is not a good one to use.
I didn't ask if they were correct, I was obviously talking about right and wrong in the moral sense.  Look, if you don't want to take this seriously than fine, don't. Just don't expect me to waste any more time on you.  awwww, is Kronus getting upset? emoticon_hb Here is a cake to cheer you up.  Insults aside, I was saying they are wrong in the moral sense or whatever sense you can think of...assuming you are Christian or of another moral stance.
But not to murders? Show me exactly where it says that you should let people who break the first four commandments slide, but the others you should take seriously.   No, Christ would have one forgive a murderer as well. You're not looking at this as FAR as Christian morality goes.  The first four commandments are religious rules, specific to Judeo-Christianity. The others are moral rules which are justifiable in any context, regardless of your religion. They're based on moral principles which are independant of religion.   I disagree; I'd say they are based on the moral principles of the religion, and in the case of the 10 Commandments it happens to be the same as some moral principles outside the religion too.   I find it interesting that you only used the ten commandments as an example. If you are talking about Christianity, you have to take it further and talk about Christ's teachings which go beyond the moral standards of the 10 commandments. The moral system of Christianity would say not only 'don't kill' but turn the other cheek if harm comes one's way. It would say not only to 'not commit adultery,' but to not have lust even in one's heart. The bar of these moral principles is HIGHER than mere standards of harm-and-consent independent of Christianity. That's exactly why this morality code is strived toward by so many people instead of merely 'rational' harm-and-consent issues outside of religion.  You say that these principles are just understood as general principles outside of and regardless of religion, but I have yet to see anyone show any other moral system out there that advocates such pascifism as turning the other cheek after being struck rather than fighting back, taking a heavy load an extra mile after being forced to carry it one already, giving one's shirt away as well to the robber who took your coat, forgiving one's enemies (not just friends or those who haven't shown harm)etc. Please tell me where those principles are found outside of Christianity, in a non-religious general sense that everyone supposedly already knows.
Where do moral rules come from Kronus? Where did they begin? Who developed them?
I"m not asking WWJD?  Then you aren't talking about morality, from a Christian POV. If you're going to deal with morality and Christianity, it's unavoidable.  I'm asking why you think murder is immoral but being Hindu isn't,   Who said I didn't think they aren't BOTH immoral?? Whether or not they are immoral is really beside the point; Christian morality would require love and forgiveness on both accounts.   The obvious answer to me is that the one is a moral rule based on general morals and the other religious and based on rules that only pertain to that religion,  There's no such thing as "general morals." If there were, there would never have been world wars, genocides, murder rates in society, etc. Far more people were killed during your so-called "age of reason" than any other similarly lengthy period in world history.  But you say you have an religiously internal way of justifying the distiniction. I'd like to see it, please.  No, I'm saying there is no distinction.  Just "happens" to be the same? By coincidence? Come now, you can't believe that.  Not necessarly coincidence, but because religions have had a long-term effect on society's codes of conduct down through the eons.   Every single thing you mention here is an example of what I've been saying all along. Don't hurt people, help them. Jesus's specific take was that this applies to everyone, even one's enemies, but the core message is the same. Don't hurt people, even if you feel like they deserve it. Help people, even if they've done you harm. Jesus wasn't saying anything new, he was just trying to get people to understand that it applies to everyone, all the time. A difficult concept in his time, and one people still have trouble with today, but the core message was nothing new. Just the extent to which he applied it.  And so it's not the same message. It shows there IS a difference between Christian morality and standard "everybody-knows-it morality". You can't provide an example of such pascifism as turning the other cheek after being struck rather than fighting back, taking a heavy load an extra mile after being forced to carry it one already, giving one's shirt away as well to the robber who took your coat, forgiving one's enemies (not just friends or those who haven't shown harm) etc. from a system outside religion. Or probably even outside Christianity. You've only showed a weaker secular code of conduct. So no, I don't agree. Show the evidence.
And that's what really makes all the rest of what I've said moot, isn't it? You want morality to come from religion. This is like talking to a Creationist; it doesn't really matter what's said, they want God to have created the Earth and so that's what they believe. You're so wed to your idea that any counter view is relegated to the realm of "not even talking about the same thing". You simply redifine the issue until all other views are wrong by definition. Am I right? No, and you can't produce an origin of morality.
But Hitler killed 6 million because of religion.   What basis do you have that he did it "because of religion?"  And that's what really makes all the rest of what I've said moot, isn't it? You want morality to come from religion. This is like talking to a Creationist; it doesn't really matter what's said . . . .   No, it really is silly to think you can discuss Christianity as a moral guiding system and completely leave out the teachings of Christ. Whatever I "want" or don't "want" is completely irrelevant.
this thread appears to have gotten off-topic. It also appears that this thread is unlikely to get back on-topic.
I hope to have done more research by then, and will be able to prove that what you call Christian morality is not as unique as you like to think. Until then! emoticon_xgood  Feel free, I don't mind learning about it if it's the result. It's not likely to shake my faith in Christ though, which is also based on religious experience, if that's what you're hoping for. I tend to question anyone's motives who would be out to show something like that; other than prejudice I don't know of any good motive as to why someone would be out to prove that someone's sacred and dear views aren't so special, unique and dear. But if that's what you want to try and do, have fun!
Who are you to determine it does? Because you don't agree with it? Welcome to the real world pal. If it doesn't hurt anyone how is it a bad thing? Is it a bad thing because YOU don't agree with it? You ask, "Who am I to determine that gay marriage won't hurt anyone"? Like I stated earlier what other people do with their lives is not for me to decide. I do not house, cloth, or feed them. I do not console them in times of distress or share their happiness when all is good. Who am I to limit their freedoms because I have an opinion? Who are they to limit mine for the same reason? Incidentally, laws insuring equality for blacks in the 1960's were not decided by popular vote. Why? Because they never would have passed. The minority shall not be subject to the tyranny of the majority. Until you can prove gay marriage a detriment to society with facts you have nothing more then a opinion, not a legitimate reason to legislate discrimination. You confuse what you personally think is right and wrong with what is legally fair and just. Your neighbor is entilted to the same freedoms as you are. As long as they obey the law, work for a living, pay their taxes, what you personally feel about them is irrelevant. If you think it is relevant, then their personal feelings about you will have relevance as well. Then your freedoms will be on the auction block for voting and you'll wonder who these people think they are. Who are these people that think their opinion should become law that puts restrictions on MY life? Your post is very confusing. Half that stuff I didn't say that you have a "quote" for. Please fix it or I will report the post for deleting.  Once you do that I would be more then happy to answer your post
For steeeeve the majority is allways right. He wants the majority of people to vote on everything. He would have no problem with a law that said the everyone over 40 was to be executed, even if it ment his own death, as long as the majority of people voted for it. He believes in the tyranny of the majority and to heck with individual rights if the majority are against them. For him the courts are only a rubber stamp for the will of the majority, even elected officials have no right to protect the minorities if it goes againt the will of the majority. In his world everything and anything can go on the ballot.  Yeah, you got me. What an idiotic and insulting post. Just because you don't like a democracy doesn't mean I am crazy. Democracy does have flaws but it is better than any other system. It seems you just prefer to be dictator and have everything your way. Spoiled....
What have I ever said that would lead you to even suspect that I want you to change your religious beliefs? Is this why you get so prickly whenever anyone even mentions Christianity? You think they're trying to convert you or something? Rest assured, unless you're trying to make me live by them, I don't give a whit what religious views you want to follow.  I guess I get defensive about it sometimes because there really are a lot of people in these fora that spend an inordinate amount of effort trying to debunk Christianity--I believe they have an axe to grind and that at times it is because of their prejudices. Come to think of it, you don't really have a record of that, so I apologize for the assertion. At the same time, I don't see the value of trying to determine that Christian morality is not unique. I believe it IS unique in a number of respects, but even if it is not, I have other reasons to hold to that it is the way to go.
Most every subject that comes up involving argumentative differences of opinion on religion stem from Christians attempting to claim their belief system is the sole option and only oracle on any given subject.   I disagree, and I've been VERY careful to view the arguments objectively, as to who started what, why, and so forth. There really is a prejudicial attitude in these fora toward Christianity among several people. You can be blind to it if you prefer.  But this is getting way off-topic.
A person's beliefs have to be pretty flimsy if they're afraid someone else can "force" them to change merely by granting equality to all.  Absolutely! I agree 100%, but of course that's not the issue.
I believe that this post might provide the perfect segue back to the topic at hand, which is the New York Court of Appeals ruling.  OUCH the truth hurts doesn't it? emoticon_rolleyes  Yet you do not refute my claim. I like democracy but, unlike you, I believe that there are certain things that people should not be allowed to vote on. Right. There are presumably a lot of people who believe that we should not be able to vote on any number of issues. The way this is accomplished is through a democratic process. So, for example, if we don't think people should be vote for slavery, we remove that as an option by enacting a constitutional amendment, which is a democratic process.  I, unlike you, believe that the minority rights need to be protected even if it goes against the will of the majority. There are also times when the majority's right to legislate needs to be protected against the minority. Gay marriage, as the New York case determines, is one of those times.  I, unlike you, believe in an independent Judiciary that is not subject to the whim of the majority. In what sense do you mean by independent judiciary? Do you mean a judiciary that can decide things on a whim according to however they wish (or what they think is best), or do you mean a judiciary that, regardless of public (or personal) opinion, does what the law requires? Is the New York Court of Appeals part of an independent judiciary?  My goal in this response, by the way, is to attempt to move this discussion back to the New York Court of Appeals decision. So please respond with that in mind.
I am assuming that one could remove religious freedom this way also. You only assume this to be the case? If there were to be an amendment that repealed the first amendment, then Congress could prohibit any religion they wanted to as well as prescribe a national religion.  There are certain freedoms that are above democracy. A good test of what those freedoms are is if one group wants to limit the freedoms of another group, in this case bigots wanting to keep gay people out of marriage, then that freedom is above democracy. There are no freedoms that are above democracy, as I stated above. It might take a higher percentage (i.e., more than a majority) of support to remove the first amendment, but that is not to say that it cannot be done democratically. It can be repealed by another amendment, the process of which is a democratic process.  Now, if you wish to argue that defining marriage is above majority vote, then you would need to show that the the constitution prohibits this.  So my civil rights should be determined by a vote of the majority? I think you would feel different if you, your family, and your civil rights were under attack. Anything is fair game for the majority so long as it isn't encroaching on a constitutional right. Again, if this were the case, it would not be above democracy, merely above the majority.
OUCH the truth hurts doesn't it? emoticon_rolleyes  not really...i kinda like it. I hope the truth about post didn't hurt.   Yet you do not refute my claim. That is correct, I didn't.   I like democracy but, unlike you, I believe that there are certain things that people should not be allowed to vote on.  Which means you are not for a democracy. You had the Saddam Hussein version of democracy where you want people to vote so long as they vote in the direction you want them to.  I, unlike you, believe that the minority rights need to be protected even if it goes against the will of the majority.  This is why we have a constitution and judges. To bad for you, gay "rights" aren't covered under the constitution...which is probably why you support the "evolving" constitution where you have 5 outta 9 people decide what the consitution should say. In other words, you don't really support a democracy here either.   I, unlike you, believe in an independent Judiciary that is not subject to the whim of the majority. You mean you are for an independent judiciary that makes decisions based on their own personal beliefs about how things should be. A judiciary not subject to the whim of the majority is what you don't want because that is the only way you can get gay marriage passed without voting on it.
So are you defending oppression and discrimination? Have you ever heard of a strawman? Are you capable of reasonable discussion? Perhaps my time is better spent in the answer with a question thread?
So are you defending oppression and discrimination?  Perhaps you should go live in a communist country since you seem to think democracy is "oppression and discrimination".  haha, I can do strawmans too!
It is quite a Legitimate question. I ask you why do you want the people and the legislature to vote on wether or not someone could get married? It is not a strawman to wonder why you want this to happen. From my point of view any one who wants the legislature and the peoiple to vote on marriage is defending oppression and discrimination. Just because you call it discrimination doesn't mean it is though :)
It is quite a Legitimate question. I ask you why do you want the people and the legislature to vote on wether or not someone could get married? No. You never asked me this.  It is not a strawman to wonder why you want this to happen. No, it is not a strawman to wonder why I think a legislature can legitimately vote on a definition for marriage.   But it is a strawman to take what I have said (which was that marriage is subject to democratic processes), substitute for what I said something I did not say (i.e., that because I believe in democracy, I am defending oppression and discrimination), and then suggest that I support oppression and discrimination. This is what you did. And that is a strawman.  From my point of view any one who wants the legislature and the peoiple to vote on marriage is defending oppression and discrimination. And your point of view would be wrong.
That is the problem marriage should never be subject to the democratic process. Again, everything in the American system of government is subject to the democratic process. Do you really not understand this?  I can only assume that you want marriage to be subject to the democratic process because you want to discriminate and oppress. This is not rational.  Why then, if this is not true do you want to subject marriage to the democratic process? This is the wrong question. Marriage is already subject to the democratic process, as is every other legal rule under the American system.
Straight couples can get married and gay couples can't. It's discrimination. 20yr olds can get married and 8yr olds can't. It's discrimination.
So then you do believe that everything and anything can go on the ballot. Everything is subject to a democratic process, whether that be by ballot or Constitutional Amendment.  But lets take your logic in anything can be subject to the democratic process. Ok. Let's.  What if the majority of white people wanted black people dead? By your logic all a group of white people have to do is get a petition together and have it put on the ballot or go to the legislature and have a law made. You need to read closer, Matthew. I have never used the term "democratic process" to mean "majority rules," which is how you seem to be using it. This is not what "democratic process" means within the American system of government.  Aside from that, your example is ridiculous.  After all this is due process in the constitution under the 14th. You are silly to think that the only thing preventing the scenario above is the 14th Amendment's Due Process clause. Are you joking?  Also by your logic the courts can not stop the law since, by your logic, the courts have no power to over rule the legislature or the will of the people. A court would never have to stop your example from happening because your example is propostorous.
he courts have no power to over rule the legislature or the will of the people. It actually says this in the federalist papers... The people are supposed to be more powerful than any other branch of government. It is the "will of the people" that set up the democratic process to which you rely on today by the way.  There is no difference between majority rules and the democratic process. Our democratic process requires a "super majority" in some cases...some times a constitutional amendment. Nevertheless, there is nothing baring anyone from voting on marriage...the country is based on voting to enact laws!  The democratic process Requires a majority so the majority rules.  So you admit you are against democracy now?  Oh BTW the german jews and gays thought the courts and the law would protect them also and that the holocaust was unthinkable. If it can happen there it can happen here. There wasn't much of a democracy then. Also, it is you how has faith in the courts...perhaps your trust is misplaced?
I know it is Preposterous but so is sujecting marriage to the democratic process. Subjecting marriage to the democratic process is not preposterous. In fact, without the democratic process, civil marriage would not even exist. I simply don't see how one could say that an institution which was created by the democratic process cannot be subject to the democratic process.  There is no difference between majority rules and the democratic process. The democratic process Requires a majority so the majority rules. This is simply incorrect. Here is one example of why this is incorrect. A constitutional amendment is not ratified without (in the case of the federal constitution) 2/3 of both houses, as well as 3/4 of all the states. This is not "majority rules," but it is nevertheless democratic.  I ask you why do you want marriage subject to the democratic process? Since I have allready posted above who I have heard say ""let the people vote" I take anyone who wants to "let the people vote" or even put marriage through the legislature supports oppression and discrimination. Hardly a strawman. Ofcourse I am under the assumtion that any bill comming before the people and the legislature would be a bill to ban gay marriage. First, this is not about what I want. Marriage simply is subject to the democratic process because, as I have continuously said, everything in the United States is subject to the democratic process.  Secondly, I have never argued in support of oppression and discrimination. But, this is the "point" of mine which you continue to "refute" (either by suggesting I made it, or assuming that I did). The problem is, I never made the "point" that you are replying to. That is a classic strawman.  So where do you stand? For or against gay marriage? This is not a relevant question. I am participating in this thread to discuss what the law says, not what I think it ought to say, and to discuss what the law requires, not what I wish it would require.
Wow I guess if 2/3 and 3/4 forths is not a majority then what is it a cow? A majority implies 50% +1. A constitutional amendment requires much more than that...people refer to it sometimes as a "super majority"  Which brings me back to my point about a group getting together to have another group killed. If yuou believe everything is subject to democratic process then there is nothing off limits.In the democratic process...it would be impossible to limit options unless you get rid of democracy alltogether.  I have said the only people who I have ever heard want a vote on marriage or even have marriage run through the legislature are those who are anti gay. Perhaps you don't talk to enough people? I got a few hard core liberal friends that realize it has to be up to a vote....these friends have been to law school though.  You have not made any claims to the contrary so my assumtion holds. This is an assumtion not a strawman.  Phyllis made a claim, you changed the claim to something else, you shot down the claim, you claim victory. That sounds like a classic strawman to me.  I think it is very relevant. How can you discuss a law and not its effects? When making a law sure....Phyllis is just talking about how the law must be created for gay marriage to exist.
Is it over 50 +1 then it is a majority.  Yet in our democracy a majority can loss. A majority won't get a constitutional amendment always but a constitutional amendment always means a majority existed.  How? Phyllis stated that the court made the right discion by sending it to the legislature. I am saying that in the past I have only heard people wanting this or think this is a good idea to be anti gay and anti gay people support oppression and discrimination. I have asked phyllis several times through out this thread to clarify this. Phyllis will not. So since I have never heard any one but anti gay people want a vote on marriage in the legislature or any where else I can ony assume that phyllis is anti gay therefore supports oppression and discrimination. Prove me wrong show me a liberal or progressive group that wants the legislature or people to vote on marriage. Since you want to play this game...by your own logic all gay and gay support groups don't believe in a democracy. You support dicatorship and oppression of everyone emoticon_xgood   If the law is gender nutral then gay marriage can exist without a law. This is why conservatives and <the term that has been banned< want to define marriage. You mean maintain the definition of marriage.
Wow I guess if 2/3 and 3/4 forths is not a majority then what is it a cow? In the American system, it is blurring a clear and important line to say that a Constitutional Amendment passes with the vote of a majority, because that only implies that it was passed by over 50%, when in fact the Constitutional Amendment process is designed in such a way that it would require much more than 50% + the smallest amount.  Which brings me back to my point about a group getting together to have another group killed. If yuou believe everything is subject to democratic process then there is nothing off limits. In our current system, everything is subject to the democratic process. Regardless of hypothetical consequences, that is a fact.  I have given you my reasoning. I have said the only people who I have ever heard want a vote on marriage or even have marriage run through the legislature are those who are anti gay. So when I read your statements that you are gald the court kicked the marriage back to the legislature then I can only assume you are anti gay and anti gay people believe in oppression and discrimination. You have not made any claims to the contrary so my assumtion holds. This is an assumtion not a strawman. Let me clear this up. I am glad the court deferred to the legislature in this case, not because I support opression and discrimination, but because I respect the rule of law. In this case the law required that the court defer to the legislature, and that is what they did.  To further alleviate any doubt, if the law had required the court to overrule the legislature (and extend marriage to same-sex couples), then I would be glad that the court did so. In other words, I don't support court decisions only when they favor my policy preferences.  You know this is like a doctor saying he will treat the person and not the disease. I think it is very relevant. How can you discuss a law and not its effects? I asked you a simple question were do you stand on this issue? Is there a reason you won't make you position clear? Untill you do my assumtion must stand. I have already stated why my personal opinion on this issue has no bearing on the question at hand: did the New York Appeals Court decide the case correctly? We might distinguish this question from this one: should the New York Legislature reform its domestic relations law? Personal opinion matters in the latter question. It does not in the former.
Typical diversion. That is only discrimination to a pedophile.  and? Could I sayd "well marriage is only discrimination to gays and phedophiliac"?  If you want to use discrimination as a reason you have to say that 8yr olds should be allowed to marry....your logic, not mine.
I was dealing with the issue of gay marriage discrimination, which is what the issue is.  Ok, but you admit that not allowing a 50yr old to marry a 10yr old would be discrimination then...or even two 10yr olds
If you want to use discrimination as a reason you have to say that 8yr olds should be allowed to marry....your logic, not mine.  It's funny how, on one hand proponents of gay marriage argue on the basis that it's discrimination, but the moment other examples are brought up to show that discrimination in and of itself is not necessarily a valid argument they immediately shift to saying "oh, but I was ONLY taking about gay marriage discrimination."  One has to wonder, if they were only talking about discrimination in that one case, why they bring it up to begin with, or argue from the standpoint that it's wrong (when no one else is getting gay marriage either). They make an argument, then immediate invalidate it by saying they weren't really talking about discrimination, but just GAY discrimination. Discrimination is discrimination; either it is or it isn't. Obviously they don't want to hear other examples of it in society because it presents a problem with their tactic of arguing from the standpoint of discrimination: that merely saying it's discrimination isn't much of an argument after all.  It also exposes the reality that equality is not really what gays are looking for; but rather to have marriage broadened just enough to include them. That's all fine and good, but it shows that their use of the 'equality' argument is nothing more than a deceptive canard.
 If you extend marriage to one group of adults then it must be extended to all groups of adults  Your very use of the 'adults only' exception to non-discrimination exemplifies exactly what I'm talking about. You don't want true equality, or else there would be NO exceptions to you.   The bottom line is that there is really no such thing as true equality. It's really a question of where the discriminatory line is drawn, not whether or not there should be a line. You say you want equality, but really you just want the marriage benefit line drawn a little wider to include you, not necessarily the polygamists, underaged, co-habitating singles, etc. You don't care about equality, you just want your catagory taken off the exceptions list. That's fine--it's your prerogative to argue for that. But don't call it fighting for equality, because it's really not.
You are arguing that there is no such thing as equality. How would you describe civil rights movements that want parity with the majority group, or with the group in power? Would you describe them as discrimination movements? It would seem to me they want a measure of equality and less discrimination in society.  Actually, in terms of race, there can be complete equality.   Marriage is a different matter, because unless you are going to remove ALL exceptions to marriage, there will never be equality. Yet another important difference between gay marriage and civil rights.
And the thread is hijacked for a second time. Blast.
The issue of marriage is at the heart of this thread. The thread topic is "N.Y. Top Court Rules Against Gay Marriage" so we can discuss the rulling, gay marriage, or the effect of the ruling. The courts ruling was based upon the effects of gay marriage on children. So Phyllis, Answer me this;why does society allow couples who can't have children to get married or couples in their 70's and 80's to get married but won't let gay people get married? Last I looked I haven't seen too many pregnant 70 year old women. If as the court ruled marriage is about children then none of these groups should not be allowed to get married. I will await phyllis's response that will rip you up but I will first add my own thoughts.   The court ruled that protecting children was a legitimate State interest and that a reasonable person could decide that gay marriage was not in the best interest of children. You can't rule on something that is not before the court.   Keep in mind that the court didn't say gay marriage wouldn't definitly hurt children (or does) nor did they say it had to be restricted.
Yes, there can be, just like with everything else.  Everything else? So you'd support removing any and all exceptions to marriage legality? (age minimums, number of partners, etc.?) 'Cause that's the only way to have real and complete marriage equality.  Well, civil rights doesn't only apply to race. It's really the same-sex or gay marriage equal marriage movement, not the anything goes marriage equality movement.  Then it's not real and full equality. Only partial, which isn't really equality at all.  And the thread is hijacked for a second time. Blast.  It's only natural that a discussion of gay marriage legality will go this direction. There's no way to avoid it if the topic is covered honestly and comprehensively.
If the state has a "legitimate interest and that a reasonable person could decide that gay marriage was not in the best interest of children." then why does the state allow couples who can't have children to get married or couples in their 70's and 80's to get married but won't let gay people get married? If as the court and you all claim marriage is about children. 70 and 80yr olds were not on trial here. Perhaps if the legislature of New York said "70-80yr olds can't marry nor have kids" then the issue would come before the court and we could find out if the state interest was ok and if a reasonable person could believe "x" prevented the state interest from taking place. This is not a hard concept and is good considering it defers moral judgement to the people as opposed to a few unelected officials that have no more understanding of morality than you or me....I forgot you don't like democracy though emoticon_rolleyes
Why can't you answer a simple question? I will take it to another thread. You are asking a question that is irrelevant to the discussion.  I don't know what the state of New York allows 70 and 80 yr olds to marry. Perhaps they like the idea...who knows?  The point of the matter was that a reasonable person could believe that gay marriage would not benefit children and thus since benefiting children is a state interest the law is ok.   the courts don't need to decide every other segment of marriage in a limited case.
Yes, there can be complete equality anywhere and everywhere.  Nope. [wouldn't accept removing all exceptions from marriage]  Well, you're certainly a person of contradictions!  I think the thousands and thousands of married Canadian same-sex partners would argue that they do have real equality. Their marriages prove it. Your smokescreen diversion about illegal acts doesn't change that fact.  They've only had the line drawn a little broader to include them. There is not true marriage equality in Canada or anywhere. There is no such thing, or else there would be no exceptions to marriage.
When gays can get married then they are equal to heterosexuals when it comes to marriage. This is equality. No one is arguing that all requirements, such as age of consent, be dropped to achieve equality. With gays getting married, it is still between two consenting adults. Your argument is nothing more than a tactic to muddy the waters. Your argument could be made with regards to ANY civil rights struggle.  And yet you still use exceptions when you say "two consenting adults". That's 2 exceptions right there.  But go ahead and convince yourself of this grand idea of marriage "equality." You've flippantly used the word so long now you don't even know what it really means. :)
The issue of marriage is at the heart of this thread. No it isn't.  The thread topic is "N.Y. Top Court Rules Against Gay Marriage" so we can discuss the rulling, gay marriage, or the effect of the ruling. You can discuss what you like, but that does not mean it is on-topic. I would explain this, but it would be awkward for the person insiting that the thread remain on-topic to then proceed to take it off-topic.  The courts ruling was based upon the effects of gay marriage on children. So Phyllis, Answer me this;why does society allow couples who can't have children to get married or couples in their 70's and 80's to get married but won't let gay people get married? Last I looked I haven't seen too many pregnant 70 year old women. If as the court ruled marriage is about children then none of these groups should not be allowed to get married. Why does society allow it? Why does society allow anything? Because it wants to.  Just one quick question as well: Have you read the court's opinion in its entirety?
That's the bit that doesn't make sense to me. Your statement, and the legal argument, assumes that getting married is some sort of prerequisite to having children. IE, you get married, then you have kids. Therefore if you don't want gays to raise kids, don't let them get married. The problem is that it doesn't work that way. Gays already have kids, they already are in families. The families already exist, and will continue to exist regardless of the marital state of the adults involved. So if the benefits in question are there to help families then denying them to gays isn't helping kids at all, it's directly hurting them.  I think you keep on missing how the court decides this. The judge doesn't have to be convinced that children are better off in straight homes...they just have to be convinced that someone could reasonably believe that(ie this is not just out of hate). It is the job of the legislature to determine if the evidence is meaningful or not.  In other words, you are taking it farther than a judge can go.
So then I assume that you support a one year one boy marrying a 1 year old girl then?  Oh no, I'm not one here saying that there needs to be marriage equality in this country. I understand that by it's very nature marriage is a discriminatory institution. it has to be.
You completely missed my point. Let's take as a working assumption (which I think is wrong, but leave that aside for now) that kids are better off in straight homes. How is this ruling supposed to help with that? You don't need to be married to have kids. Gays can't get married in most of the country, but they still have kids, and if they continue to be denied the right to marriage they will still continue to have kids. We're not talking about adoption laws or rules concerning artificial insemination here, we're talking about marriage. Straights tend to assume that if you want kids you'll get married first, but if you're forbidden to marry than you don't make that connection. If a gay couple want children they'll get them, even if they aren't married. So denying them the right to marry won't keep them from raising children, all it will do is make the task harder. Thus the ruling doesn't protect children at all; all it does is make life harder for gay families, including the children. The ruling actively harms people, and helps no one. Particularly not the children it's explicetly claiming to protect. No, I got your point....it is just irrelevant to the issue of law. You are trying to convince the court of policy when the court is saying it is not the place to decide if children are in fact better off with a mom and dad as opposed to a gay family.  The question in this case is shown below and emphazies my point about the legislature: The critical question is whether a rational legislature could decide that these benefits should be given to members of opposite-sex couples, but not same-sex couples. The question is not, we emphasize, whether the Legislature must or should continue to limit marriage in this way; The reasoning for a rational review was limited to this as it was UNDISPUTED both of which are derived from the undisputed assumption that marriage is important to the welfare of children.  If you read the two reasonings the court talks about how the legislature "could find"...not that "it is". This is the way a rational review works as opposed to the court saying "nah, we don't like it this way...lets change it".
The court's argument simply doesn't follow. There is no way to go from "a reasonable person might think gays shouldn't be parents" to "therefore gays shouldn't marry". There's no connection. Other than the UNDISPUTED POINT that marriage is beneficial to children.  both of which are derived from the undisputed assumption that marriage is important to the welfare of children.  The court case assumed the point based on argument by both parties. Based on that, the courts conclusions are reasonable.
If that point is undisputed, than how can you possibly condone denying marriage to families that already exist that have kids? The families exist, the kids are real. If denying these families the right to marry harms the kids, how could the courts do anything but allow the parents to get married?  Not their call. The assumption was that marriage is beneficial to kids. This rules out the point you were making earlier. So the question then becomes "can the legislature reasonably think that gay marriage actually hinder the current assumption".  This isn't really an abstract theory and is spelled out in the court case. Furthermore, I am not even saying I agree with the complete line of reasoning in principal..but I do think the process worked as it should have.   Next up is the ruling in Washington do out in about 30min. This one will undoubtably go for gay marriage since the judges are elected.
Hold on. You're not actually saying that the courts didn't want to risk lowering the average helpfulness of marriage, are you? "If we let gays marry, it might make marriage less helpful in a statistical sense, so we'll let the legislature make that call"? You don't really think the courts meant that, do you? If so, please show me the quotes that lead you to that conclusion, because I don't see that at all. They didn't mean that. They said the legislature could argue that point reasonably and thus it is not their call. You keep wanting the court to do things they just don't (aren't supposed to) do.  As I said, I'm not arguing the process here, but the ruling itself. If you don't agree with the reasoning behind the ruling than we're on the same side here. By process I meant the reasoning to get to the conclusion is consistent with how a judge is supposed to act. The part I don't think was good was the court limited it to "children" making it seem like gay marriage is bad for children (as a fact) as opposed to just giving more general reasons...if that makes sense.
And you keep wanting to twist this argument around to what the courts can and cannot do. I don't care about that right now. Please try to understand that. If that's all you want to talk about than just say so and we can call this quits.Considering the top is about the COURT RULING in New York, I was under the assumption we were discussing the merits of the case. I guess not.  Process is the nuts and bolts of how the system works. Reasoning is the logic behind a decision. Different things. Which, if any, do you think they got wrong? I have no issue with the process, but the reasoning is horrible. The reasoning was consistent with the law unless you believe a judge decides cases based on what is fair in his or her own mind. I already told you the problem I had with.
I'm trying to discuss the reasoning, which is seriously flawed.  well which is it? Are you discussing the legislatures or the courts?  You seem to only want to discuss the process, which I don't have any issues with. If that's the case than please have the courtesy to simply say so. If that's not the case than stop bringing it up. The reasoning is consistent with the laws. A rational basis review applies. The court finds (like they did in Washington) that the legislatures can reasonably believe that gay marriage will not further x,y, z causes and thus they can make a law against it. You may not like how rational review works but that is they it has been done since its creation. Rational review comes from the 14th amendment of the constitution by the way (or in the cause of the states...their version of it).  So explain to me how the reasoning should go using the laws that exist?
Fine, you don't care to listen to what I'm saying and only want to discuss process. Your choice, but you could at least of directly said so instead of just dodging. What am I dodging? You keep saying that I am talking about "process" but process is just indirectly discussed. The reasoning for why the New York court ruled the way it did is based on the process of applying rational review. Once that is established the review is the only reasoning and that is a simply..get this...process.   Do you wish to dicuss this based on law or not? It seems you want to discuss this in terms of how it should be instead of law.
Your response was very clear that the court said the legislature can take care of it. That's not quibbling over process, it's discussing the court's reasoning. It IS the court's reasoning. When what the court says is consistent with the law (as you've pointed out that it is) then they are doing what the law says and there is nothing "seriously flawed" about it. that's what they are supposed to do.
Kronos typically only wants to debate on HIS grounds and the direction HE wants it to go even if that direction is pointless; if you don't, he sometimes gets snarky. Your response was very clear that the court said the legislature can take care of it. That's not quibbling over process, it's discussing the court's reasoning. It IS the court's reasoning. When what the court says is consistent with the law (as you've pointed out that it is) then they are doing what the law says and there is nothing "seriously flawed" about it. that's what they are supposed to do.  I'm still unclear about what he wants to discuss...If I talk about the law he says I am talking about procedure, if I talk about the legislature he says I should be talking about the court case....too confusing.
I am here to dispute this. I can name two marriages that did not benefit anyone. My parents' and my own.  A healthy marriage can be beneficial to children - as can a miriad of other healthy relationships and environments.  This is why reading a post is essiential to understanding what someone is saying.  You can dispute it all you want but since we are talking about the New York court case (see thread title) the point was undisputed...you can talk about failed marriages elsewhere.
If marriage is, as the christian right has stated,  Only you could misread an argument this badly emoticon_rolleyes
I have decided that a compromise is in order about marriage. If marriage is, as the christian right has stated, about children then I have some new licensing rules that need to be implemented.   1 If marriage is limited to a man and a women they need to submit proof of fertility to get a license.  2 they must have a child within a year for the liscense being grated or the license must be surrendered  3 there can not be any divorce the couple must remain together for the childs welfare.  4 once the children are grown or if t6he child dies then the liscense must be surrendered.  5 only breeding age men and women will be permitted licenses.  6 proof of consumation, by video or Affidavit of 3 Witnesess must be kept on file at the court house.  7 the liscense must be renewed, much as a driver liscense is, with tests of parental fitness every 2 years. If found unfit the license is surrendered along with the children.   I could live with this my sense of equality would be sated since there would also be heterosexual excluded from marriage.   ok.. lets get this straight..  1. the fertility thing. What if the 2 people just want to get married and don't care about producing and somewhere down the road want to adopt? what happens then?  2. What if they don't want to have a chilD within the first year. most average parents want to have some time alone before they bring the noise and the smells into the house that come with the baby.. Give them at least 3 years  3. What happens if they just drift away.. and they feel like they don't love each other anymore.. the parents can pay for the child.. the don't have to stay together.. it should be there decision anyways.  4. why should the license be surrendered. what if they want to adopt a child or have another one?? do we go back to step one??  5. i can understand that. but many people wont get licenses and just go ahead and produce children..  6. umm ok.. thats a gimme  7. surrender the children!!! youre crazy!! what parent in their right mind would willingly give up their child!!!
You do realize that the rules are supposed to be absurd, to point up the absurdity of a recent court ruling, right?   yes and my post was proving that
NO I mean every word of what I type. If they institute these rules I will back off gay claim to marriage and accept that marriage is about children. As long as they continue to let 70 and 80 year olds get married marriage is not about children and there is no reason to exclude gay people.  I would also add one more lisencing rule  8 No one may have children with out a marriage lisence.  oops i missed one  8. sorry bud but thats gonna happen. youve been a teenager with hormones right??
As with any activity that you partake in without a license there will be legal consequenses. If you drive without a license you pay a fine and possibly go to jail.   but thats on an impersonal basis.. when youre with someone thats your own business. not the governments not your moms.. just yours.. catch the pattern?
what do you mean by opinion? Whether or not to allow them or whether or not they last....give us something :)
Having trouble with you reading Steeeeven?  Dont know what an opinion is young Steeeeven?  perhaps you should have spelt marriage correctly?? You can cut the XXXX anytime...  Since you refuse to be more specific I will just write what I feel.  My opinion on gay "marrage" is that it is a union that is illegal in most parts of the United States. It normally means two people of the same sex trying to join in a union similiar to a traditional marriage of a man and a woman.
My take is quite simple, really. Marriage is a lifelong bond between a man and a woman for the following reasons:  A) Completion-Not to say that there are no complete singles out there, but the old addage is true. opposites attract.  B) A Help-Mate-To aid each other in the building of their lives together  C) Procreation and rearing of children-Not attempting to put down childless couples (Whether by choice or circumstance).
Should it be made legal?  I'll assume you mean "would I like it to be legal" or "would I vote for it to be legal"....oddly enough I have to decide this in a few months.  Either way...no to both of those.
Throughout history, even ion remote times, marriage has always been a union between a man and a woman. As the millenia rolled on it was found that marriage was a solid bedrock upon which society was founded. The union produced children who in turn built upon that foundation. These unions were sanctified by whatever religion was in force at the time. If one ignores the screams and squeaks from the so-called intelligensia who are themselves a tiny minority in the world at large then this basis continues. Even if one does not ignore the squeaks etc, then they are only from a tiny majority against a vastly silent majority who feel the idea of marriage is right.  If two people of the same sex wish to cohabit and live together, then I have no problem with them creating a civil contract which sorts out their rights vis-a-vis themselves. I have no problem with them if they wish to celebrate such a contract privately.  It is not a marriage and should not be recognised as such.
Not just my Bible but any Holy book going.  Marriage is the bedrock of any society and is and was set up as being between a man and a woman.  If a homosexual couple wish to live together then fine no problem. Just get on with it.  Marriage no.
You are wrong.  Why cant we change it to include the Homos?  Did not your pencil come with an eraser?  Or is it a general problem with change?  Are you a homosexual?  Just get on with it? What the hell is that supposed to mean!?  Wrong in what respect ?  Then it isn't marriage. No problem with Homosexuals living together  No  No  Live together and stop making a fuss. Many homosexuals do so quite happily.
Please try to remember you are dealing with law abiding, hard working, tax paying citizens, no different then yourself. We live productive decent lives and we deserve the same as people who happen to be attracted to the opposite sex. You have lost your sense of fair play to your prejudice. While you make a clear distinction between "those who have" and "those who have not". You must really be impressed with yourself to actually deny people something that doesn't even belong to you.  Totally agree all the homosexual people that I know are just that.  Not any question of impressing mnyself.  Marriage was set up in the dim and distant path as a union between man woman for a variety of good reasons. In my opinion that is the way it should stay.  If homosexual people wish to live together as far as I am concerned that is fine. With a good contract etc they can ensure that the legal rights available to married heterosexual couples can be available for them.  Nevertheless, marriage is a union between a man and a woman. IMO there it should remain.
Equality seems not to in someone vocabulary or beliefs.  Certainly not yours. You should know that I am for no marriage in government. It should be left to a religious institution where it will actually mean something. The states should then go back to doing something that actually makes sense and doesn't reward people like Britney Spears for being white trash.
What issue does Matthew not believe in equality on, that you do believe in equality? he believes in equality to the point where it benefits him...he won't go the extra step and want it for others.  And statistics show that Jews and Christians have a higher divorce rate than atheists. Yeah. It "means something" in religions...  The funny thing is that with your scenario, you have no control over religions that do perform gay marriages... Certainly a contraversal part but it also reinforces my point. It being out of religion and into government makes it worth less and it should be of no surprise that the divorce rate is so high.    Which rights/benefits associated with marriage don't make sense? And how was B Spears "rewarded" by her "marriage"? haha, I like how you put "marriage" in quotes (although you probably didn't mean it as i am taking it). [/quote] Spears is rewarded in her marriage by the benefits and rights you asked me in the first question. Certain tax or other polices encourage things that Congress find desirable...perhaps a family with a child since that is seen as good and probably will result in those 3 not being homeless or something. So you have someone like spears who has a child (or two) and gets these benefits when it reality she shouldn't be rewarded for being a crazy mother. Seriously, would you want someone like Spears or Tom Cruise taking care of your child? Hell no.
That is all well and good, but it is not the religious ceremony and sanction that gays are looking for. They already have that; there are churches that perform same-sex marriages. yeah I know.   It is the civil benefits that are at issue. Are you saying you would be in favor of foregoing ALL the legal rights and benefits you are afforded by marriage? For example:   What do you say? I'm saying that there should be a better system. For example, if you had a best friend who you are roommates with...both hetero for the sake of argument...and never wish to get married then could they get some of the benefits you described? My Uncle actually was single until he died but he had a female friend who he was best friends with...why couldn't they get some kind of benefits if they so choose? Hospital vistiation rights and things of that nature are obviously the most important in this kinda situation.  It just seems the single folks are the ones getting screwed over in the marriage deal :)
Is this one of those lame ploys where you try to compare bestiality and homosexuality, and because we don't support bestiality marriage you try to allege a point? Allege a point by ignoring the specifics of the arguments?  Or do you have a specific example in mind? I could bring up that point but I was more referring to situations such as my post about this one.  Wow! So it's not RELIGION which is ignoring the worth of marriage, but rather because religions register who they marry with the state, and that suddenly makes the Jews and the Christians divorce more... I think that putting religious practices into government damaged those practices.  At times, your statements boggle the mind. You'll make up any convenient XXXX to ignore the truth. I would ask you to prove your claim, but we both know you can't. Already going down the negative post path...why do you always start this sh*t?  The high divorce rate of Christians and Jews has nothing to do with the state recognition of marriage. If your religion is so weak that it cannot handle registering marriage with the state, and that detrimentally affects your marriages, then I pity your religion. Obviously atheists are made of sterner stuff... Aside from the point that this ONE survey you refer to has been questioned very fairly, I pointed out that it should show a greater need to bring it back to religion.  But, that's part of the crazy thing about rights and freedom. They apply to all, including people who do things that we may not agree with and actions that we wouldn't do if we were in their shoes. Yeah I know, take the good with the bad in a democracy. :(  And regardless, HOW the h-e-doublehockeystick is "religion" any better in this area? Do the majority of Christian churches annull marriages if the husband beats the wife, and neither wants a divorce? Would churches have unilaterally refused to marry Spears and whatever his name is?I don't believe the vast majority of divorces are because of violence. Jesus even understands divorce in some cases. As for what churches should do...well, many have already strayed away from teachings in favor of what people think so I got no idea.   Or are you just claiming religion does a "better job", and there is absolutely no real basis for your claim, and you're ignoring the evidence disproving it...Evidence disproving what? Your one study that has many wholes in it? My point is that marriage is better off going back to the churches...if I went further in my point I would explain how churches need to go back to God and stop worrying about public opinion.
But gay folks are not? To the single folks, I say get married.  Ok, lets use that logic....  To the gay folks I say marry a woman.  Bet you aren't happy with that :)
They have a few options. 1) Sit around and wish for a better situation. Wish really hard... 2) Get married. They HAVE that option, unlike gay couples which do not. 3) Fight for legislation which would give them the specific benefits they don't.  Gay people can get married....just not to whome they choose. What if a single person doesn't want to marry? All of a sudden a double standard.   Your response is inane. It's like having a "whites only" drinking fountain, and then trying to compare a black man who CANNOT drink from that fountain to a white man who would like a drink, but doesn't want to drink from THAT fountain... Could you imagine that ACTUALLY taking place? And you are calling my post inane?  Archie Bunker: "Oh geez. I am really thirsty, and that drinking fountain water looks good." George Jefferson: "I'm thirsty too, but I am legally restricted from drinking from that fountain. It's against the law." Archie Bunker: "I'm allowed to drink here, and I want the water, but I don't want to drink from THAT drinking fountain. My predicament is so awful. Why won't somebody give me water that doesn't come from THAT fountain? I guess we're in the same boat, eh?"Not exactly chief. George Jefferson would have to say "I'm thirsty but I want to drink from this other fountain as I like it more although I am legally allowed to drink from the fountain that Archie just drank from".  Keep digging.   To try and compare the two is mind-boggling! Your example is mind-boggling.
Returning to this. Are you really proposing that friends and roommates receive marriage benefits?  Gay marriage "lessens the sanctity" of marriage, but best-buds nuptials do not?  This really isn't a complicated stance. I am saying they should redo the system to include situations that will be benefical to society. Perhaps I would reduce some of the benefits you mentioned....an actual plan would not be worth typing on these forums so you are outta luck on that one :p
Your post above, if I am looking at the right one, makes allegations comparing TWO situations. One where Matthew supports equal rights. Another where Matthew doesn't support equal rights.  We have the first issue example. THIS one. Matthew supporting equal rights for gays. We are missing the SECOND example issue. The one where Matthew doesn't support equal rights, and thus your complaint.......wrong post  Do you have anything beyond just opinion to back that claim up?not really, my opinion is based on observation and that is all there is to it. It really isn't something you can prove. If you don't like that then tough...my opinion is no less valid as it is, afterall, an opinion  "questioned"... Interesting choice of words. Not "refuted" or "destroyed", but just "questioned"...  My poll is accurate, and its accuracy is not in "question".Yeah it is. I say "questioned" and you freak out like there is some great meaning behind that. Get a grip. The ONE survey (as if one is enough to prove things in other situations) has some questions regarding tactics and it seems it goes against methods done by other surveys...either way, doesn't matter to me.    Those marriages where the partners are ATHEIST have a higher success rate than those where the partners are Jewish or Christian. Yet, in your mind, that proves that we have to bring marriage back to religion. yeah, assuming your survey is correct I would still make that claim.  I just don't get your claim. It really isn't that hard of a concept. You bring the system back to the church in hopes that people will change their values to more a Christian view. This is done in businesses all the time when talking about certain functions being brought back into a company.  Jesus understood SOME SPECIFIC REASONS for divorce, but forbade marriage after the divorce. And quite frankly, I think your "churches" should figure that out before we try to hand things back to JUST them and pretend that is a better solution... There shouldn't be much to figure out. Even so, it is better to give it back to them then keep it in the current system...IMO   What holes? What "holes" does it supposedly have? haha I said "wholes"..oops. When people challenge the validity of ONE survey then it brings "holes" into it.  In other words, churches ARE NOT doing the RIGHT job that you think they should... But we should hand it back to churches that are CURRENTLY DOING IT WRONG, and then expect them to do better... No, the state is not doing the right job and the church is allowing it. I see the divorce rate at 50% and I blame a disconnect of values....not that complicated. You are making it more than it is. I think if left 100% to the state you would see an increase in the divorce rate as marriage will have 0 meaning left.
Ok. Let's use that logic.... To the Jewish folks who aren't happy that their religion is discriminated against, I say worship Jesus... Bet you aren't happy with that   I am glad you see the logic is stupid. Now you know why saying "straight people should just marry" is just as stupid as saying "gay people should marry a woman"  Thanks :)
You know what's truly hilarious in all this. SOME on the right are arguing that when you give gay couples the same rights and benefits as straight marriages, THAT somehow cheapens and diminishes their marriages.  But here Steeeeve is trying to give those benefits to EVERYBODY who cannot or does not want to get married... yeah, it seems rather unfair that you think your marriage is above everyone else and their situation that they choose. The problem with your argument is that you want to get what you want for gays and then pull the rope up and not let anyone else get the "equality" you so desperately want.  And for the record, gay marriage IS beneficial to society. Proven numerous times in numerous ways. In fact, I can't think of any straight marriage benefit to society which doesn't have an equivalent or corollary with gay marriage benefits.  Can you? Straight people are beneficial to society too....yet you wish to be a hypocrite when it comes to "equality" for others seeking the same thing you are.
Why should someone marry some they would not choose to? If a single person does not want to marry, they do not have to. likewise, if a gay man doesnt' want to marry a women then they do not have to. You are just moving the barrier to a different spot but you still want to single out people. It makes no sense that you call some "barriers" discrimination but yours...well that is ok.  If you think the benefits given to married people are innapropriate or unjust, that is a different topic than denying people the right to marry the person they choose.ok, but that is not my point.   It is not really a double standard at all, which would be a set of circumstances that establishes a different set of provisions for one person over another. Everyone who gets married is a single person. not single in the sense I refer to. And it is a double standard to say "hey, you can't deny marriage to some" and then once you are included in the some say "no one else gets what we have".  To say "well if you allow gay marriage anyone can marry"...yeah, but anyone can marry now. You come back with "well they can't marry who they want". I say, and? A single person can't get what he wants either...which is the benefits with no marriage. You already said it was about the benefits.
Ok lets go with this thinking to the real world for a second. If you give a single person the benefit of inheriting his own pension when the single peron dies and the single person dies does he inherit his own pension? If not then who does. If you give a single person the right to visit themselves in the hospital and if not then will they be stopped from visiting themselves in the hospital? If you give a single person automatic title transfer to the house the single person owns and lives in and the single person dies then does the title transfer to the single person?If you had read the whole thread (which you obviously haven't) then you woul see that two single people could enter a contract to do these things. I gave some examples of this. What if you wanted your best friend to get to visit you..or maybe get your pension...things of that nature.
Ahhh. Forever misrepresenting my statements, as usual. There is a difference inbetween CAN marry, and just plain DON'T WANNA marry.  My response included somebody who was RESTRICTED from doing something. Not just not wanting to, but RESTRICTED from doing it.  Likewise, you are comparing a case of RESTRICTED from marrying, to JUST DON'T WANNA marry.  Flounder all you want. You still haven't overcome the inanity of that obstacle.  There is no comparing restricting blacks from marrying ANY white person, and a white person just not wanting to marry another white person.  You miss the point. The point is a gay person "CAN MARRY" to get the equality in benefits just like a single person "CAN MARRY" to get the equality benefits. It just so happens that the single person and gay person can't do it in the means they wish. So the logic used by you and thelmoose is stupid or inconsistent.
 1) What questions regarding "tactics"? 2) HOW does it go against methods done by other surveys?  Or are these more "opinions"...  I figured even you would look more into this survey the just taking something from religioustolerance.org or some news story....guess not. This wasnt' the only study done about this...jsut the newest that I know of.  The tactics are done by critics of the survey...do I really need to spell this out for you or do you not believe me that people have critized this survey?   Futhermore, you still make a big deal about this survey when I already said it's irrelevant to my stance.   Tell me. Is there a BASIS for this claim? Or is it just something you said because it sounds good? You of all people shouldn't be concerned for a basis in anything. But since you asked, yet there is.   So we should eliminate governmental involvement in marriage, overlooking the fact that Christianity and Judaism have a HIGHER DIVORCE RATE than atheists, based on HOPES??? The other option is to keep the divorce rate rising...  In the business world, if they are basing their plan on "hope", they are flushing themselves down the toilet. If they have a PLAN. ACTION. Something more than "hope", then they might succeed. What do you think risk is? It is hope.   Yeah. Because they're actually doing WORSE, it would be better to "give it back to them". Makes PERFECT sense... Only you would take one survey and claim it as fact and 100% flawless. At best the survey brings up the need to do my studies. The person that did the study even says that churches are doing enough (a point I agree with). You bring it back to the church and they are gonna have to.  How can we expect the church to do a BETTER job, when they CURRENTLY can set their own policy and make things better for marriage FOR THEIR OWN RELIGIONS marriages, and they just plain don't???For one, they can't limit marraige to just the church...thus my point.   The problem with what you are saying is that you don't have a solution and I do. I think having it all in the church would create a more meaningful marriage and make the church more responsible for the marriage instead of the state. This would make the church more likely to help resolve disputes and things like that. There is no evidence to show that this wouldn't work or would work but clearly having it in its current form is just not working.
Are you and Jyoshu reading from the same script? There is no "problem" with my argument. ANY OTHER GROUP that can show there is no legitimate state interest for their discrimination CAN ALSO be included.  You know the truly stupid thing about your argument? It's a "damned if you do, and damned if you don't" approach. If I want to allow JUST gay marriage, then you criticize me because I'm allowing too limited of a scope. But if I want to allow OTHERS beyond gay marriage, then you'll criticize me because I'm opening it up to the masses... For someone that doesn't like to be "misrepresented" you sure did it to me. I didn't say I would critcize you if you wanted to allow it all (although I kinda would). You fail to see that it would be a different critizism. When you want to open it up to gay marriage only and claim its for "equality" and that my position is "discrimination" then you are being a hypocrite because you are doing the same thing! so if you decided you wanted to open it to all then I wouldn't have an argument against you being inconsistent but rather that it is a bad idea.   But the thing you CANNOT seem to respond to is the fact that I have a unilateral approach. ANY marriage discrimination occurring without a legitimate state interest should not be allowed. You just like the limit the definition of marriage to include gay marriage and not go further:) So in a sense you can say you are not discrimnating but in reality you are...fine, if I maintain the definition of marriage to a man and a woman then there is no discrimination occuring without legitmate state interest.    Here we go again with this inanity. There is a difference inbetween gay couples which are FORBIDDEN from marrying... ... and straight couples that JUST DON'T WANNA marry.  To try and say that we are discriminating against the straight couples who CAN marry but CHOOSE NOT to marry is just plain retarded. ok, two best friends are FORBIDDEN from obtaining marriage type benefits. DISCRIMINATION!!! the fact that you can't see that is amazing.
 In "damned if you do, and damned if you don't" scenarios, the two typically ARE DIFFERENT CRITICISMS. Just plain WoW! no, damned if you do damned if you don't implies two possiblities of thought...eat the chicken dont eat the chicken...those kinda things.  1) And how about you. You want to open up marriage and keep it legal for interracial couples, but not for other couples. Does that make you a hypocrite??? I'm not claiming an equality violation  2) No "hypocrisy". I want to require a legitimate state interest before the discrimination. Groups with a legitimate state interest are allowed. Those without, are not. Consistent. No hypocrisy.yeah but it has to pass your random state interest test. I suppose you just want the courts to randomly decided what is or isn't a "state interest". If thats the case then I am going to want judges that think a majority vote is enough of a state interest and then you should have no problem with this.   Okay. News Flash for you. Isn't YOUR definition discriminatory as well? So you criticize me for something YOU are guilty of... Under your definition of discrimination yes it is...but I'm not pretending like I am not.  What is the "legitimate state interest" then in preventing gay marriage?I don't require a legitimate state interest as that phrase has no real meaning.  If by "two best friends" you are referring to a man and a woman, then you're just plain wrong. They aren't. They can marry and GET marriage type benefits. Not discriminatory. They are ALLOWED to. They just want to be friends with marriage benefits. What if it were two males..it doesn't matter. And maybe not even all the "benefits" although we said this would be for another topic.   If by "two best friends" you are referring to two people of the same gender, who are legally FORBIDDEN from marrying, then it is discrimination.  Just out of curiousity, do you ever try this trick out on anybody in real life? Do they laugh you out the room? I'm just talking about friends...you seem to want them to marry when these friends don't want to but do want the benefits...they can't. You can't comprehend this for some odd reason.
Marriage involves two people, it has nothing to do with a single person not getting the benefits.  WAIT! Did you just define marraige as something? Fine, I define it has a man and a woman...not just two people. If you can define it why can't I?  A straight single person can get married and get the benefits. they can't get benefits if they don't want to marry...just like a gay person can't get benefits if they dont want to marry (in this case a woman). You make it seem like it is literally impossible for a gay person to marry...when it is not....they just can't do it in the means they want. Same with a single person.   At least not to someone they are physically and romantically involved with. And thats the point...if two single people want to share the benefits but don't want to get married as they have no "romantic" involvement then why are saying they can't get benefits for your type can...DISCRIMINATION! :p   It is so funny to hear you guys talk about this and pretty much use the same arguments that your anti-gay marriage folks use. Things like "that's not the definition of marriage" and "marriage is a union between two people...not single people living together". HAHA, this is exactly why I don't support your cause, because you are just arguing the same thing the other side is...you just want to draw a different line. The least you can do is just admit that and stop this "equality" BS that you don't really care about.
Touche. Their tactics are really so tiresome and absurd - they remain argumentative to the end, throwing up any shred of a comment they can muster. I think they are now advocating everyone to be allowed to get all marriage benefits even if they have no desire to be married because they are concerned about being inclusive to all. OR are they advocating getting married willy-nilly to persons you don't even want to marry? And gays should be satisfied with marrying someone other than the person they want to commit to? But at the same time, same-sex marriage would be unthinkable. Quite silly, really.  Do steve and jyosh really think they are making a logical argument? I don't know which is sadder, to be so deluded as to think being contrary is a debate, or they know they are being illogical, but say it anyway.  You ask if they try this trick in real life. You are assuming they have one.  It is more consistent than any other arguement you guys have made.   So you have gays that want marriage benefits. You can look at this as single people, married people, and gay couples that can't marry but are not single. three groups. Now you can have two single people live together. Perhaps they are best friend with no romantic or other feelings other than just friends. Now we have three relationships. Currently we restrict marriage benefits to only one of those relationships.   So the first point is when I say "why can't the friends relationship get benefits" someone responded with "they should just marry"...or rather do something they don't want to do (or maybe aren't allowed to do). But if you use that as your argument "they should just marry if they want benefits" then you have to agree with the argumetn that a gay man should just "marry to get benefits".  Second point, gays claim they want equality. So you have three relationships here. Why should the friend relationship not get these benefits while the other two should? There is no equality in that...just a different line in the sand. So argue that there should be a different line not that some people are "discrimnating" against you guys...as you wish to do the same. If you try to claim that the "friends relationship" could get married then you are asking them to change the frame of their relationship. You could just change the term in government to some different meaning which would allow anyone to enter into an argument with anyone in which they would receive some benefits. There wouldn't be much "romance" in that but rather just a contract that you sign on to for whatever reason. Perhaps you could even get different kinds of contracts to how much you wanted the other person to get. This would be the only equality in this situation. With the current system it just doesn't allow for 2 kinds of relationships to get benefits.
ROFLMAO! I see how this is working.  I quote a study putting a MAJOR hole in your plan... ... and then you claim "other studies" disprove or contradict my study ... ... and then when I ask you for these studies, they suddenly become "irrelevant".  Got it. Your counter-argument is irrelevant. Leaving no opposition to my point. My study stands.  negative assurance is no assurance at all :) You also should refresh on your series of events.   I wasn't asked if it was relevant to my argument? Steeeeve, I TELL you that it's relevant to my argument. I SHOW YOU WHY it's relevant to my argument. I don't need to be "asked" anything ... You weren't asked to give your argument.   No. It hasn't been. That was the first time I asked that specific question.  You claim that the church can make changes to "marriage" once they get exclusive control. And that they need to get control of marriage to improve it.  I'm asking WHAT IMPROVEMENTS can they make to marriage ONLY WHEN they have exclusive control? Obviously, for the HIGHER DIVORCE RATE of Christians, they can make policy changes and policy enforcements WITHIN the church to fix the situation. Why haven't they done this yet?  What changes could they make that they can only make when they get control? asked and answered. See above posts.   How convenient. That excuse seems to work a lot for you. Make unfounded claims, and then claim offense and refuse to back up your claims.  I'll take it as read then that you can't prove what you claim, because you have been refusing to show any proof left and right on this issue. oh it exists..no question about that. It shouldn't be that surprising anyway. that seems like a logical statement to be made after someone did a study like that.  But just for the record, how am I being a "d*ck"?Because everytime someone disagrees with you, you act like a 5 year old when you debate...resorting to smoke and mirror tactics to change the frame of debate away from what the person is talking about.  And should I get as much mileage out of your slur as you do for other, more relevant issues?    But "hoping" will. No real plan, but just "hoping" the church will do a better job, when it is obviously doing a worse job right now... You make this too easy Steeeeve.You think doing nothing is better? Any way you go you are "hoping" it will work....time to learn about risk.   Part of the problem with that is that "religion" CURRENTLY HAS RESPONSIBILITY in marriage. actually the state does. It is a state defined issue. Divorce, marriage, settlements, everything is up to the state and its laws.
Please, stop. My assessment of this gibberish is that you simply don't want gay marriage, but don't have an unrefutable argument. You are throwing up some pretty silly, irrelevant, tedious ideas that insult others' intelligence.  I'm done.  awww come on. If you don't want to respond that is fine but don't dismiss the claim by claiming it is "silly and irrelevant"....the argument I make is the only consistent arguement you can make. I challenge you to point out otherwise. You do the same thing when I bring up polygamy. It is the same arguments yet you refuse to accept others...kinda selfish
I'm going to reply to this one sentence, and point out how central it is to this continuing farce...  Gays WANT MARRIAGE.  Not just marriage "benefits". We want MARRIAGE.  So you disagree with this comment? "It is the civil benefits that are at issue."   The marriage BENEFITS are not rights. Not rights in the sense that they are guaranteed to any citizen. So you would be ok with gays being allowed to marry but have no benefits with this marriage?  The state cannot arbitrarily "delete" a right. They couldn't suddenly decide to revoke the right to vote or free speech.Those are federal constitution requirements. The federal government can revoke them. In fact, the state could too until the 1940s or so.  I challenge them to show me any case where a "benefit" for marriage has been ruled as a right SEPARATE FROM marriage itself. I'm not sure I understand. If someone said "marriage benefits and rights and privileges are protected under the 14th amendment." (or wherever) would you disagree with that statement?
You are too funny foundit.   Not ony have you contradicted yourself numerious times..."marriage benefits are not a right"....2 months ago they were a right...it is always all over the place for you.  Marriage is a right defined by...oh....the 14th amendment somewhere. It is one of those "substantive" rights...the SCOTUS must have a list back in their offices that has these rights on them.   Furthmore we go from an argument outside of the US constitution to all of sudden bringing it in as the defining point between discrimination and no discrimination. Once again, all over the place.  Ok...lets go with this new whim you are on now....I feel like a d*mn kite...so marriage is a "right" protected under the fedeal constitution. Well who gets to define marriage? Obviously the courts do in your opinion...you will say something to the effect of "the state can't discriminate based on anything with regard to marriage without state interest"..."state interet" being another term defined by the court depending on the day. So you say well not having gay marriage is not in the interest of the state although two state courts decided it was. Why? Because all of a sudden you know what a legitmate state interest is and your opinion is more correct then those XXXXXX in the courts...It is just interesting how the constitution always agrees with you. No matter what state interest will always mean what you want it to mean and "marriage" will mean what you want it to mean. Thus I call you a living constitutinalist. All over the place with no real standard for deciding something other than what you personally want at that day and time.
Since he apparently thinks that from the state's POV that marriage and the giving of marriage benefits are not the same thing, I'm now pretty much of the conclusion that he simply doesn't understand the issue. Apparently he doesn't realize that when people talk about "the right to marry", they are simply talking about the right for the govt. to recognize their marriage in order to give them benefits. emoticon_wow Anyone can marry anyone at any time. They can make a lifelong commitment, have a big cake, lots of guests and all the champagne they want if they so choose. The govt. doesn't care--the only role they play in terms of that marriage is regarding govt. benefits.  Don't worry we will get to the insults shortly...you know, where we get called "dishonest" or "liars" as the debate chances stances another 10-15 times. Of course in about 2 months it may be back to the whole "benefits" thing. I always said the major flaw on these forums is the inconsistent thought of people. Unless you count your own personal wants at that time as being consistent.
If you can quote me where I claimed the BENEFIT ITSELF was a right, independent of marriage, that would be a start.  Until then, this is just another lame situation where you have an "opinion" that I said something that I didn't actually say, and you'll "believe" that I had a stance that You will undoubtable try to claim that you meant it was "with marriage" are you are already backing out of your claim.   http://4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=220866&postcount=62  You wrote in response to "The point there was that marriage benefits themselves aren't even guaranteed by the constitution."  "The marriage benefits and rights and privileges are protected under the 14th amendment as well."  awaiting your "you misrepresent me you liar" post....  Fact #2) The 9th amendment is interpreted in acknowledging that the list of "rights" in the constitution is not pretended to be a complete one. Rights of the people do exist that are not listed in the constitution. Marriage is one of those rights. Its the 9th amendment now? dang...well I guess your above comments are out. So the 9th amendment was created with some mysterious list of rights...which is contrary to what was said by many supreme court justices who say it is a substantive right. Ok...this just keeps getting better and better.  A consistency on my side, whereby my arguments have remained consistent over time. If by consistent you mean you wanting to always be right then yes, very consistent.  Actually, I have no problem with the states defining marriage in a CONSTITUTIONAL manner. It's when their definition VIOLATES the constitution that the courts must correct the mistake. If the definition is constitutional, then the state legislation definition stands.  A subtlety, but an important one. A fact you shouldn't misrepresent.So the state can make a definition so long as 5 outta 9 people agree in the supreme court...well how do they know what marriage means? Must have been a secret law class...  The state can SAY what "interest" they have put forth for justifying discrimination. The COURTS say whether or not the interest is "legitimate". Being majority vote does not make it "legitimate". Why is majority not legitmate ? What standard do you have for "legitmate"?  Steeeeve, if you want we can GO BACK AND EXAMINE their claimed "legitimate state interests" that they ruled on. Like the pretense of "procreation", when it's obvious that procreation is a standard applied SOLELY to gays and straight couples who can obviously NOT procreate are excluded.  We can go back and poke holes in their rulings if you like, and show why they aren't legitimate. And you can sit back and talk snidely about things without actually making an argument. So the judges opinion is just not good enough...you are the one that wants them to define "legitmate" and now you critise how they define it. If it isn't your definition then it just isn't right...is that the case?  ROFLMAO! And I suppose it's your position that the constitution agrees with you? Are you AGAIN criticizing me for something YOU YOURSELF are guilty of? On the contratary. The constitution doesn't agree with me all the time. I can admit this though and I just have to deal or get the law changed...we had an example of this on the abortion forums some time ago where massachusetts required stores to carry the abortion pill....clearly against that 100% but I can't find anything in the US constitution that forbids that.  I can point to court rulings which CLEARLY establish the rules and boundaries I am talking about. And I HAVE done precisely that. No doubt you can. These rulings came outta thin air. "lets make a test today"...yeah, no basis what-so-ever...just what the judge felt was a good idea. Take the "Lemon Test" we talked about awhile ago. It is used sometimes but then other times it is not used and then other times it is modified and then used...i mean where is the standard in that? Does no one know what the first amendment means or does it jsut keep changing?
The funny thing is that you seem to ALREADY UNDERSTAND the error you have made in trying to paraphrase my statements.  When I said "MARRIAGE benefits", of course I was talking about "with marriage". The word "marriage" was a qualifier for the phrase "marriage benefits".  I was not saying that the BENEFITS ALONE are rights. I've explained this in other posts. Posts I see you are conveniently NOT quoting...  It is positively hilarious how you understand what I ACTUALLY SAID, but you just want to disregard my ACTUAL STATEMENT as just "claim you meant" instead of what I ACTUALLY SAID.   Again, you present whatever is convenient even if you already understand that it is my position that I was not saying what you claim...  Wow, you tried to refute it after you realize you screwed up...what else is new.   The question you responded to was very clear and your response is clear....atleast be man enough to admit you were wrong.  When you say "protected under the 14th amendment as well" it doesn't mean "with".   Keep backtracking... its funny  When I talk about the 9th amendment, I am referring to how it ESTABLISHES THE EXISTENCE OF NON-ENUMERATED rights. Yes it does....it doesn't say they are protected by the constitution....but you try to somehow bring in the 14th amendment to say SOME rights can't be denied now....well, they can unless you believe in substantive due process which you do. The SOME rights is a list that is unclear  You claim the statements of "many supreme court justices", but are they a MAJORITY of the justices, or a MINORITY of the MUCH LARGER number of justices who clearly understood what our founding fathers were REALLY saying...They weren't saying marriage is a right protected by the constitution if that is what you are asking. You can look at the Lawerence v. Texas case or actually follow the court to see a majority of the justices use the word "liberty" in the 14th amendment to defend marriage, abortion, etc. Your refusal to actually follow the history of the constitution prior to 1950 is the reason you can't get beyond these mysterious rights in the 9th and 14th amendment. Atleast the justices on the supreme court admit they evolved into the constitution...you just claim they were always there...crazy  Your ignorance of legal history is not an argument.I'm not the one that finds rights outta no where.  The fact that the majority alone does not constitute "legitimate" is obvious. The reasoning just as obvious. The constitution repeatedly protects the rights of the minorities from the "tyranny of the majority". Yeah it does in some cases but that doesn't make a majority not a "legitimate" state interest.   As for "what standard", I would recommend you research for yourself at this stage of the game. I mean, I'm all willing to help educate your ignorance, which you are obviously displaying in snide comments left and right, but typical summary that I give on the issue of "state interest" is on another computer, and I lack the inclination to type a new one just so you can misrepresent and ignore it...Why can't you find a standard? It should be easy since everything you have is based on that. I did my homework, the "state interest" tends to be what the "evolving constitution" dictates. Look at Texas v lawerence...they found no state-interest because.....wait....oh, right, they didn't like the law as it was "unfair".   I'm working off the existing definition of "legitimate", which has a variety of portions. One of those portions is consistency and equality. Oh a definition of state interest. Where did it come from? OUT OF THIN AIR a state interest must include equality. The odd thing is your definition says "you can't not be equal unless you have a state interest which includes people being equal". In other words, everything fails your test. haha, keep drinking that kool aid...goes down smooth.  Same here, with the example I gave. We were both wrong. Isn't that refreshing? Or am I going to be the only one to admit it... Do you agree with the reasoning in the case or just the outcome (as based on how you see the law...obviously you don't like the outcome in a moral sense)?  The legal precedents establishing that marriage is a right go back for decades. The legal precedents establishing requirements for legitimate state interest in rights discrimination go back even further.  Once again, you FAIL to argue against the actual point. The actual precedents. Instead, just snideness, misrepresentations, and ignorance.precedent doesn't mean anything if it is wrong. The Loving case (one of the first living constitutional cases) was incorrectly reasoned....anyone with an orginial understanding of the constitution admits this and its in fact a critizism of it. At the time of Loving where did you get that right from? You can't claim precedent if you can't tell me how it orginally came about.
You just refuse to get this. The MARRIAGE benefits are "protected under the 14th amendment as well" BECAUSE they are associated with marriage. When not associated with marriage, they have NO 14TH AMENDMENT protections.  Ergo, if a man and a woman are married, and the law says that married couples must have duo insurance benefits, then an insurance company cannot come along and arbitrarily say that a white married couple qualifies, but a black married couple does not.  BUT, if a NON-MARRIED couple tries to apply for protection, THEY HAVE NO GUARANTEE if their benefit is applied for WITHOUT MARRIAGE.  All of this is consistent. I have been backing up EACH STATEMENT WITH EXAMPLES which should have helped explain it to you. It's you who refuses to accurately repeat what I am saying. You're desparate to try for any kind of contradiction, because you have no real argument otherwise... Anyone with a brain can see you contradicted yourself...sigh, there is no hope for you.  Coming from you, that's hilarious. Isn't there some little 14-year old girl, who happens to be a rape victim, that you want to pick on and call names?None that I know of.  The NINTH AMENDMENT ESTABLISHES that they are unclear. It EXPLICITLY states that there IS NO LIST of rights in the constitution that is exclusive. Some rights STILL EXIST which are not listed in the constitution.  Our founding fathers were not trying to make an exhaustive list, and they acknowledged they didn't in the 9th amendment. ok...but there must be some basis for you deciding marriage is one of these so called "rights". If there isn't a list I'd like to know where you got it from.  Like this: When I talk about the 14th amendment, I am referring to how it TREATS RIGHTS. When I talk about the 9th amendment, I am referring to how it ESTABLISHES THE EXISTENCE OF NON-ENUMERATED rights.  The 14th amendment, under the equal protection clause, PROTECTS RIGHTS. The really stupid thing about this discussion is that a LOT of what I am saying is not really debatable. This IS how the courts are applying these concepts.  But you're trying to turn confusion into an argument, because you've got nothing else... confusion? I'm not the one creating rights outta no where, applying them using a different amendment, claiming things NO JUSTICE CLAIMS and then saying someone else is confusing the post. Every right you claim is actually done using substantive due process and normally not your beloved 9th amendment.  Loving v Virginia BOTH repeated the fact that marriage is a right, and ALSO established that its thinking for its ruling was that it was protecting that right under equal protection by insuring that a legitimate state interest exists before discrimination can occur. So now the Warren court are the founding fathers? Atleast you admit your thinking starts in the 1950s.   1) Did it state explicitly that marriage was a right? 2) Did it use the fact that marriage is a right, and the 14th amendment, to rule that the Loving's right to marriage could not be denied and must be protected? So you think justices should create rights? I still don't recall Loving saying the "right to marry" is in the 9th amendment. "These statutes also deprive the Lovings of liberty without due process of law in violation of the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. "  I also disagree with that statement...but thats a different story
I do care about it, that is why I tried to explain to you that men and women are just plain old everyday people. Your man / woman concept of marriage illustrates a preoccupation with "the flesh", a conflict of interest to your spirit.  Your whole post misuses the quote button... I will respond if fixed (too confusing at this point)
Come on Jyoshu, Steeeeve, Jim, and Bassman just admit it you want to see gay people loose their homes, have their children taken from them, not be able to care for each other when one is sick, not be able to visit each other in the hospital, and not be able to make decisions for each other. Because by argueing against same sex marriage you are wanting these things to happen to gay people. Marriage gives gay people the legal protections they need.  You got it all wrong Matthew...I just wanna see you "loose" your home, have your children taken away, and you not be able to see "each other" when in the hosptial.  You thought this was about gay!? No way!! Just you.   It is actually a conspiracy with Jyoshu, Jim, Bassman, and myself. We all live in a big house out in Kansas where we go around the internet trying to "get" certain gay people.  See...I can make stupid posts too :)
Did you scare off that girl you were bullying? Haven't found any other 14-year old rape victims to bully? Too bad...OH her! haha, everyone bullied (sp?) her off after her ridicioulous posts. How do you know she was raped?   I have stated that Loving v Virginia establishes marriage is a right. So it wasn't a right before? The judges just decided to make it one? I will actually admit to this one that I am actually trying to find out if you are saying this...as "establish" can mean create.   "due process" is a legal concept we APPLY TO rights. "Due process" actually also creates some rights. Do you know what substantive due process is? (i'm asking this in a nice way...please don't take it wrong)  What the heck do the "founding fathers" have to do with this. You brought it up...that was my point...I didn't think they had anything to do with this.  Actually, I use "Loving" because of its multiple conveniences. They CITE PRECEDENT acknowledging the existence of marriage. OTHER CASES BEFORE which explicitly stated that marriage is a right. One other...that 1888 case doesn't say that really. So is marriage a constitutional right or just a regular right in your opinion?  3) And, as always, you try to distort and malign simple English to come away with bizarre conclusions as to what is being said. The "right to marry" is not "in" the 9th amendment. The 9th amendment acknowledges the existence of NON-ENUMERATED RIGHTS, which allows the courts to do away with any stupid argument that "marriage isn't in the constitution, and thus not a right". THAT is what the 9th amendment does.Yet they said the right was from the 14th amendment in the substantive rights in the word "liberty"....never the less, lets assume marriage is a right, the 14th amendment says these can be taken away with "due process"...why doesn't due process mean the democractic process set up in the constitution? Perhaps you think it can be subject to the democractic process. Your next argument would be "equal protection"(i assume) which is more valid than a substantive argument. In this case I would first like to ask you would it be ok (in your view of the constitution) if the states got rid of marriage all together? Afterall even Loving admitted the states have full power of marriage.   No. I think it's the same story. You two are playing an inane routine whereby you want to try and distort my position into a laughable farce... ... but here is something that I want to know about what you ACTUALLY believe. wait, you realize my quote was from the Loving case right? I wasn't "distorting" anything.   Do you think Loving v Virginia should have been decided so that the Loving couple's marriage SHOULD NOT be recognized by the state? I believe you may have already answered this, but I would love a refresher, also a straight answer for the viewing audience....I think the 14th amendment equal protection clause only deals with race in a strict way (it was one of the "slavery amendments" after all) and so the case should have just done the equal protection argument. They had it right when they said   "the fact of equal application does not immunize the statute from the very heavy burden of justification which the Fourteenth Amendment has traditionally required of state statutes drawn according to race."  So in conclusion, yes VA was wrong (as they normally are) and the Lovings should have been able to marry...but only on equal protection grounds.   Now lets assume no equal protection clause existed. I would have to say that VA could (sadly) ban interracial marriage. In other words I don't think the justices can say a law is unconstitional because it is morally wrong even though this clearly was a case of a morally wrong law.  I think this was an overall nice post :) please do one in return.
No Steeeeve. Not everyone. You did have company in your bullying, but I don't think anybody took it as far as you did.  I know she was a rape victim because she stated she was. Or is this another situation where you believe whatever is convenient for you, so it helps your cause? Yeah, I remember now...she did say she was. Her actions bring that into question but doesn't exactly make a difference in the situation. She asked for an opinion and then got mad when she received one she didn't like. Her claiming rape had nothing to do with anything.  You know Steeeeve, your endless questions demonstrating your IGNORANCE, by which you reply with PURE SPECULATION that is convenient, and you pretend that's an argument... ... that's pretty boring.  Loving v Virginia STATED that it was a right. They quoted PREVIOUS RULINGS which also explicitly stated that it was a right. They quoted PRECEDENT of other rulings which established it was a right.  Of course, you know NONE of this. YOu haven't even bothered to look at what I'm discussing. Instead, like your usual debating tactic, you argue out of ignorance and a desire to just say what is convenient for your stance.  And when I said "establish", I meant it as in "to prove". Like a man could "establish his innocence in a court of law". Not create. See, I try to make a nice post and you reply with insults...typical.   You are still avoiding my question though. Let me ask it in a more simple fashion. Was marriage a right in 1887?   Where did I bring up the founding fathers again? I discussed their intentions with the 9th amendment, ensuring that nobody in later generations tried to claim that the ABSENCE of a right in the constitution meant that the right was not protected. Is that what you're trying to misapply? Yeah, you think one of the "other rights" mentioend in the 9th amendment is marriage. You stated that this is what the founding fathers wanted...so do you believe the founding fathers wanted marriage to be one of those rights from the 9th amendment?   A fine example of how you insult even when I try to make a nice post.
Oh yeah. Because bullying a 14-year old girl, and bullying a 14-year old rape victim, is just the same to you...  if you want to call what I said "bullying" then yes, I would treat anyone that asked that question the same.   Of course her being 14 and a rape victim are meaningless to you. You just call her names anyways... And as for the "asked for an opinion" thing, I showed how your FIRST RESPONSE was insulting her, before she ever had a chance to react to the "received" replies.  You showed a great face for Christianity Steeeeve. I hope nobody comes away with discussing with you thinking that you are a typical Christian... Can you make a single post without an insult? Doubtful.  What if I am a rape victim? Does that mean you have to treat me differently?  My first post to her (in that topic) insulted all 14yr olds. If you wish to discuss this further you can do so on that forum thread.  Steeeeve, "nice" would be putting some effort into your posts to ACCURATELY PORTRAY my arguments... I asked a question! Is it impossible for you take a simple question as just that? You are unbelievable sometimes. This is why I called you what I did...and deservingly so.  If a tree falls in the woods with nobody watching, does it make a sound? Does a right to marriage exist in this country before anybody says that it's a right? Yes. Ok, then who created this as a right?  The 9th amendment acknowledges that rights exist that are not explicitly listed in the constitution. It seems your reasoning would establish that they aren't really rights until somebody says they are. It's precisely that line of thinking that the 9th amendment was created to counter. Fine, there are rights outside the constitution...who establishes these? How do you know "marriage" was one of these rights they mean't to have when writting the 9th?   Don't know. Don't care. haha, you are the one that thinks the 9th amendment means a right to marriage exists outside the constitution. Surely when they wrote that amendment they knew what they were doing.  emoticon_cry  Wasn't it you that called me a "d*ck" earlier? I think your post got pulled for that REAL insult. That was meant to be insulting...I admit that. You just do it no matter what. I was even going to be the bigger man and try and stop this nonsense with my last point but you continued to insult.   Tell me, is there a reason we should continue to even post to each other? Or are you just going to insult in every post no matter what?   My comments revolve around you not having knowledge on a subject. If you find that insulting, that you're own issue. If the moderator finds it insulting, he'll pull it. He/she pulls stuff that is reported normally. I have more knowledge on the constitution then you do it seems. You have no basis for decisions and no understanding of the history behind the document. This was clear when you discussed the 1st amendment and it is clear when you talk about the 9th and 14th amendment. It is also clear when you contradict yourself and then claim you didn't when called on it. You mask this by insulting people every chance you get and then change directions in posting to try and tear down the other person. The only reason I even post to you know is to give myself amuzement by reading such ridiculous claims and statements...but you probably knew that :)   Grow up Steeeeve. If you want to complain about "insults", then stop throwing them around yourself. I complain that this is all you do. You just can't stop. I'll probably get bored sometime soon and put you back on the blocked list...but for now I need a good laugh.
All I am seeing in your post is a bunch of contradictions...marriage is not a right from the 9th amendment before it was...perhaps its the 14th amendment now..who knows? It existed outta no where and was just uncovered by a judge some how (I suppose they could say anything was a right if thats the standard). You say you use the current legal precedent as your backing for what you say as if legal precdent is always right but then when someone quotes the 3 cases that upheld the ban you all of a sudden find this precedent to be incorrect.  Why can't you just give a straight answer about how the constitution guarntees a right to marriage for gay couples? You obviously believe it is beyond just an "equal protection issue" and that "marriage" is actually a right guarnteed by the constitution. If this is incorrect please say so but atleast answer me this ( I don't recal you answering it when I asked the first time) Can a state get rid of marriage all together? Furthermore, explain how a judge discovers a right that exists due to the 9th amendment? What criteria is used!? Your round-a-bout answers will just not due anymore...give it to me straight for once. Finally, explain why marriage gets to be defined by the court. Do you disagree with O'Connor in the Lawerence case?  The questions would certainly help if you wish to have a civil discussion about the constitution.
First of all, we are supposed to be introducing ourselves, not starting up a topic. But let me kill two birds with one stone here.  Hi everyone, I'm new here. And I love to debate. I got kicked out of one debate, because I won the debate on linguistics, and the girl got mad, because she lost, and banned me from the froum. Hopefully no one here is as immature as that. But anyway, thats my story, I'm glad to be here. And I'm ready to debate. And here is my first victim.  I'm against gay marriages. Why?! Because in order to mantain a healthy environment for children.(which they always seem to want to adopt) there has to be a healthy relationship. Now a child grows up, and sees two men/women dating eachother. That can confuse the child as to whether they should also be gay. It is not only harmful to the family environment, but also to society. And don't hand me that," My uncle is gay." Stuff. I had(he passed away) a gay uncle, have three gay cousins, and a gay aunt. Not my whole family is not gay, but it seems like I have quite a few in my family. Now I don't support what they do. Even though I love them because they are my family, I would not support them if they were to marry.
Wow - you win debates? Do you always use fallacies like these?  Yes I do win some. You want to try me?! I specified a specific debate that I won, if you wanna go head to head, then why not take me on in that linguistic debate challenge that I made. Since your so sure I don't win debates. If not, then lets not make assumsions on who can win a debate or not. Also, I'm in it because I love it. Not to win it, but on occation it dose happen.   1 - People don't decide to be gay. They simply are. Its one of those uncontrollables. There are plenty straight kids who were raised by one or more gay parents (my friends partner even has straight kids and even biological grandchildren), and there are a plethera of gay people who were raised by straight parents. Or are you saying Dick Cheney is really gay?  First of all I don't like politics, so talking to me about Dick Cheney is to no avail. I don't know anything about him. Second of all, can you find sources that back up your claim that people don't choose to be gay?! Because I'm not buying it. Its just like saying they were born gay. If a child is not born being able to speak, how dose it know to look at anothr boys diaper?! Come on! Theres one flaw in your statement. Being gay is a learned behavior, and a prefference.   Also, you are only quoting the people you know. They don't even make up 1% of the population of children that grow up with gay parents, or visa versa.  2 - Outside of the fallacy above you fail to explain how gay relationships are harmful.  I did so. I stated that it is harmful to rearing children. Read my posts carefully please.   3 - Not all marriages produce or adopt children. Not all children were produced by married couples. (The upshot of this being that marriage is one thing and parenting another.)  How can marriage be seperate from parenting?! Also polls have shown, that 95% of gay partners adopt children. They want to make their marriage complete by either, having a child, or adopting one.  And since we are whipping out fmaily ties. My son's father is gay - and I really don't think you want to go rounds with me on whether his influence has been positive, marvelous, miraculous and amazing or, to quote you, "destructive and confusing".  I think I hear a bell dinging!! Ding! Ding! Let the round begin. Your giving me the invite, and I'm willing to take it.  Now I'm not going to make any comments on your ex, or whatever he is to you. Because I don't know him enough to assume anything about him. But I will make general statements on the effects of gay marriages on children.  I have seen so many documents, on teens the are confused about their sexual orintation, because of living i the house with their gay parents. On girl wondered if she was gay because her mother was with another woman. She felt that was normal behavior. And started to concider being with girls herself. But was confused when she started to like men. She actually thought that liking men was abnormal. Until others told her it is normal to like men.  A boy had almost the same experience, he did not know if he too should like men, because his father did. Often he would fight back desires for females, because he thought he needed to be with men. Not only that by he was ridculed by classmates because of his father being gay.  Alot of children endure harassment because of living in a house made up of parents of the same sex. Just because it did not happen to your son, dose not mean that it dose not happen. And your experience is only a fraction of 1% of the experiences that children go through because of having gay parents. It is impossible to say that it dose not happen. If it dose not happen to a few, then thats fine. But the majority suffers, and that far outweighs the few that don't suffer because of having gay parents.
And what evidence do you have that having two gay parents would confuse a child about weahter they should be gay? Did you know that the same percentage of children that were brought up by gay couples turn out to be gay as children who are brought up by straight couples? I would say that  destroys your conception that the kid would be confused.  I know a number of people who were brought up by commited gay couples (admittedly not many), and not one of the ones I know turned out to be gay.  Pay attention. I already answered what your asking.
I asked you a question. Did you use fallacies in those that you won?  No I did not. I provided sources. Do you use fallacies? Since you ask me, it is only fair that I ask you. Just because you don't agree with me, dose not mean that I'm wrong, and using fallacies. That shows an immature attitude while debating.   His daughter is a lesbian.   His problem not mine.   Yeah, the hundreds of gay people I have encountered who told me it wasn't a choice. Did you choose to be straight? I sure didn't. As pesky as they are - boys turn me on. Well - boys and Angelina Jolie.  Big deal! I've encountered my share of ones who said they choose to be gay. So whats your point?! Because if thats what your basing things on, I'd say you lose. Because there are an equal amount who say, they chose it.  Hell yeah I chose to be straight!!( the curse was not meant at you personally.) And I'm happy about it too. And no, I don't find women attractive in the least bit. Not even dear old Angalina Jolie. I'm 100% about men, and choose to be.    It's not really for sale. Anyway, how/why it happens - nature/nurture is a hotly debated and undertimed.  I'm glad its not for sale. Because I'm not intreasted in buying it. And I know its highly debated. Just stating my stand on it.     What - did someone have to teach you how/when/where to be turned on? Who taught you to be straight? To look at boys?  I taught myself. Like gays teach themselves.    It's only a flaw if I agree with your conclusion. I do not.  I don't care if you agree or not. I'm not here to convince you. I'm here to state my views.    You ask me for studies and then offer no evidence yourself? Since we are all going on what we personally believe - I believe gay is not a choice because gay people told me so. Call me whacky, but I would assume they would know more about it than anti-gay heterosexuals.   Then you would be pretty confused when you meet the several gays that told me they chose to be gay. You made an assumption based on what only a few whom you met, know, are friends with, said. Now what are you going to do when you meet one who says differently?! I'm pretty sure the ones who told me they chose it, should know more about it then people who are straight too.   Outside of the fallacy above you fail to explain how gay relationships are harmful.   Well read this link, http://www.realwomenca.com/newsletter/2004_mar_apr/article_1.html   Why take my word for it when you can read it for yourself from professionals, professors, mental health studies, etc. This link also disclaims the links you have listed. Finding flaws in their studies. So thats my source, and thats my stand.  Never met childless married couples? Single mothers? You need to get out more.  Call me crazy but I thought that we were debating gay parenting and marriage. That is why I couldn't grasp why you were going into single parents, and seperating marriage from parenting. Since the discussion is about gay marriage and gay parenting. And whether I get out or not is no concern of yours, lets keep the debate formal.And comment on the statements and not the person making the statements. That can bring a debate down, when people start assuming things.emoticon_rolleyes    Many people feel that having a child will help make their lives complete. My son makes my life complete. Is this some sort of character flaw?  Its only one, if you make it one. I never said it was.    You really want to debate me about the affects of my personal experiences?   No thanks. I'll pass. Not really intreasted. I accepted your invite on the debate. Not your personal experiences.   My ex is not my son's father. My son's father is dear friend, spent many years as his mentor and adopted him in a second-parent adoption last spring. Just so you have the story right.  I'am really not intreasted in getting your personal story right. Because I'm speaking in general. Stating your business, is of no concern of mine. That is why I never made my statements personal towards you. Maybe you should chill on the personal information.     links?  How can I?! They were documentations on T.V about true life experiences.  If these tales are true (which I doubt) - sounds like they were raised by XXXXXX or kept in a box where they saw nothing of the world. Heterosexuality is hardly some big secret.  If thats how you feel, then so be it. Not my problem. I'm just stating what children have been through said. Your opinion is your own.  My son (not just some kid) MY SON is a pre-teen boy who spends half his time with his dad and his dad's partner and is absolutely aware that boys and girls like each other, too. He also has no trouble crushing on Beyonce Knowles.  I don't believe I refered to your son as," just some kid." And since I don't know his name, I probably said child. Actually, I don't believe I even mentioned him. You're the one speaking about him.  Well nice to know that about your son. But he could chose a better crush then beyonce, she is sort of trashy. Although I like her song," irreplaceable."   Oh it has happened. But that is not a problem with my son, me or his father - it is a problem for the pathetic hate-mongers who carried out the acts of harrassment.   Well I'm glad its no problem for your son. No child deserves to be harrassed.  Where are you getting these percentages from??? And its 'does', not 'dose'.  News channels. They covered the story not too long ago.  Wow! The sky is going to fall because I spelt does wrong. DOSE! OOOPS! Lock me up!  But why take my word for anything? Since we are talking about children, lets take a look at what pediatricians (the American Academy of Pediatrics) say.   No thanks! I'd rather not. My link above disclaims anything they have to say.  Huh - they say your wrong - just like I do! By the way the American Medical Association, the American Psychological Association, and the American Psychiatric Association all say you are wrong, too.  My link says your wrong too. And your source. S whos to say whos wrong?!  You should also check out the Colage websites. They are full of the stories, artwork, and experiences of children of gay parents - and they tell their story quite differently than you do.  Thats nice. But I'll pass.  And since we are correcting spelling. Its, "college" not, "colage".  Thank you and have a nice day.emoticon_rolleyes
First of all...let me congratulate Da King for getting a heated topic up and running in the Introduction forum...even though he never came back to it.   For the record, it was never stated originally that children were involved with the gay marriage. If you want to debate where children are involved, there are probibly plenty of threads on gay people adopting or maybe lezbian couples having one of the women getting artifically insiminated or something like that. Now yes, those are legitimate debates that can get people mad enough to argue...but here, an argument is being based upon an assumption... i.e. "Which they always seem to want to adopt." My argument here is that there was never anything mentioned in the first place about children being involved. The statement was that DaKing is for gay marriage because his uncle is gay. So why is the argument based upon how children will be affected when there was nothing mentioned about children in the first place?  I'm sorry if it seems that I've lead the debate into an off-topic discussion. I only mentioned my view of why gay marriages are harmful. Because once they marry, the couples choose to adopt or have children. That in my view can be harmful. And a reason that I would oppose gay marriage. And thats aside from the gay couples who do not marry and yet have children. So since the parent issue is off-topic. I will no longer debate about it on this thread.   Darn now I have to save my beautiful come back for another thread. Shoot!!
Why is it a problem?  Because of the standards I choose to live by. And that is my right. I'm not trying to change anyone else. If I see it as a problem, I can.  You said that children raised by homosexuals get confused about their sexuality. Most gay people have straight parents, including Dick Cheney's lesbian daughter. The comment was a funny way to poke a hole in that assertation.  Sorry I missed the humor. I'm sure it was a blast.    No, there are not an equal amount who claim they chose to be gay. Frankly, I also don't believe your claim that any have told you that they did. Of, course I can't know that, but I though I would let you know that I don't believe it.  Nope of course you can't. You can choos not to believe it. Fine with me. It just seems to me that you have a one diamentional mind.     A also found this - which is just funny.  Reasons to choose to be gay: 1) To become rejected by society. 2) To have multiple groups against myself. 3) To raise risks of being physically harmed. 4) To raise risks of being mentally harmed. 5) To have less rights in the states. 6) To risk losing family support. 7) To risk losing friends. 8) To risk losing chances at good jobs. 9) To get flamed for being a flamer. 10) To be a large target for rude jokes. 11) To be described as animals to others. 12) To be talked about as things among the law. 13) To raise my chance of being lead toward suicide. 14) To lose my chance at a rightful marriage. 15) To hide myself from everyone else.  Now thats just sad. I don't find it amusing.     If you had to choose, talk yourself into finding men hot - you probably aren't straight.   Have you ever heard of a thing called sarcasim?! What I stated was mild sarcasim. Don't try to push that lifestyle on me. By making such statements. I'm not the one turned on by Angelina Jolie. I question how straight you are. Women never were and never will be attractive to me. I have breast, she has breast. Big deal. Show me something I don't see everyday.emoticon_rolleyes Bottomline is...*Drum roll please* Men!! They get my vote. Expecially chinese men!!     Obviously. But how much weight do you think an obviously anti-gay, straight girl's stand on what it is to be gay actually holds?  Just because I'm straight does not mean that I can't voice my stand. Whether some agree I have a strong stand or not, dose not bother me in the least bit. Voicing my stand, is the only concern of mine.   Not me. I just noted one day that guys were cute and got me excited.  Same here. But with me I never had to notice one day. I had already known they were sexy.   I am almost 40, have known gay people since I was child, have talked to many hundred of them on the topic, have read their accounts in newspapers, magazines, forums like this, as well as other places on the internet. I have never encountered a single gay person claim it was choice. Not one. Never. I provided links to some examples. Go talk to the gay people in this forum. Try to find me an example that isn't tied to ministry. Just a regular, actively gay person. I dare you.  Find a gay person, and ask them questions?! You dare me?! OOOOH I'm shaking. I probably won't be able to sleep tonight because you dared me.  Plus, you are 40, not 400. So I doubt that you talked to all of the gay people in the world. You made a bold statement about doubting that they said they chose the lifestyle. You have no right to assume that. Unless you personally talked to all of them, in order to find this information out.  I read it. It is a women's website based out of Canada that according to its own objectives strives to "promote, secure and defend legislation which upholds the Judeo-Christian understanding of marriage and family life". Its a religious site. Furthermore the article you provide lists all kinds of numbers and stats and vague names of where the data is from, but does not adequaltely cite its sources (name, author, year, etc.) so that the information can even be verified. I would be willing to bet most of it was pulled off of religious websites. My links were to/about valid medical and phsychologial organizations.  Names of professors, and such are not vague. I think I'll stick to agreeing with my link, and you can agree with yours. Since that is my right.     No. My story falsifies your position. I will not shut up about or lie about it for your's (or anyone's) comfort factor.  No one told you to lie. I believe I said, I'm not intreasted in your experiences. About what role your sons father plays is not important to me. And thats all I'm saying. And if you believe it falsifies it, then fine. No skin off my back.   Mistress of the obvious.  You quoted somethings that were obvious yourself. Give me a break here. lol  The reason I said "my son" is because your stories were around some "kids you saw (on on TV)" - strangers to you. I was emphasizing that my story is personal - that is all.  Just because they were not people I know. Dose not mean that they were not real experiences.    I can't stand pop music at all. I do not know her character so I will also not judge her. My son is 12 - he is crushes because she is pretty.  Let him see her without her make-up. He will change his mind. lol   He has been harassed. I am saying that the flaw is not with his family, but rather, the harassers. Just wanted to make sure I was clear.  Even though I don't approve of gay marriages, and parenting. I don't think that any family should be harassed. On any level. You made mention that my views cause harm. No they don't. It is only when you choose to act on them, is when it causes harm. And not before. I don't agree with the lifestyle, for alot of reasons. But I have never disrespected anyone who is gay. So maybe the problem dose lay with the people who harassed your son. To disagree is one thing, to harass someone is another.   What news channels?  NBC,ABC, and FOX  No. Generally typos don't bug me, but that one kept coming up so I thought I would point it out to you.  Gee thanks!! It changed my life!! Not really.emoticon_rolleyes    No, it doesn't.  I believe it dose. But because it's off topic, I'll save all of my other comments on this topic for another time.
What are you talking about?! Gay marriage has been legalized in a couple of states already. You should have checked that out before replying here. I think its like 4 states, I think Arizonia is one of them. Ones who want to marry go to these states and marry. Thats what I'm talking about. And because it was stated that the child issuse is off-topic. I did not look at your link, and will not respond according to that topic.
The concept of a gay family makes me a little uncomforatable, but I can't formulate any logical arguements to support marrige segregation. By default, I am a supporter of gay adoption. Any two loving people can bring up a family just fine.  As for marrige, it began as a religious institution, but has been ingrained into American society as a cutural union. Gay people deserve the right to recognition in front of the world as a couple, as a partnership.  Spicygirl is more uncomforatable with gay couples than i will ever be, and that will never change. i would bet money she hasn't figured out her sexuality just yet. That aside, there is NO logical argument to deny gays rights. if you have one, I would love to hear it.  I'm back!! Had to re-visit the real world. Anyway, how is it that you say I'm confused about my sexuality, because I don't approve of gay marriage?! That is weak! People always claim things like that when they have nothing else to say. I'm straight as hell, and you really don't know me engough to say diffrently. But you on the other hand must be confused.
Now I can't let this one pass. It seems my first post in a forum is always a response to a thread like this.  I promise you my 14 yo son is anything but confused. He seems hellbent on making a grandfather out of me before he graduates high school, in fact.  And you'll have a hard time convincing me that being gay is harmful to society. Being hateful is (don't get me wrong--I'm not trying to imply you are being hateful). Most of my online friends are straight and against gay marriage. All of my moderators are, in fact. :)  Most of my friends IRL are straight, too. Many of them were unsure of me at first, but they've gradually come around to the idea that I don't represent any sort of threat.   Now that that's out of the way, I'd better go post a hello thread....emoticon_xhoho  Look, I didn't mean to offend you. I was just stating my case. I only said, that gay marriage is harmful to society because, its, like telling people that the original purpose for a man and a women joining together in union is a joke. And people tend to feel like its ok to go ahead and take marriage out of the range that it was intended. But that is my view. But I hold no negitive feeling towards you. In the end, people are people, with the same feelings, and hardships as anyone else.
Jitobear- You're very wrong. My opinions do not harm anyone. You gave an example of a Mr. Johnson telling Tommy that gay people are bad, so Tommy stuffs garbage down your sons throat. I would think that is the fault of the Mr. Johnson who said those things, and letting tommy carry out the actions.  Don't you dare say that you're holding me responsible for any hurt people put your family through because of a gay issue. That is not my problem. My opinions don't hurt, because I don't go around telling my 5 nephews that gay people are bad, and I don't allow them to make fun of gays or anyone else for that matter. So therefore my opinons don't hurt, because they are not put into action. So instead of you pointing a finger at me, you need to point it where its due. Because your blaming the wrong person. And if you let your family be hurt by my stand on gay marriage, then you need to hold yourself accountable, and no one else. I will not take the blame for what others have done, because I don't practice what they practice. But I will hold true to the stand I have made, without any sort of guilt, or confusion as to my sexuality. You have to come to terms with the fact that not everyone will agree to gay marriages, despite all the gay rights going on.  BTW, you did not only say Jolie was hot, you said she turned you on, refer to your above posts. Its one thing to say another female is pretty. Its another to be turned on by it. Sorry but I couldn't let that one slide.emoticon_rolleyes
The concept of a gay family makes me a little uncomforatable, but I can't formulate any logical arguements to support marrige segregation. By default, I am a supporter of gay adoption. Any two loving people can bring up a family just fine.  As for marrige, it began as a religious institution, but has been ingrained into American society as a cutural union. Gay people deserve the right to recognition in front of the world as a couple, as a partnership.  Spicygirl is more uncomforatable with gay couples than i will ever be, and that will never change. i would bet money she hasn't figured out her sexuality just yet. That aside, there is NO logical argument to deny gays rights. if you have one, I would love to hear it.  Marriage never began as a religious institution. It started as a cultural matter millenia ago between man and woman. Religious blessing was merely reinforcing it
The Tommy story happened to my son - I just changed the names. I know "Tommy's" parents. They are like you, they would never openly make fun of gay people or condone Tommy's actions. They just politely disapprove. What do you think Tommy hears when those around him, or at church politely cut down gay couples and families - say it is against God, nature or bad for children or society? Everytime anyone speaks as such, they do my family damage. Everytime they even politely and academically tell us that gays are not worth of marriage or parenting or protection from discrimination in house/work (hate laws) you contribute to an environment that makes it justifiable to target gays, and even their children. You don't have to be Fred Phelps to be part of the problem. And don't you ever you ever tell me what to feel on a matter or whether I can voice it. I will not walk on eggshells for your prejudice and I will do far more than speak what I see, speak my experience, to protect my son.  And don't you ever tell me what I should feel in terms of whether I should accept gay marriage or not. The fact that you have a problem with people politely disagreeing is like saying we don't have the right to disagree. And if we do we are doing harm, and are hateful people. It is YOU, who seems to be prejudice, and YOU who seems to be hateful. You can't take it that there are people who just don't agree with gay marriage. WELL GET OVER IT!! I don't agree!! And I'm not about to sit here and take the blame for someone else doing, or saying hurtful things to gay people. I would rather have my opinions, and poliely disagree, then go around gay bashing, and insulting people. You feel you have the right to express your views, what the hell makes you think I don't have the right to express mine?! And I will not walk on eggshells because of your prejudice towards people who don't agree with that lifestyle. Plus, you only have your sons father who is gay. I have family members, who are gay. And I worried about people gay bashing my uncle all the time. Why would I be apart of something that would harm my family as well. YOUR family is not the only one who suffers. So YOU can cut the XXXX, about who is hurting YOUR family. I don't agree with gay marriage piont blank. If you think I'm hateful, then go right ahead!! I really don't give to shakes of a rats rusty backside!! I have the right to agree or disagree. The only time it hurts your family is if I was right there gay bashing, and on the news. I'm not taking any responsibility for anything that happens to your family because of gay issues. Plus I don't even know you. But it seems like you go overboard and think that everyone wants to attack YOUR family!! Goodness forbid that someone doesn't like the same ice cream flavor as you, all of a sudden they are harming your family because they don't like the same ice cream your family likes. Get a life honey and stop taking things so personaly that you feel everyone is out to get you just because they don't agree with you. You talk about hate, but you replaced the so-called hate that you fight against, with your own kind of hate. Hate towards those who don't agree with that lifestyle. So if I'm accountable for something, then so are you. You help hate circulate by harboring it in yourself, towards those whom you feel it is justified. Disagreeing is not hateful, but using hate to fufill what you beieve is right is. And hateful is also hating those who don't agree with you, by saying they are part of a problem. I see a problem when I read the anger you have towards people who disagree. That is part of a big problem that you ar accountable for. I rest my case, regardless of whether you like it or not. In life, things don't always go the way we want it to. You should know that being 40 years old. But still you whine when someone disagrees with you, another big problem.    I wasn't asking you to let it slide, nor do I make excuses for it. Angelina is that hot - and she just might be able to convince to take a walk on the other side. I've heard gay men say the same about her. It's half in jest. The kind of comment those of us secure in our sexuality aren't threatened by. I can say/think she is that hot and still know I am straight and not even worry about whether you think I am or not. Hell go ahead and assume I am a raging XXXX, I'm not, but I am not offended by your thinking so. I find the possibility of you thinking me a lesbian about as offensive as I do you thinking I wear a size nine shoe vs. size ten.  You on the other hand assumed my little comment about Angelina was me questioning YOUR sexuality.   I am not the insecure one here.  I'm not even going to dignify this with an answer. I'm done with you and this whole debate topic. You're too high strung and personal. It makes a debate very annoying in my book. So whatever you say from here on will fall on deaf ears, I'm not even coming back here to listen to you. How boring!*Sigh*
Wrong, wrong, wrong. The key word in all the examples is "gay".     Hurt doesn't always happen through physicial violence. Any minority who has experienced the pyschological sting of discrimination or bias knows this. I am sure I will be mocked by some here, who have no clue, for posting this and essentially be accused of whining. So be it, keep your head buried in the sand.   None of it is good. Acts of violence as well do no occur in a vacuum, but as the result of thinking the targeted group is somehow less than others. This is in identity real or perceived and its expression. People who are just perceived to be gay are often targeted for violent hate crimes. Clearly that is not a disagreement with sex actions. I would not say those who say that gay relationships are morally wrong or inferior to correct straight ones, are directly responsible. It is seldom, if ever, left at that. People then have to invent reasons for the inferiority based on scapegoating, lies, misinformation, generalizations, suspicion and fear. They must try to convince others the group in question is a threat to society and to its valued and respected institutions.  I disagree, with you. Alot of times people do just disagree and leave it like that. If as many people who just silently disagree, turn around one day, and start to act like the ones commiting hate crimes. Then gays would really have something to worry about. But since some people would rather just disagree, there is only a small precentage of people who commit crimes, instead of what it could be.  With me, I disagrre. But that does not mean it won't stay that way. That does not mean, in the long run I'm going to run up and hurt someone who is gay. So your statement is wrong!!
Would you mind proving that statement?  Or, in your own words... "If you are going to make that accusation, you need to pony up and prove it." ***Jyoshu  Because quite frankly, "most people who oppose gay marriage" do so because they oppose gays. Most people who oppose gay marriage oppose ANY form of gay union recognition. If you actually LOOK at the organizations which are the heavy hitters when it comes to gay marriage opposition, like "FOF", "AFA", etc, etc, etc... They DO harp on gays being a problem, or even a threat, to children in being raised, society in general, etc, etc, etc...  Quite frankly, your claim of "most" is just plain b.s. It's just plain untrue. MOST people who oppose gay civil unions also oppose gays on other issues which are not "marriage" related.  But today we are talking about marriage arrangements. And right now Jyoshu, is talking about how people who silently disagree, do not say things about gays being bad. We just disagree. She can prove it because I'm another one who does not say that. It's funny how the INSANE Jitobear, it trying to take away straight peoples right to have an opinion, while trying to defend her own. And you're just like her. I would suggest you all stop worrying about who silently disagrees with you, and start worrying about those who are violent. Because just like you won't stop having your views, I DAMN sure am not going to stop having mine.
What are you talking about?! Gay marriage has been legalized in a couple of states already. You should have checked that out before replying here. I think its like 4 states, I think Arizonia is one of them. Ones who want to marry go to these states and marry. Thats what I'm talking about. And because it was stated that the child issuse is off-topic. I did not look at your link, and will not respond according to that topic.   Nope Arizona is not one of them. We did not pass the gay marriage amendment to ban gay marriages but it is still not one where it is legal.  Huck
Oh do tell me how I am trying to prevent you from having an opinion!? Thats rich. Have your stupid and wrong opinion all you want. Just know I will point it out for what it is when you voice it (stupid, mean, hateful, wrong, unjust, ugly, foul, you get the picture).  That is the very reason I called you a bigot. Because you have a preconcieved idea, about people who hold a different opinion then yourself. So No, I'm clear about the definition. Hello!! It doesn't only go for color, it also goes for anything that someone is prejudice against.   Anyway - you are missing the point. We are well aware that most who disagrees with gay marriage, or even who all-out hate gays aren't likely to engage in acts of violence. We are saying however, that your quiet disagreement - although, yes, you are entitled to it - isn't harmless. It hurts. And it does help those who do engage in violence justify their actions.  Disagreement does not justifiy violent actions. So it is you who seems to be misunderstanding something. I'm not going to go out and change the way I look at life, just because you feel it is harmful. There are people out there that think liking the number 13 is harmful. Is it?! No, but thats something conjured up only in thier mind. Kind of like you conjuring up silly things just to prove some obsurd point. Let me give you another example, since you used blonds, then lets take another look at it. There are alot of people who disagree with blond as a good hair color. I don't see people doing hate crimes on people with blond hair. Some just disagree with that hair color. So disagreeing is not harmful. And you are the one that brought that point up. You said that silent disagreeing is harmful. Well thats your opinion. I think that mindframes like yours is harmful.   And, do get up. You just tripped over your ego, My thinking, wait, KNOWING you are dead wrong about gays, gay parents and gay marriage and saying so is not an indicator of my sanity.  Get up from where?! I never fell. Maybe in your eyes, but not in mine. And that is what counts. I feel no shame in what I believe, regardless of whether you like it or not. So maybe you need to either get up yourself, or stop seeing things.    Well you said you weren't going to debate the topic anymore - I assumed you were conceding.  I said I'd stop commenting to your posts. But what the heck, I'm still doing it.    And I label you a one eyed one one horned flying purple people eater.  Real cute! How intelligent. Thanks for the compliment.emoticon_rolleyes    I am happy to continue defending my opinion and those I care about. My head is fine. But if you can't take it, I understand.  And I'm happy to defend mine. It is you who can't take someone disagreeing with you. I'm sick of the whole," You're hurting my family speech." But handling you is a walk in the park. But also very annoying. I'd bet you'd be nothing if you didn't have your son, and family to keep throwing into the pot. Stop hiding behind them and start doing the debate on your own.    I am in a debate forum. I expect them disagree - hence my being here arguing my points and stuff.  LOL!! And thats why you can't even take a silent disagreement.(and stuff?) LOL   I do not. But anti-gay rhetoric is harmful to his father, his family, etc. I even gave you an example of how it has manifested harm in his life.  And I'm most sorry for that. But will not take responsibility for it. But I dislike anyone who is harming him physically, and mentally.    He is living the debate, sunshine. I know nobody in here has attacked him. However there are people - LIKE YOU - in here who supprt ideas that do cause him harm. Hence my fighting said ideas. Really - this isn't rocket science.  First of all my username is not sunshine.emoticon_rolleyes Like I said, I'm not goning to feel guilty for holding my own opinion. And I'm not taking the responsability for any harm done to your son. I don't even know you or him, and before I started posting here, you did not know my views.So they were not harmful to you or your child. So like they say, what you don't know won't hurt you. But what does not kill you, makes you stronger. So you'll have to either be stronger because of people not agreeing to that lifestyle, or you can let it eat you up inside. But whatever course you take, or don't take. YOU and ONLY YOU!! Are responsiable for it. Blaming others for something that happns to you, is your fault. Not excluding the ones who commit hate crimes. But the fact that you don't like my stand, and how its affecting you. Is your problem not mine.    And I see a little girl with little to no life experience, minimal education and much more of a reactionary attitude to opposition than me.  And this from a 40 year old who can't take others point of view without saying it is harmful. And who ends her statements with," And stuff." Come on! Does that seem like a reliable source to you?! Let me answer that...NO!! Good try, but not good enough. And just because I don't have as much experience with gay lifestyles, does not mean I don't have life experience. Gay life, is not the only lifestyle out there. So yes, as far as that gose, I'm proud I don't!     ]I can talk now. Any interruption will be on your part - not mine.  HUH?!
Please, you can't really hurt or offend me. I've had way more XXXX heaped on me than you could ever dish out. I'm just pointing out that there are exceptions to your worldview. I don't think for a second that I'm going to change your mind. I gave up on that kind of stuff long ago.  The only way I could change your mind was if you lived in my neighborhood and saw me and my partner and kid living our lives unapologetically every day and could see with your own eyes we aren't harmful, confused or lacking in morals. I've changed a whole hell of a lot of minds that way. :D  (I actually have managed to change a couple minds in a political forum--but that's rare)   Hey! No need to get nasty buddy. I wasn't dishing anything out at you. But if you think that voicing my opinion is dishing something out at you, then so be it.emoticon_rolleyes  Also, I live where a gay couple is downstairs from me. They are great guys, who have a wonderful personality. I talk to them everytime I get a chance, and still my opinion has not changed. So seeing your family won't change my mind.
Same with me. Some with MOST people, I suspect. But when people with whom you disagree with act as if the distinction (that you pointed out) doesn't exist, it does the debate no good whatsoever, as I'm sure you've noticed.  Yes I've noticed that. My goodness! Some people on here feel as if you don't agree with their viewpoint, then you are part of some huge problem. Talk about a one track mind! At least we're on the same page. Even though we don't see eye to eye on the adoption issue.
I know what a bigot is. I am just curious as to what you are basing your accusation of calling me one. I have an opinion about gay people, relationships, and parenting. You have an opinion about gay people, relationships, parenting. Our opinions are not the same. If I am bigot for disagreeing with your opinion than you must be a bigot, too.  No, You're a bigot for classifying me. I never said your views were, ugly, stupid, hateful, etc. I just disagreed with them. Classifying something, or someone, is walking along the lines of being a bigot. At least in this instance. You classify people who don't agree with that lifestlye as hateful. That is prejudice. Expecially since I'm not a hateful person. I just disagree with that lifestyle. Meaning< I'm not going to practice it, and I'm not going to support it. If thats what they want to do, then fine. But I don't support it. If thats hateful, then you need to look up the word hateful again. Let me.....  HATEFUL 1. Arousing or worthy of hatred.deteastable.  HATE 1. An extreme feeling of dislike, animosity.  I don't fit into any of these definitions. So before you keep calling me hateful, you better think about it first. You don't know me enough to say I'm hateful. And none of my statements here have shown that I'm hateful towards gays. If I was hateful towards them, I would condone gay bashing. I wouldn't be ready to entertain my gay cousin and his friends this weekend, when they come and visit. And I wouldn't be so kind to my gay neighbors downstairs from me. SO!! That is why I called you a bigot. You took a word and tried to push it on my, because you are prejudice against any who disagree with gay marriage. Whether it makes sense or not. Bigots do that. They don't think about it, they just lash out, at anyone who does not fit into their mindframe, color, etc. And thats what you did.   I would like to remind you that this started when you stated that gays raising children was bad for children and society. That wasn't preconception - its something you actually said. When it comes to gays and raising kids - one of us here has actual real life experience - and yet you hold steadfast to your opinion and accuse me of having preconceived ideas.  Yup That is what I said. BUT, I'm talking about your continuing to call me hateful because I disagree. You have a preconcieved idea, about people who disagree with you. You set them all up in the same class as the ones, who outwardly oppose gays. That is a preconcieved idea. And a fallcey. And trending on the lines of saying people cannot have an opinion without being hateful.    What I am saying is that it helps those who would carry out violence carry justify it to themselves.  Again that problem lays with the ones who carry out the crimes. If they can't distinguish between, mere disagreement, and justification of their actions. Then they have the distorted view. They have the problem with brain patterns working correctly. The problem STILL does not rest with the ones who disagree, and do nothing more. To say that is a fallcey.     No, I'm not. I am disagreeing with you on whether or not silent disagreement helps create a hostile environment for gays and gay families. Disagreeing with you does not denote a misunderstanding on my part.  Its a misunderstanding when you quote someone wrong, and misuse words against them it is. Me being part of a big problem, is a misunderstanding you choose to accept. Although I could care less.    Would if it actually was proven to be harmful?  Then you be the one to prove it to be harmful. And don't quote articals that are based on people who are outwardly, claiming gays are bad. Find a source that shows, without a doubt, that disagreeing is what is helping people commit violent crimes. People who respectfully disagree, still help create gay violence. And lets not use any WHAT IF'S.    That idea that discrimination is harmful is not an absurd point.   No, but your assumptions are.   OK - lets continue this example. Lets say we have a room full of brunettes. A couple of them think blondes are just fine. Most think blonde is not a good hair color. That blondes are bad for society. That blondes are bad parents. That blondes shouldn't get married. About half think that it should be OK to discriminate against blondes in housing and employment. Only one thinks that blondes should die. In walks a blonde and his/her child/family.   Lets make it more personal. Lets take the same room - only its not blondes they have a problem with - its you. Is it a place you would feel safe? Is it a place you take your neices/nephews?  If it was me. No I would not feel comfortable. And being black, I do get discriminated against. And people will choose lighter skin over darker when it comes to chossing someone for a job. But you know what?! I really don't care. Because I feel this way, ones who are activly discriminating against me, are the ones to blame. Ones who don't want to give me jobs because I'm black, and ones who want to harm me because of my color. They are the ones to blame. But the ones who silently disagree, then I could care less. As long as they are not getting in my way. They can have their opinion. And as long as they don't harm me physically, then feel what you want to feel. It won't stop me. If a person is self-confident as they say they are, they wouldn't worry about ones not doing them harm by disagreeing. They would only worry about those who, actively stand in their way. I don't stand in anyones way. I disagree, and as long as no one is trying to force me into what I don't like. Then I usually keep it to myself. But since this is a debate forum, here I go...   You do the math on what silent disagreement may do to a family.  I already did if you read my reply up top.   I bet.  I bet you do. You wanna keep playing the game of who bets?!emoticon_rolleyes   It was no more inane than your labeling me INSANE. By the way, did I mention I am a part-time mental health worker in Dakota County, MN?  Not saying that your really insane. But what does that prove. Plenty of shrinks/mental health workers have lost their license because off doing things that are mentally unfit. A postion in life proves nothing now-a-days. Its just a postion. Although I don't think you are really insane, just some of your statements.    And you have been example of tolerance in those who disagree with you? Hell - not sharing your point of view makes one a bigot!  No, but crazy statements do.   I would support gay rights regarldess. I supported them before I was ever even pregnant. I just happen to have relevant life experiences that pokes holes in your opinions.  Not really. You still didn't settle that silent disagreeing argument.   And how about not making assumptions about who I am, can be, will be, was? You know my stance on a single issue. That hardly makes you an expert as to my character.  I never judged your character. I was refering to your statements, and what your argument was based on. Connect the dots here!!    Lighten up.  Only if you do.:)    And what do you suppose saying his family is bad for society does for his mental health?  I'm sure your going to tell everyone. Anyway, having my opinion respectfully, is not harming him. He doesn't even know I exisist. Big part my views are playing in his life.emoticon_rolleyes    I have been through holy hell and back - I really don't need this lesson from you.  If you're on here talking to me you will, hear it. The only way you won't have to hear what I'm saying, is if you stop talking to me. Until then I will speak my mind, regardless of whether you think you want to hear it or not. Lesson 1.- If you speak to people, they usuallt talk back. And might even say things you don't want to hear, or already know.emoticon_rolleyes   Or I can continue to argue with those I believe to be wrong. And I can continue to dismantle false arguments used to justify your opinion. My options are much broader than put up or shut up.  I never used a put up or shut-up attitude. So what are you talking about?! Unless you're telling me to put-up or shut-up. In that case it will be choice number three, and that is," Ring the alarm, baby!!" *Joke*    I was responsding to a comment you made about me. I am the expert on me.  I'm not claiming anything personal towards you. So I guess you would know yourself more, then a stranger would. No arguments there. But I know the stuff that I see written down, thats what I attack.     Somebody's insecurities showing again? Who said anything about gay lifestyle? First of all - what is a gay lifestyle? There is just life. Secondly - I said I believed you had limited life experience - it was meant to be a comment on the fact that I believe you to be very young.  Isn't it, gay lifestyle that we are discussing here?! Gay marriage etc.? So that is what I assumed you were alluding to. And judging from your comment at the bottom, that is what you are saying. So for which I'm saying, I'm not ashamed I don't have experience as far as knowing about that lifestyle. I know enough about it. Plus my age is not an issuse. I know what I'm talking about, and what my stand is. So being young has nothing to do with it.(That may sound hypocritical, since I made comments about yor age. Oh well your allowed one)   Its interesting that you claim having little or no interaction whith the "gay lifestyle" (those who are alive and gay???) and are even proud of that. You basically announce your ignorance on the matter and yet still feel qualified to make judgement calls about these people and their families? What were you saying about preconceptions?  I know poison kills, and never drank it. I know in china they speak chinese, and never been there. I know how a gun works and never held one. So your point is?! I know about gay life from, people around me. Just because I'm not in it, does not mean I'm ignorent to it.  By the way - I'm not gay. Didn't say you were.
Well I didn't mean to be such a bitch, because you weren't talking to me, but stating an opinion. I don't know if you realize how hearing that so much and so often can make a person feel. In my mind this is what I heard: "You are harming your kid and society at large by doing what feels right and natural to you. I still remember vividly having a violent, homophobic jerk for an upstairs neighbor a few years ago. He used to alternate between beating his girlfriend and (trying) to intimidate us. She used to holler hateful XXXX at us too, come to think of it. So anyway, I can be a bit sensitive at times, I admit. I apologize if I said you were personally dishing out XXXX at me.  Thats ok dude! We all have our, bite your head off moments.LOL :) That upstairs neighbor was a jerk. He couldn't even take care of a woman right. So he really shouldn't have been saying anything about someone else. And I don't know why she was talking! She had other things to worry about. Like not getting her head bashed in.emoticon_rolleyes They were both just fools.  A guy here bothers the two guys downstairs form me. He even peed on their welcome mat. He also broke into their car and messed it up really bad. And then shot at the door of the car. They had to get a new one. And not only that, he threated their life. They are thinking about moving. I think that is taking an opinion too far. That is just nasty!!   You didn't say they had any kids, so I'm going on the assumption (yeah I know) that they don't have any. So if your upstairs neighbors adopted a kid, or one of them had a kid from another marriage, you would think they were harming the child and society?  They have a daughter. And no, I don't agree with it. I think that a child should grow up in a home with a mother and a father. A mother is nurturing, and has a special bond with a child. While a father is more of a protector. I just believe in the balance of a mother and father. I don't think its healthy, from my standpoint to have two people, of the same sex raising a child. To me there is no balance. I know some will disagree. But that my unwavering stand on it.   Would you tell them that? Actually, I'm sort of curious. No one here in this community has ever said anything like that to us, but sometimes I wonder how they really feel.  I don't know how they feel. But no, I would not tell them that. Its not my place to tell them that. That is not my business to go up to them and say nasty things. Like I've been saying all along. I don't agree, but I'm not going to harass, those who do pactice it. I just won't practice it, or support it. I'll just live my life according to the standards that I go by. And treat all humans with respect. Anything else?! I'll answer more questions.lol
Do you have any sort of evidence to support your views? Or are they just that: your views?  Did I stutter?! Or are you having problems reading?! Read it again, and you answer that.
While I haven't stated it before (and haven't really been involved in this discussion until recently), I'll do so now. I also don't "blame" those who JUST "silently disagree" for violence against gays.  Is this your statement?! Because it is saying exactly what me and Jyoshu have been saying all along. Now you say its different because Jyoshu used the term,"respectful disagreement"? Respectful disagreement is silent disagreement, they can be used interchangeably.  So now you change your claim, and say it is harmful?! That is a contidiction. Plus, you all of the examples you gave, were not respectfu/silent disagreement. Anyone who speaks publicly, against anyone, is not silently/respetfully disagreeing. Having an opinion about something is in no way harmful. Because that is what a silent/respectful disagreeen is. Just like you say you have an opinion about gay marriage. So do others. Other people can argue that you views/opinions are harmful. Do you stop having them?! No.
I'm going to have to agree with Jyoshu, every sentence does get picked to death here. And this debate can go on for months, and nothing will change. Because some people think that no one should be able to say, or think in a way that is contrary to how they think you should feel when it comes to gay marriage. And I'm just not feeling that. I have my opinion about the situation, and I'm not going to feel bad about it. If people who support gay marriage can speak about it, why is it they we can't lend our opinion RESPECTFULLY, without being judged?! I think it is hypocritical, to feel you can speak out, and judge others who say their opinions respectfully. Why should anyone have the right to judge others because of what opinions they hold.  It was brought out that what if people thought blacks were ghetto, gang bangers, and some other stupid XXXX. How would I feel?! Well they already do, and I really don't give a damn. Like I said before, as long as they don't get in my way, so be it. Let them say what they want. As far as my stand goes, I'm unwavering. I still do not support gay marriage. Nothing said on this thread will change that. So even if people pick this post apart, I will still feel the same way. I will not change my stand for anyone. The only thing gays can expect from me, is the same respect I give anyone else. But they will not have the privilege of changing my mind. I respect every and anyone, while holding my own opinion. That is all I can offer. If anyone is not happy with that, then they can have my disrespect as opposed to my respect. Since that is all I will extend. In this issuse I will agree to disagree. Because there are other debates that I'am intrested in taking part of. I've already spent enough time here getting nowhere. So peace out! And I guess someone on this thread may feel that I'm going to go off and rob someone because they found out I'm black. Sizzle! SpicyGirl out!
No, you answered all I asked, and honestly. Thank you.:)  You are very much welcomed!:)
I must respond to how you put this, considering what has been discussed on this thread. You say he took an opinion too far. What is the opinion and is there any instance where the opinion that caused him to be so horrible, would be a worthwhile thing? The fact that something does not find expression in the greatest atrocities imaginable, does not make it good.  Let me answer this before running off to play in another thread.:) When I said OPINION, I meant that it is obvious that he did not like to see gays around. Ok, fine, keep that XXXX to yourself. Is how I feel. But when you take, whatever you feel, out on someone else. That is going too far. That is taking what was an opinion, and making it into a crime, and something that is hurtful, and hateful. Now that is where you can use the term, HATEFUL. That is why I said what I said, and like I said it. You can have an opinion, but you don't have to act in a way that is hurtful to others. Get it?!
BlackWodin -   Where to begin?  1 - You have "Smart Guy" under your moniker. Don't you think an attempt at legible grammer might help convince folks of that fact? As would getting medical facts straight. And reading forum rules, comments like this "are u gay. if u are ur sick" are against them.   2 - Anal sex does not cause cancer or AIDS. Cancer is caused by carcinagens and genetics, AIDS is caused by a virus called HIV.  3 - Heterosexuals also engage in anal sex.  4 - Lesbians do not.  5 - Even most folks who don't approve of homosexual behavior acknowledge the orientation isn't a choice. They can stop being gay about as easily as you can stop being straight. This ties to the absurd accusation that they are turning people gay. COME ON! - are you saying that if you were locked up in a room of sexy, charming naked men you could be turned (change that to women if you happen to be a straight female)?  6 - Your god not liking something or you personally finding it gross are not good enough reasons to take legal action against a group. We have freedom of religion here and this isn't a monarchy with BlackWodin as king/queen.  7 - I am tired of hearing about this gay agenda - and since you know about it, please share it with us.   8 - Hell is barely supportable by your Bible. Three words have been translated into "hell". The Hebrew sheol - means "the pit" or "the grave", the Greek haides replaced sheol, and Jesus used a the Gehena. Gehena was a real place where refuse (and possibly humans in sacrifice) were burned. It was a metaphor for destruction. No eternal place of torment. Also, Jews don't believe in hell. Jesus was a Jew. But since you are such a "smart guy", I am sure you knew all this.  And before you go off on your assumptions, let me set a couple of things straight. 1 - I am not a Christain and don't really care what the Bible says - however I have read it (cover to cover) and studied it. 2 - I am not gay. stop insulting people. anal sex can cause some cancer it's been proven. it can also help spread HIV because the cells of the butt absorb things like sperm and it would be spread that way. i think you are lying about hell. jesus beleived in hell, he fought the devil in it before he rosed from the dead.  god says several times in the bible that homosexuality is wrong, he says it is an abomination - not my words, his words.
*sigh*  Once again. You have to have HIV to spread HIV. I didn't think this concept was that complicated.  Show me where anal sex causes cancer, and then tell me why so many men have anal sex with their wives if it causes cancer.  Show me where God talks to someone in the bible and tells them that homosexuality is an abomination.  Hyrule must be a fun place. Say hi for me to supersport and Blackwodin and whoever else is there with you.  I guess it might not cuase cancer directly, but the damage it does can. Look on wiki : Anal sex exposes the participants to hazards of two kinds: infections, due to the high number of infectious microorganisms not found elsewhere on the body, and physical damage to the anus and the rectum due to their vulnerability. Inexperienced people can also find it painful.[8]   [edit] Infectious diseases Among the diseases with which anal sex is associated are HIV,[9] anal cancer,[10] typhoid fever[11] and various diseases associated with the infectious nature of fecal matter or sexual intercourse in general. Among these are: Amoebiasis; Chlamydia; Cryptosporidiosis; Giardiasis; Gonorrhea; Hepatitis A; Hepatitis B; Hepatitis C; Herpes simplex; Human papillomavirus; Lymphogranuloma venereum; Pubic lice; Salmonellosis; Shigella; Syphilis; Tuberculosis.[12][13]   [edit] HIV/AIDS The high concentration of white blood cells around the rectum, together with the risk of cuts to the rectum and that one of the functions of the rectum is to absorb fluid, increases the risk of HIV transmission because the HIV retrovirus reproduces within the immune system's T-cells/CD4 cells. Use of condoms and other precautions are a medically recommended way to lessen risk of infections. Unprotected receptive anal sex is the most risky sexual behavior in terms of HIV transmission.[14][15][16]   [edit] Physical damage Physical damage to the rectum and anus can manifest as generalized ano-rectal trauma, hemorrhoids, anal fissures,[17] anal fistula and rectal prolapse. Damage is more likely if anal sex is done without consent, if alcohol or other drugs have dulled sensitivity, if communication is poor, or if technique is clumsy.   [edit] Incontinence Incontinence has also been reported; the result of the anal sphincter losing its tonus.[18] A 1993 study published in the Journal of the Royal Society of Medicine found that out of a sample of forty individuals receiving anal intercourse, fourteen experienced episodes of frequent anal incontinence.[19] Though this study has been used by some to impute incontinence as a characteristic of male homosexuals, this is held to be a mistaken interpretation, as the conclusions of the study were contingent on the activity rather than on sexual orientation.[20]  As Tristan Taormino pointed out in her book The Ultimate Guide to Anal Sex for Women, "Having anal sex does not mean that you will end up in adult diapers." This can happen in cases of rape (which is a violent act) and it can happen if alcohol or other drugs are used to excess (causing lack of bodily awareness); it doesn't happen if the participants use proper technique, communicate clearly, and are both consenting adults.     And for the bible, look at this: Leviticus 18:22:  22Thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind: it is abomination.  
WOW! I just popped back in here and saw some of Blackwodin's quoted posts. What a mess!! And people here gave me a hard time just because I respectfully disagreed. Like I said before, there are worse people out there then those who respectfuly disagree. Blackwodin proves that very well.  Blackwodin, why are you insulting people?! I know you don't agree, I also don't agree with gay marriage. But is being nasty and mean to people really necessary?! What is your problem?! People here can say that ones who are stressed out because of their hatred can cause health problems. It is a known fact that when you are stressed you are more prone to heartattacks. So if others are going to get sick, so will you. Because you have too much hostility inside of you. Just chill out!
emoticon_xdonno how is that fair? basically your reasoning is "lets just give the christians the whole marriage thing, and let the gays get married at city hall by a 67 year old judge who probably doesnt agree with them anyways."  i mean, what happened to the separtion of church and state? did we, somewhere along the line forget, that little document we call the constitution. it dosnt simply say "see bible"  everybody should have equal rights. no matter your race, creed, or religion. if joe and bob want to get married, how the heck is it our place to stop them? and im sorry if it makes you uncomfortable to think of that, but unless joe comes to your house to shoot your dog, its not really your concern.  and come on, im tired of all these ppl using the bible to cover up simple ignorance and prejudice.  No, actually they used the Bible as a basis for their morality. They then applied that morality to the design of a system of government that they wanted to create.   so why dont we all take a hop-skip-and- jump into 2007, re evaluate our morals, and get a clue. emoticon_xgood  Maybe the majority of Americans are comfortable with the status quo WRT their morals. Who are you to tell them that they have to change for you?
You have to remember that those christians believe that the laws of God superceed those of man. That thier allegiance is to God and his laws above those of the constitution. They also believe that all should be subject to Gods by force if nesesary.  Render unto Caesar that which is Caesar's; render unto God that which is God's. Sounds like the Bible understood the concept better than you do. emoticon_xgood
They are not listening then since civil marriage has nothing to do with GOD and they are trampeling upon Cearars toes.  So, why don't you just continue poking them with a stick. I'm sure that'll get them over to your side. :xbanghead emoticon_rolleyes
Your right it makes no sense to poke someone with a stick as they run over you with a tank.  I didn't realize that you had moved to China. emoticon_rolleyes
 I didn't realize that you had moved to China.   Do you have to work hard to be so sarcastic, or does it come naturally?  I might ask you the same. Matthew's statement regarded being run over by a tank. The only place that that has occurred, to the best iof my knowledge, was Tiennemann Square in China. Are you aware of anywhere else that it has occurred or are you just trying to start a fight with me? If so, we can take it to the debate forum since you are welcome to post on my turf but you have made sure that I'm not welcome on yours. :)
I might ask you the same. Matthew's statement regarded being run over by a tank. The only place that that has occurred, to the best iof my knowledge, was Tiennemann Square in China. Are you aware of anywhere else that it has occurred or are you just trying to start a fight with me? If so, we can take it to the debate forum since you are welcome to post on my turf but you have made sure that I'm not welcome on yours.   Sensative much? You are a big boy, aren't you? Or more like a man-child?  How about a formal debate between you and me? This forum has a good formal debate section with lots of willing judges and, here's a new twist for you, fair moderators. :)
There is no point. You have proven yourself to be a bigot.  What I have proven is that I'm not a politically correct wimp that is afraid to offend the gay community. Your attempt to squelch debate by caling me a bigot says a lot about you but little about me. I have gay friends and I support gay civil unions but I draw the line at gay marriage. That doesn't make me a bigot. It makes me a person with a differing opinion. You should choose your words better in the future.
In general bigots seldom consider themselves bigots. Irony is lost on them  Hum...what do you call gays that are intolerant of others' beliefs that don't happen to correspond to theirs? emoticon_confused Now, THAT'S irony. emoticon_xgood
Wow can one not understand what a metaphor is? The tank represents the majority and the democratic process that the cithgaps are using to run gay people down with. I could use some colorful ad hominems but I am better then that.  No you aren't. Anybody that spouts as much anti-Christian rhetoric as you do certainly isn't.
It's a free country. There's nothing wrong with anti-christian rhetoric, IMHO. I find the whole thing one big delusional hoax, myself. emoticon_xangel  From your sentence construction above, I would have to agree. ;)
It's a free country. There's nothing wrong with anti-christian rhetoric, IMHO. I find the whole thing one big delusional hoax, myself. emoticon_xangel  true, being a free Country, your type of hate speech is allowed. But why does the left defend the Islamofascists and their agenda as they condemn and demonize Christians, Bush and this proactive, anti-terrorist Administration ? It seems if you were consistent, you would at least hate what cold blooded murderers and suicide bombers who aim at innocent women and children stood for. And yet it's Bush, who is attempting to keep these murderous hate mongers from bringing their War to America that you all focus on.  Why is it the left is pro-abortion for innocent babies yet anti-death penalty for convicted serial killers ? Why are liberals on the wrong side of every issue when it comes to victimizing the innocent while claiming to care for the underdog all along ? The left is the epitome of hypocrisy while claiming they control the high road on all humanitarian issues.   The left condemns America's war in Iraq and calls us bullies and killers of the innocent but seem totally incapable of realizing that for us to leave is going to force 24 MILLION innocent and defenseless Iraqi's back under the violent, oppressive thumb of these same Radical Terrorists who are blowing up innocents each and every day as they continue to try to prevent a free and civilized democratic Iraq from rising out of the dust of 35 years of Saddams murderous and oppressive regime.   How can you claim to care about the innocent deaths in this War when it's the radicals killing the innocents and by us retreating as the left is demanding we will be abandoning the very innocent victims the left claims to care so much about ? It makes no sense as usual yet you liberals claim to be the intellectual saviors of this Country and World. :xbanghead I hate stupidity and the left defines it.
So your answer christian is to kill more people? Where is love thy neighbor and 7x70. Answer me this christian why is that the people who claim the loudest to be christians are the ones who are the strongest supporters of the war? Why christain are some of the loudest anti abortionists also the first to cut social programs that would help a woman be able to keepp her baby. Answer me this christian why are some of the most anti same sex marriage opponents not anti divorce and have two or more marriages. Why christian why?  My answer is to kill the enemy who has not only vowed to destroy the USA but has actually attacked us many times over the past 30 Years. Why ? Because we are at War. Our Governments main purpose for being formed wasn't to create social programs and welfare but to defend the populace from foreign invaders and aggressors who wish to destroy us militarily.   Why christain are some of the loudest anti abortionists also the first to cut social programs that would help a woman be able to keepp her baby.   Why must liberals lie with false examples like this that have no basis in fact at all when the Right supports adoption ? And Matt, if you don't want me refering to as the sodomite, then stop refering to me as the Christian like it's a swear.  What I hate about self-righteous neocon christian fascists is their absolutely stupid view of the world. If the west had left the middle east only following WWI we would not be in the position we are today. If the west had pursued energy independence 70 years ago, we'd not be where we are today.  Had we not developed the Oil Fields of the Middle East with our Technology then Europe and the Soviet Union would have anyway, and that would have changed the balance of economic power that allowed us to become the Superpower we have become. It's economics 101 really. As to pursuing Energy Independance 70 years ago, blame your liberal environmentalists. After the Oil Embargo of the 70s, which I experienced personally, the Government assured us it would seek independance. But everytime the issue was debated, the environmental lobby fought new Oil Exploration on US Territory like it would cause the end of the World. So don't blame the Right or Bush for that.  Bush's immoral and illegal war is all about OIL. Once the Iraqi government passes the law that makes the OIL assessible to the international oil companies that Bush and his crime family are part of, then the war will be won in their minds.  Another lie and rewrite of history. If Oil is the goal why haven't we been taking a percentage of free oil in exchange for defending them ? Even though Iraqi Oil is being sold on the International Market, the US is paying for it just like everyone else.  Why rightwing fascists like Archie can't see beyond the length of their nose is part of the problem in America today. Iraq was not a threat to America before 2003. But because of Bush's arrogance and stupidity, there are today thousands more who wish death to America. Imperalism is not a system that can win. Sorry, loser.  Do you even know what Imperialism means ? Have we forced Iraq to become a State or Satelite of the USA ? Do we force them to pay tribute or taxes to us ? Are we even charging them for our defending them against the Terrorists who are trying to prevent a Free Democratic Iraq from being permanently established ? And why is debating with you a constant defense against lies and attacks while you NEVER EVER ACTUALLY ANSWER ONE QUESTION ASKED OF YOU ?  So I repeat my question asked above, why condemn the Coalition forces when the Terrorists are the ones killing the innocents each and every day in Iraq. And to say we make them do what they do wont hold water either because they have clearly said they wont stop untill they destroy this free democracy and return the innocent Iraqi's into bondage to fundamentalist Islamic and Sharia Law controled by religious Mullahs. If you love the innocents as you claim, why would you sacrifice 24 MILLION PEOPLE to such an existance of hopeless desperation ? Is that your definition of Love ?   And let me ask you this ? Under what circumstances would you see fit to actually go to War with a Country ? If it isn't to fight to free millions of people from oppression, or to unseat a dictator who supports terrorism and attacks on you, then what would it take for you to actually defend and protect not only yourself but the World you live in from blatant and unchecked EVIL ?
are you kidding? isnt that basically what their telling the entire homomsexual population? to change their ways and values? and if by "you" you mean millions of people, then yes, i am.  Yes bandgeek, I am unashamedly saying that the lifestyle of "homosexuality" is that the morals and values they practice are unnatural and blatantly sinful. But don't forget that I say the same thing about straights who fornicate or otherwise sin against God. How can you deny the correctness of that position ? It has been upheld for the entire history of the human race until the onset of this so called enlightened generation which is in fact depraved to its very core. But again, I'm speaking of morals and values, something that is foreign to this reprobate generation of feel good pseudo intellectuals.
Thanks.emoticon_xangel  Before you thank me, deconstruct your sentence and tell me what YOU think it means. Hint: What is the object of "delusional hoax" in your construction. :)
You still have yet to answer the question of where Christ taught that you should invade another counry, remove the leader of said country, execute said dictator, and then remain there and let your troops be target practice for those who never wanted you there in the first place, while at the same time allowing the deaths of the civilians of the country. All of this, I might add, while operating under false pretenses (an absolute lie, as a matter of fact - the whole WMD garbage).  Why would a secular government like ours possibly have to justify defending ourselves from a foreign enemy based on Jesus ministry which dealt with how we are to deal with each other as individuals in this life. And are you arguing that the US is a Nation Founded on Christianity ? Because I surely am NOT. So why must we justify defending ourselves scripturally ? But be sure that it is Governments responsibility to protect its citizens by going to war according to the bible. And utterly destroying the enemy would be the scriptural way of dealing with an agressor who seeks to destroy us.  Besides, what's your opinion about Germany ? We invaded them, carpet bombed their cities killing literally millions of civillians before we stopped. More than 3000 allied troops were killed in any 24 hour period during that War. Should we have pulled out and surrendered to Hitler ? And speaking of Hitler, at least he had the good taste of killing himself. But why do you say we executed Saddam ? Is your memory so short ? His own Countryman tried, convicted and executed him. Do you think he was unfairly or wrongly convicted SP ?   Are the mass graves insufficient proof of the monster he was ? And SP, we're still in Germany. 35,000 strong on an American built and supported Base, and in Japan also. 50 plus years after the end of the War and we are still there. Why aren't you concerned about those occupations ? And does it matter to you that the 24 million peace loving Iraqi people want us there ? Only the 10,000 or so Radical fundamentalist Terrorists who want to destroy a free Iraq want us out of Iraq. But you think we should submit to the Terrorists and abandon the 24 million good people huh. Dont you. And I'm the cold blooded killer and the heartless murderer huh ?   If you had even a semblance of a sense of justice you could never feel as you do SP, but we both know you're not going to start caring about the defensless victims of this War, you're too happy condemning America for the sacrifice we're making for these people. I truly feel sorry for you.
Yet you still didn't answer the question I posed to you. I did not ask about the government. I asked about you personally. How do you as a supossed follower of Jesus, a christian, reconcile you support for the war with the teachings of Jesus.  Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the children of God. ----Jesus of Nazareth  Or do you just ignore the teachings of Jesus when convient? IF so isn't this what you accused me of doing?  Btw when the Iraqi navy lands on the shores of north america and they unload the iraqi army I will stand beside you and defend our country but until that time we have no busisness interfering in other countries.  The bible is a perfectly balanced guide for humanity Matt. But you wouldn't know that because rather than seek to understand it from God's perspective, you choose to interpret it according to your limited understanding. I have no qualms what so ever spiritually speaking about the rightness of the US defending the innocent and the weak. We are doing the righteous thing in Iraq and Afghanistan and if we were in 1945 with Terroristic sneak attacks taking place on every Continent on Earth by members of the same religion, the west would again unite and determine to wipe this cancer from the face of the Earth once and for all time.  So to answer your question directly, no I don't ignore His Word when it's inconvenient. And if you knew me personally you would know I am a peacemaker in my personal life. But if I were President, I too would have no doubts about destroying Radical Islam before it destroyed my Country. None what so ever. And your ignorant perspective which is shared by the Liberal Elitists is precisely why America is doomed if one of your pacifist Liberal gets into the Whitehouse in 08.   Just watch the Terrorist attacks come home to roost in America because the Radicals know the Left will crumble just like the Socialists in Europe did before Bush built the coalition. They will appease the Radicals so fast your head will spin and after that, we will be forced to convert or die. I of course would choose death to submission but you I'm sure will cling to life, even if it must be lived in bondage and oppression to heartless thugs who murder infidels for pleasure. Maybe then you'll understand what I was saying way back when I said we should fight them over there rather than let them bring their War here.
Wow. That's pretty arrogant to say you can understand the bible from some god's perspective. You should go on television, Archie, and share your special talents....or maybe you should check into a mental hospital for anyone who makes this kind of claim has to be truly delusional.  Nothing arrogant about it at all. And if you knew the Lord who is a personal God, you would understand that. And I claim no special gifts or insight at all, only the same access to the mind and spirit of my Heavenly Father that EVERY other believer in Him has.  I do not understand where you get the Idea that, just because I am against invading a country that had nothing to do with 911, I am pro terrorist?   You lie and deny the facts that saddam was involved in 9/11 by supporting the terrorists who carried out the attack.  I see the war this way. Saddam Hussein was a threat to the Saudis and he had to be taken out. Bush being who he, in league and busisness, with the Saudis decided to find a way to end this threat to the kingdom. Wolfowitz had the Iraqi invasion plans before 911 and just needed an excuse to implement them. I do not buy your argument that we needed to take out a dictator to free the people if that is our mission then why are we not invading Saudia Arabia?   You can see the War any way you like but you will still be wrong. Saddam was exporting terrorism with his resources and his wealth. It has been conclusively proven that his grounded 737 in the Baghdad Airport was used as a training prop for the 9/11 Al-Qaida Terrorists. They worked out timing and methodology in Iraq. He also paid 25,000 dollar bounties to the family of any suicide bomber who sacrificed himself killing either Jews or Westerners. Not to even mention the Mass graves in his own Country and using chemical weapons on the Iraqi Kurds. I know you don't think that's our business, but again, I disagree with you, and prior to our invasion, so did the American Left which gave many speeches pointing out his escapades and why he had to be taken out of power.   you understand my perspective as a gay man. I will choose death when the fundies and the cithgaps come to put my people in camps to either cure or kill us. I will fight for the freedoms that should have been my birthright against any group that seeks to oppress me and my people. I will not live in bondage to christian fundamentalists.  Talk about paranoid and delusional. Please post where I have called for gays to be herded up and thrown in re-education camps Matt. Please, post them for all to see in big bold red letters. I have spoken to you personally Matt, and told you to seek God's truth and will for you personally. I have assured you that if you do, He will surely respond to you on a personal and very real level. I have told you God loves you as His child, not that I want to force my morality on you or to force any change on you against your will. I understand that is impossible to do and have no desire to pre-empt another's free will anyway.   Yet you always come back to playing the poor oppressed victim who I want to force into submission under the Oligarchy of Christian Fundamentalism. You sir, are a liar and a deceiver who must play the victim and demonize the opposition in order to impress the blind like samiinh who is actually impressed with your lies, so play to the audience you have Matt, but don't expect me to sit by and allow you to go unchecked as you lie.  Well said, Mathew. This war only grows worse. Over 600 Iraquis killed last week, and 80 US soldiers died in March. It is not the responsibilty of the US to take out dictators in other lands, as you have stated. To think that is insane. We need to do everything in our power as a people to prevent our government from being an Imperialist State, or we will fail as a democracy.  Who killed the 600 Iraqi's last week samiinh ? Was it our troops firing missiles into the homes or market square filled with civilians ? Or could it have been islamic radicals with suicide bombs and IEDs who are determined to prevent Democracy from existing for the 24 million citizens who thank God every day that we are there making this sacrifice ? Why do you refuse to acknowledge the true murderers and culprits in Iraq rather than just blame the liberators for every death as if it's us doing the killing ?  And 80 US Soldiers died in March ? 80 US Soldiers died every 30 minutes during the entire second world War samiinh, I guess that was a mistake too huh ? And how could we have endured or justified the losses we did back then ? I mean Hitler only wanted to rule the World with his fascist, Aryan philosophy. Oh wait, the islamofascists have promised to fight until they rule the world for Islam and every human bows to Allah. And they have committed acts of terror on every single Continent, but it's us who is over reacting by wanting to defend ourselves from that threat ? Again, talk about being in denial of the truth.
When I became a man I gave up childish things.  And yet like a child you want to pick up all your marbles and go home as soon as the going gets tough. That's a real adult attitude when dealing with an enemy who has vowed to NEVER STOP THEIR COWARDLY ATTACKS ON CIVILIANS UNTIL THEY HAVE UTTERLY AND TOTALLY DESTROYED US.   If Bush and his neocons hadn't unleashed the evil that is in Iraq today, those 80 US soldiers who died last month would be still living today, for they wouldn't be sitting in harm's way. I don't care what your truth is; I know what is my truth and that's the only one that matters to me, Archie.  I REPEAT, COURTESY OF E MUTZ  In 1991, Saddam Hussein invaded and occupied Kuwait, losing the support of the United States. The first President Bush assembled a global coalition, including many Arab states, and threw Saddam out after forty-three days of bombing and a hundred hours of ground operations. The U.S.-led coalition then withdrew, leaving the Kurds and the Shiites, who had risen against Saddam Hussein at our urging, to Saddam's revenge.   As a condition for ending the conflict, the United Nations imposed a number of requirements on Iraq, among them disarmament of all weapons of mass destruction, stocks used to make such weapons, and laboratories necessary to do the work. Saddam Hussein agreed, and an inspection system was set up to ensure compliance. And though he repeatedly lied, delayed, and obstructed the inspections work, the inspectors found and destroyed far more weapons of mass destruction capability than were destroyed in the Gulf War, including thousands of chemical weapons, large volumes of chemical and biological stocks, a number of missiles and warheads, a major lab equipped to produce anthrax and other bio-weapons, as well as substantial nuclear facilities.   In 1998, Saddam Hussein pressured the United Nations to lift the sanctions by threatening to stop all cooperation with the inspectors. In an attempt to resolve the situation, the UN, unwisely in my view, agreed to put limits on inspections of designated "sovereign sites" including the so-called presidential palaces, which in reality were huge compounds well suited to hold weapons labs, stocks, and records which Saddam Hussein was required by UN resolution to turn over. When Saddam blocked the inspection process, the inspectors left. As a result, President Clinton, with the British and others, ordered an intensive four-day air assault, Operation Desert Fox, on known and suspected weapons of mass destruction sites and other military targets.   In 1998, the United States also changed its underlying policy toward Iraq from containment to regime change and began to examine options to effect such a change, including support for Iraqi opposition leaders within the country and abroad.   In the four years since the inspectors left, intelligence reports show that Saddam Hussein has worked to rebuild his chemical and biological weapons stock, his missile delivery capability, and his nuclear program. He has also given aid, comfort, and sanctuary to terrorists, including Al Qaeda members, though there is apparently no evidence of his involvement in the terrible events of September 11, 2001.   It is clear, however, that if left unchecked, Saddam Hussein will continue to increase his capacity to wage biological and chemical warfare, and will keep trying to develop nuclear weapons. Should he succeed in that endeavor, he could alter the political and security landscape of the Middle East, which as we know all too well affects American security."  The above speech was made by the self-righteous neocon fascist Junior Senator from New York Hillary Clinton.   My truth used to be universally accepted until the Socialist Left decided to once again rewrite history and use this War for Political gain as a campaign issue. Only you are accepting the rewritten propaganda as your truth. Even Hillary doesn't really believe as you do. She's just saying it to get your vote.  See he views the lives of the Iraqis, who don't want us there, more important then the lives of US troops.  You just can't help it can you matt. If your not lying, your just not saying anything I guess. Stop attributing your slander and propaganda to me like some pathetic reprobate. I'm sick of it.   I am begining to believe that those in the us miliatry that want to come home should be allowed to and those that want to stay well...., and I know that this sounds harsh but I do believe in live and let live, let the fools die in a lost cause, let them throw their lives away for no reason. It is their choice to throw their lives away.Just let those who are trapped come home.  Every single person in the Iraqi theater freely joined to serve in the military. None were drafted against their will. So I guess they all chose to throw their lives away huh ? Or did they choose to defend their country, something selfish cowards like you just can't identify with or relate to. And when it comes to suicide bombers who seek to kill innocent people through acts of terror, better to kill them before they strap the bomb on and take an innocent group of bystanders with them. Or is it beyond your ability to see that rationale ?
  If Bush and his neocons hadn't unleashed the evil that is in Iraq today, those 80 US soldiers who died last month would be still living today, for they wouldn't be sitting in harm's way. I don't care what your truth is; I know what is my truth and that's the only one that matters to me, Archie.  First you said the above, and I responded to it. You obviously couldn't debate my response so you reply by asking when this became the Iraq War Forum. A typical change the subject response when you can't respond to the points made. That point being that even the great hypocrite of the Democratic Party, Hillary Clinton once espoused the obvious threat Saddam Hussein posed for the whole World. Can't you just concede and gracefully slink away ?   When did this become the Iraq war forum?
Actually, I was paraphrasing Archie's signature. ID is not anything that I would want to discuss. It's all a crock of you know what as far as I'm concerned.  Oh, yeah, and we can all bet our souls on the accuracy of evolution and abiogenesis huh ? You're too much, really. From the Worlds perspective I'll agree that Creationism or ID is a theory, but are you implying that evo is any more than a theory ? That it is more reliable than ID ? Because from where I sit it takes even more faith to believe we evolved from rocks than were created by an Intelligent God/Maker/Creator.  After all, a billion or so years ago before any life at all existed on Earth all we had here was sulfuric acid gasses and a lot of rocks. So are you one of those minions who believe the Earth was seeded by extraterrestrial biological material that eventually evolved into the complex chain of life that not only compliments itself, but also is interdependent upon itself for survival.
[QUOTE=bandgeek615;257348][QUOTE=Archangel;256338] How can you deny the correctness of that position ?   How can i deny the correctness? Simple. I dont believe all that the bible says. You are going off a book that no one can prove 100% true. It is a book copied down over years, much like other fables and fairytales. So lynch me for not being christian, but i prefer to go off human rights rather that some mass produced fairy tale.   There is nothing wrong with being gay whatsoever. I think its funny that christians seem to be so unabashedly against gay marriage, but choose not to respect other parts of the bible. Cant you be put to death for working on Sunday? However i dont see 3 million people making websites to get THAT little amendment passed.  If you understood the difference between the Age of the Law and the Age of Grace, you wouldn't make such ignorant statements. But that'll never happen so we're stuck with the misinformation that makes up your twisted views.  [QUOTE=samiinh;257362][QUOTE=bandgeek615;257348] How can you deny the correctness of that position ?   The problem for the christianists is that if gay people gain the respectablity that comes with marriage, which they deserve, their hate won't be as meaningful anymore.   And you are right, there are many prohibitions in the old testament law that they choose not to acknowledge, but the ones against male prostitution is the one they use to promote their hate. It brings in the money.  I'm not a Christianist, but a Christian, as in one with a personal relationship with the living God. And it is you who endorse and justifies the gay lifestyle who hate the gays you insist we Christians hate. But because you are incapable of appreciating the concept of consequences for ones actions, this reality makes no sense to you, TODAY. But it will someday, and a terrible and sad day that will be when you finally understand the fullness of your current blindness.
  If you understood the difference between the Age of the Law and the Age of Grace, you wouldn't make such ignorant statements. But that'll never happen so we're stuck with the misinformation that makes up your twisted views.      Excuse me? What you need to understand is that you and the rest of your christian followers need to keep you bible thumping hate filled ways in the church where they beloing.   what makes your morals more right than mine? all you are is an old man with a god complex himself. I believe in equal rights. excuse the hell out of me.   No, i dont believe in god. I believe that jesus really did live, and he got millions of people to follow him. Much like Charles Manson, or Hitler. But i believe he was just a person. I have no obligations to any thing but my own values.  And who is more twisted? Me, who wants equal rights for all in America, home of the FREE, or you, who wants to eradicate an entire group of people?   Please provide an example of where Archangel has said that he hates gay people or that he thinks they are evil.   Your statements here are not based on fact, but rather your apparent hatred of christians. Please review his posts. He has declared what he believes to be true about the lifestyle but no where does he claim judgement on the person. It is an objective stance. he is separating the behavior from the person. In fact, as I understand him, he is stating that the behavior is harmful to the person and therefore not good. Now, you may have a very different viewpoint on whether or not it is harmful to the person. If that is the case then provide an argument as to why it is not harmful instead of attacking someone else. Archangel posted no attack on you. He did make some comments about saminh which were intended comment on Saminh's views and not on saminh personally. Archangel's OPINION about the VIEWS is that they are "twisted" meaning that they are not supportive of what is observable in reality. You may have an OPINION that they are not "twisted" and are perfectly logical in view of reality. If so, post an argument supporting that.  You have essentially posted a non argument based on your own emotional response rather than looking at what has been objectively posted.  Huck.
 <<I would agree with this statement. Christianists are most welcome to thump in their church, but not in the public square. The rest of us don't want to hear your nonsense.   So you are for free speech only for those that believe like you do?  YIPES!
Is prosthelytizing the same as free speech?   In the US prosthelytizing is indeed the same as free speech as is many forms of speech considered offensive by many. One could easily say that evolutionary speech is offensive to christians.  To speak to someone about God, is within the rights of the individual. It is certainly within your rights to ignore it. You can leave the room, ignore the posts on the board, etc. It is protected speech. I am not sure where you got the opposite idea. '  The US constitution says "CONGRESS shall make no law...." It does not say that people cannot talk about God.  Huck
What you need to understand is that you and the rest of your christian followers need to keep you bible thumping hate filled ways in the church where they beloing.  <<I would agree with this statement. Christianists are most welcome to thump in their church, but not in the public square. The rest of us don't want to hear your nonsense.  what makes your morals more right than mine? all you are is an old man with a god complex himself. I believe in equal rights.   << Me too.   No, i dont believe in god.   << Neither do I.   I believe that jesus really did live, and he got millions of people to follow him. Much like Charles Manson, or Hitler. But i believe he was just a person. I have no obligations to any thing but my own values.  << Jesus is just another part of the legend and hoax; there is no documentary evidence that he ever existed.    Christianists are pretty twisted folks, spending much of their waking time wondering what's going on in someone else's bedroom.  It's amazing that someone in this generation could grow to adulthood and be so ignorant as to believe that a single man that had such a profound affect on humanity and literally changed the World accomplished all that with a hoax. It's incredible really. From 12 contemporary disciples who didn't even actually walk and follow Him according to you, because as you say, Jesus never even existed, right ? then they convinced the uncounted masses of other contemporaries who all accepted Jesus as their Savior, accepted that He died on the Cross when He never even lived at all, saw Him after He resurrected from the dead and ascended on High 40 days later, but He never existed so within 43 days of his nonexistent crucifixion the 5000 who accepted him on the day of Pentecost (the day He ascended on High) when the Holy Spirit descended on the crowd, all this happened because of a nonexistent guy named Jesus who never even lived and was evidently created by these fishermen who, what, just dreamed Him up ?  And you honestly believe this is true ? That Jesus the Christ never even existed as an historical figure ? May He have mercy on your soul when you finally meet Him. Cuz I've got news for you kid, He's alive and well and coming back very soon. Call me delusional if you like. But don't ever say you never knew the truth, or were never told to expect Him. You've been told so the rest is up to you.
I do not believe the Jesus Christ existed as an historical figure, no. And take your religious bull and put it where the sun don't shine, cuz it is all a lie and you are a liar and you've been had. Think for yourself, and you'll come to realize that you are wrong. You have no truth. It is BS.  You do know that you are stating that you DO have the truth don't you?:)   It is fine to believe what you want to believe. It is also perfectly fine for Archangel to post here provided he/she does not violate the board rules. As far as I can tell there is no violation. In fact, on a "debate" website opposing controversial opinions are more than welcome.  ShadowPikachu: Thank you for your support and your alteration is agreed to. It is only certain groups. I was only posing an example  Samiinh: I would suggest you ratchet down your disgust and learn to accept all people regardless of their religion. You will find your discussions far more fruitfull. Indeed if you are correct, then by arguing logically and reasonably without the ire you show in this post, then you will more likely firm up your own beliefs rather than lose them. And if you do lose your own beliefs then likely as not the new beliefs you come to will have a far greater chance of being correct.  Debate has been a long standing method for testing ones own mettle.  Huck
He may not have said those words directly, but you give him far more credit for benevolence than he deserves. He most certainly woefully misunderstands gay people and is a highly insulting poster. He has hurled ugly and false accusation about gays destroying the family, American society, etc. He claims that they are all miserable and feel guilty about their sexuality. He called them reprbate. He accused me of having no moral center and being like an animal for not sharing his faith. Many of these posts were offensive enough to warrant deletion.  Personally I am tired of the "its my religion" mantra. Its a cop-out. Say and believe what you will, but know that the opposition against gays and gay families is hurtful and harmful - regardless of the excuse.  We have good discussions thus far so I hope you will trust me a bit and enter into a hypothetical with me. What if my belief was that the behavior was harmful to you? What kind of behavior would you WANT to see from me? It is easy to declare that someone is doing something that is hurtful. And perhaps Archangel was, I do not actually know if the posts were deleted. It is another thing though to say how you would actually like to be treated.   Remember in answering my hypothetical what my hypothetical beliefs are. You are not likely to change another person's beliefs but you might be able to influence how they behave towards another human being. You are unlikely to get someone to "vote for gay rights" but you are likely to get someone to see YOU as a person, just as I do. So then, in that vein, what would you like to see from people? (please answer something more than "simple respect", just too easy to say and up for far too much interp.).  Thanks for considering my scenario.  GO SUNS!  Huck
I find Archie dogmatism offensive and in your face. It is insulting and condescending and I'd appreciate it if he'd find another way to communicate with people. I see him do this in many of the forums. It is arrogant, rude, obnoxious and unnecessary, IMHO. Sometimes I find you, Huck, to be a little too bossy, like you think you own this space.   And yet it's totally acceptable and honest discourse for you to say outright that my personal relationship with the Living God is a delusional fairy tale on par with the Easter Bunny or the Tooth Fairy as you said below. You are reasonable to insult me but I am condescending and arrogant to give it right back to you, on a debate board no less. Especially since you haven't experienced what I have so there is no way you can relate to my personal experience. But I can relate to you because I was spiritually dead and blind to Gods truth once, so I know what being born again means and feels like and let me assure you, it's very real indeed. Well you've got the wrong idea about believers in Christ, or at least this one. So if you can't handle it, find a forum with no opposition to challenge you.  What is amazing to me is that so many people in this day and age can believe in the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy. emoticon_xkill  Thanks for considering my scenario.  Ok - but I would like to clarify that I am straight. I am passionate about this issue as my son's father is gay - as are many other marvelous people in my life. The claims Archangel are personal and false.  I would except the him to substantiate his claims with real measurable facts. I would like him to ask me about what my experience is, rather than tell me. I would prefer not to have my character judged based on my faith or lack of it. (I have many freinds of many faiths who do manage it.)   They certainly stand a better chance than the Wolves.  Jitobear, read what you said to me and then you'll see that I responded to the claims you made. You like to interpret my words as hatred for gays but that is a total lie and misinterpretation of what I said. I expressed sincere concern for the homosexual and tried to explain that the lifestyle will only lead to death and depravity. And I don't apologize for that belief at all.   I also believe that the moral depravity that is inundating the American culture, both straight and gay will lead to our utter destruction and downfall as a Civilization. Does that mean I also hate straights or could it be I am objectively judging the blatant justification of sin that is so Socially acceptable today due to the reprobate values of this last days generation ?  You secular humanists cry foul when I speak my mind but I'm supposed to sit idly by as you mock and make condescending insults about how ignorant I am to say things that are so foreign to you. Well I've got a secret for you, You can't relate to my personal and supernatural relationship with the Living God because you don't know Him personally as I do. Rather than mock me, get down on your knees and sincerely as God to reveal Himself to you, and I promise you He will.   Now if you do as I suggest and meet Him, you will then understand that of all the people you have ever met in your lifetime, I gave you the most precious gift of any person in your complete lifetime. And asked nothing in return for the gift that was also freely given to me. So hate me if you like, but everything I have said to Matt and about the homosexual lifestyle I have said in sincere love for the eternal soul that lives forever. Not to massage the ego with shallow platitudes here that leads to death in the end.
while samiinh may find me "bossy" I do think this whole thing is way beyond what is necessary on both sides of the aisle. (or Isle depending on your point of viewemoticon_xangel ).  Jito:  You may take offense at what is said, but Archangel is using a vernacular that has specific meanings. There is no intent to insult.   Archangel, I see your legitimate concern for the living souls as eternal and therefore your intent is to save that which is eternal regardless of that which is temporal. I see that pretty clearly. However, I would sugget that you consider that HOW you say things is as important as WHAT you say. After all, Jesus died so that man would actually have a CHOICE. You desparately desire those (including me) who don't know him to know him. However, remember that words such as "reprobate" etc, contain a great deal of emotional value. I know the specific meanings and origins of such words so I take no offense at them, however, most are not as knowlegable as to delve into word origins regularly ( I am not so much smart as fortunate in my upbringing in this respect, many others here as well do know, but many do not). The woman at the well was a sinner of the tried and true variety. Only have Jesus showed her compassion and interacted with her when no one else would, did he choose to address her sin. He made sure she knew she was accepted first. That tack will take you much further.  Samiinh: I suspect you think I am bossy because I do not accept illegitimate argument and will tell you to post a legitimate one. That is simply the nature of a debate. It is a way of calling attention to poor arguments. It is nothing personal. It highlights things. Occasionally, I might interject an emotional word intentionally to get the emotional reaction for the sake of the debate. It is a little manipulative but it is a highly effective tactic when used reasonably sparingly. If used too often then a person loses all credibility. I also apologize when I am wrong. It helps. Sometimes the tactic backfires. Then I would say I am in a mess.  Thanks to you all. I do hope you take my comments in the vein intended. We could all stand be a bit more humble and accepting of everyone whether they be secular humanist, christians, or like me, huckleberries.  Huck
Now that was a reasonable and encouraging post, Huck. I'll accept that; but I'll not accept Archie's harange!!   What is your interest in gay rights?   None. I am interested in people.
Did you ever particapate on the NY Times webforum? We used to have a poster named Archangel on that one once. Could you be the same one?  I wouldn't read that liberal rag and neither would I purposely engage the types of people who would be drawn to their forum, on purpose anyway. You followed me here, I didn't follow you. So no I was never on their forum. I'll write them a letter if it will get them to reopen their forum if it means getting rid of you though. emoticon_xgood   I can't know your life experience, nor can you know mine. I do not suggest, though that you must change your life, as you do to me and others. That is offensive and unnecessary, my friend.  I did express my empathy to you on the abortion forum, but you apparently didn't read it or you just ignored it.  With all due respect, for future reference when you set out to show concern for someone. Saying you feel sorry for someone because they're ignorant and deranged enough to allow themselves to be swindled into believing the lie that God is real. Let's just say that that isn't showing empathy. It's about as aggressive and ignorant a tact as one can take if they sincerely want to make peace.  I once was a member of the Christian religion, but I am no longer, because of my life experience. I do not believe in supernatural. That you do is your right. But throwing it in our face on a daily basis is offensive and uncalled for Archie. You need to lighten up. It is not your responsiblity to change other people. emoticon_xgood  You stop pushing secular humanism, your religion, and I'll stop mentioning the Savior of Humanity, DEAL ? You stop justifying a reprobate lifestyle and I'll stop telling you it's reprobate. And you know what the word means ? What is wrong is right, and what is right is wrong to a reprobate mind. Which explains why you of the secular humanist persuasion have such a hatred for Christians.
Archangel, I see your legitimate concern for the living souls as eternal and therefore your intent is to save that which is eternal regardless of that which is temporal. I see that pretty clearly. However, I would sugget that you consider that HOW you say things is as important as WHAT you say. After all, Jesus died so that man would actually have a CHOICE. You desparately desire those (including me) who don't know him to know him. However, remember that words such as "reprobate" etc, contain a great deal of emotional value. I know the specific meanings and origins of such words so I take no offense at them, however, most are not as knowlegable as to delve into word origins regularly ( I am not so much smart as fortunate in my upbringing in this respect, many others here as well do know, but many do not). The woman at the well was a sinner of the tried and true variety. Only have Jesus showed her compassion and interacted with her when no one else would, did he choose to address her sin. He made sure she knew she was accepted first. That tack will take you much further.   Excellent post huck, and I take it to heart. But even posts I have made with sensitivity have been met with insults and condescending attacks based on their seemingly superior intellect. And although I share the Gospel truth out of love and concern with an eternal perspective. These libs are the most unlovable people on Earth and I truly struggle with being more civil with them when they aren't civil with me at all. I will try if they will, but I wont allow them to attack my beliefs or insult my intelligence for knowing my maker without responding in kind.
Faith is an entirely subjective experience. If I don't feel faith toward a particular doctrine or figure, then there is no way that I can be made to feel that faith. The strongest demonstration of this reality was the Protestant Reformation. Luther, Calvin, John Knox, John Wesley, and the others showed by all their activities that they could not be made to share the subjective experience of Catholic faith as described by the Church. When I am asked to respect other people's faith, I actually cannot do that, because I can have no idea of what they are talking about--it is their experience, not mine. The closest I can come to respecting their faith is to respect whatever they say or demonstrate that their faith is, as well as respectng their right to have that subjective experience. Nevertheless, faith, like love or obsession, is a very powerful feeling that sometimes impels people who are having it to attempt to impose it on others by, for example, "witnessing" or "testifying". To witness or testify is to enter into a social interaction. In most cases, both parties to a social interaction, such as a conversation, agree to it. With social interactions based on faith, though, there can be an element of coercion. Someone who constantly witnesses to his or her subjective experience of faith is like a stalker in that he or she is imposing his or her emotions on others. This is why I am so suspicious of Evangelicals--first, they want you to share (supposedly for your benefit) their subjective state of mind (an impossibility), and then they want you to give them money--to enter into the religion part of the faith/religion duo.  This pretty much states my position on the subject.  So you're saying that in every one of my posts I insist that you must accept jesus and believe as I do ? Can you post where I have insisted that one "must get saved" more than maybe one time ? And please point out not only which denomination I told you is the only right one, but which denomination I attend if you would please, because if I'm proselytizing then I must also be driving members to my Church right ? And then, please post the times I asked for money and suggested that giving money had anything to do with being saved by Grace ?  What is laughable is how hung up on stereotypes you are. You wouldn't have an original thought in your head if you were alone on a desert Island. :) But thanks for your position on the subject, it speaks volumes about how your twisted mind works.
I wouldn't read that liberal rag and neither would I purposely engage the types of people who would be drawn to their forum, on purpose anyway. You followed me here, I didn't follow you. So no I was never on their forum. I'll write them a letter if it will get them to reopen their forum if it means getting rid of you though.  So, if you never posted on the NY Times website, how could I have "followed you here"? I believe you are the same poster, fwiw. If not, you could be brothers.  Simple, you followed me here by joining after I did. To follow someone is to proceed them. How could a mental giant like you not understand that ?
lol true, true. you know its pretty sad too when the entire country is basically run on a a work of fiction. i think im gonna petition the country be run on the harry potter books now.  You realize you're betting your eternal soul that what I believe is based on a work of fiction, dont you ?
Christians are misogynistic hate-mongers who believe in a fairy tale God. They need to embrace diversity and science. They talk love but are barely deal with anything that doesn't resemble what they see in the mirror, let alone love it. Really, I say this with love and concern for the folly of their ways.  Now - tell me how does your version of "civility" feel?  That isn't my version of civility, it's my version of debating blind and ignorant people who have no clue about what they are really saying. Thanks for the example of blind ignorance.  With all due respect, for future reference when you set out to show concern for someone. Saying you feel sorry for someone by telling them they are reprobate or have no moral center. Let's just say that that isn't showing empathy. It's about as aggressive and ignorant a tact as one can take if they sincerely want to make peace.  I wasn't attempting to empathize with you when i said those things, I was being honest with you about your spiritual condition. Learn to tell the difference and I wont have to repeat myself.
You realize despite your statements that Christanity isn't a religion of fear you almost instinctly fall back upon fear based arguments?   That does suggest that your believe largely because you're afraid of Hell, not because the religion is inherently true.  Isn't all law based on fear ? You get punished if you commit a crime.
There is no such thing as an eternal soul. If there were, you'd be able to show it to us. You can't. Your fear is based on a fiction.   Why is that so ? Can you see a radio wave ?
I didn't follow you, jerk. I joined the forum after you did, but it wasn't because of you. Talk about oblivious. Man, your ego is unbelievable.  Now you're sounding like the irrational ravin we all know and love. You see, you remind me of someone too. It's scary to think that there can be two of you. emoticon_xgood
There is no such thing as an eternal soul. If there were, you'd be able to show it to us. You can't. Your fear is based on a fiction.  It's your soul samiinh, aren't you aware of that spiritual part of your own being ? I guess not since you don't even believe it exists. Then you are also saying you're an atheist too huh ?
he called my views twisted and he called my statements ignorant. how is that different from my emotional views?  Twisted merely means that there is spin on the view that is out of the ordinary for the words used. Ignorant means without knowlege. At least not in evidence.  HOw you feel about something is not evidence it is only what you feel. Our feelings are changed by bad meat.  huck
Excellent post huck, and I take it to heart. But even posts I have made with sensitivity have been met with insults and condescending attacks based on their seemingly superior intellect. And although I share the Gospel truth out of love and concern with an eternal perspective. These libs are the most unlovable people on Earth and I truly struggle with being more civil with them when they aren't civil with me at all. I will try if they will, but I wont allow them to attack my beliefs or insult my intelligence for knowing my maker without responding in kind.  Consider then, How jesus felt on the cross. And yet he took the attacks on his beliefs and insults. He was God was he not? At least that is the doctrine that I have heard from friends. You were unlovable were you not? Jesus still loved you knowing what you needed did he not?  Not that this would be an easy place to be certainly. It says somewhere in the bible that one should rejoice when you are reviled and hated by men as your reward will be great in heaven.  Huck
What does this have to do with gay marriage?  So, if you never posted on the NY Times website, how could I have "followed you here"? I believe you are the same poster, fwiw. If not, you could be brothers.  so what does this have to do with gay marriage. I was not speaking to you and my comments were directed to someone else. I spoke at his level with what he knows in an attempt to help him understand some things from his own world view. I facilitated discussion.  Your quote here, does it do the same? Probably. Your point is irrelevant.
To archangel:  If you were truly practicing morality, you would be more respectful of gay people and not so judgmental. I am not "abnormal." I do not deserve to be spoken of with such disrespect. You owe gay people an apology, sir.  Sorry you feel that way prof. I can assure you that i have no feelings of hate for you at all. I do stand by my statements though regarding the gay agenda and the gay LIFESTYLE. This isn't to condemn the gay person as they are as intertwined in an unhealthy lifestyle as is the straight fornicator who cheats on his wife and participates in orgies.   A righteous and Holy God sees no difference in either lifestyle. Both are self destructive and hurt those who practice them.   Originally Posted by Archangel  The real Gay Agenda is about normalizing abnormal behavior, and about forcing 95% of Society to accept those abnormal and unnatural practices of the other 5% that is proven to be unnatural because if it ever became the majority of the human race in practice, we would gay ourselves right out of existence as a species. approximately 5% of human beings commit violent or illegal crimes against their fellow man, should we then normalize their right to kill, maim, and rob others because for them it's normal ?  Does basic human morality play no part in our deciding what is right and wrong anymore ? Are we now a total and complete REPROBATE Society where wrong is now seen as right and normal, and right is now seen as wrong and abnormal ? I guess it is for a growing majority, but it doesn't mean you are right. It simply means that we are that much closer to the point of our own self destruction. Enjoy the time left as you run to destruction with your fingers in your ears.    Perhaps. But the use of religion as a control without actual threat of physical force doesn't necessarily work as you can see with many people rejecting Arch's believe-or-burn stance. Furthermore, I recall there are no passages where Jesus uses threats of force to get people to do anything. IMO, Christanity barely resembles what Jesus taught.  See, here you go again child. Where have I used threats of force in any way in this debate ? Why must your mantra be lie at all cost, and if called on the lie then lie again ? Debating with the likes of you disgusts me to my core as you wouldn't know the truth if you were buried in it.
The problem with this argument is that you do not know anything about my "lifestyle." You make assumptions about gay people's "lifestyles," but our "lifestyles" are all different, just as the "lifestyles" of heterosexuals are all different.   I agree with you here and realize we all make generalizations about each other in this life. Just as I must constantly defend myself against the generalizations made by many here that all Christians are violent haters who wish to impose our lifestyle on everyone else when in the course of answering specific questions raised in these debates, we dare to give our opinions as to how we wish things were. The leap is constantly made that our motivation is fear and oppression.   And I also realize that all gay people aren't involved in promoting the radical gay agenda. It isn't my desire to lump you all in the same mold. But unfortunately because you all are seeking the same end result regarding gay marriage, we remain on opposing sides of that issue. I would fight to protect your civil and human rights. But the radical gay groups work 24/7 trying to nullify the morals and values that we believe have made America the greatest Country on Earth, not perfect mind you, but the greatest none the less.  You must admit that assumptions are made on both sides of this debate and as one of the few conservatives here I am defending the views of my side. My motivation isn't to condemn or insult anyone here, but I have been responding to offensive personal attacks too and have taking aim at the radical gay agenda in my critiques. If what I have said doesn't apply to you, then please don't take it personally. When someone here attacks the motives of radical islam, I'm not offended even though I'm an arab because I know I'm not a radical moslem.   When Conservative Christians are portrayed as violent haters I do respond because I know that isn't who believers are either. So allow me some leeway for being the minority here against a majority who oppose my views.
the radical gay groups work 24/7 trying to nullify the morals and values Could you be more specific as to which morals and values are being nullified? Thank you in advance.  First, in order to be fair, let's post my whole passage as quoting just the part you did changes the meaning of what i actually said.  But the radical gay groups work 24/7 trying to nullify the morals and values that we believe have made America the greatest Country on Earth, not perfect mind you, but the greatest none the less.  We not only export products and technology from the USA, but possibly our largest export is our Pop Culture. As a small but very vocal segment of our population is calling for the legalization of gay marriage and the acceptance and normalization of the radical gay culture; and don't say it isn't happening because they are the most vocal and activist among you. You fail to acknowledge or concern yourselves with a whole Word surrounding us that still deems homosexuality as either a criminal offense, a disease, or a sin worthy of death.  Look at China, the largest single population on Earth. I dare you to go to Beijing and proudly declare you are gay on a street corner. Or India and Pakistan which also have populations in excess of a billion people. Go to Malaysia or North Korea and be outwardly flamboyant and see what happens to your freedom of choice. Now let's hop over to virtually any Middle Eastern or Islamic Country you want to deal with. The out of the closet gay would be beheaded at noon in the market square as an infidel.   We have just covered more than two thirds of the Worlds population who must hide their gayness in order to simply remain free of persecution or death. And there are more I haven't touched on. Now I'm not sanctioning the injustices that exist elsewhere but I'm pointing out how fair this Country has been in spite of the universally accepted unnaturalness and criminality the Homosexual act is viewed with.  Personally speaking I believe that "Don't ask, Don't tell" is a bad joke on our Society and gays should be able to proudly serve in our military without being expected to hide their true identities. I would inject myself in a situation if I walked upon a gay or any minority being abused in any way by a bigot or a racist, and I did when I lived in the South and it happened.   But my question to you all is why aren't your pro equal rights organizations fighting the powers that be around the World who hold down your brothers and sisters who must live in fear of being found out for who they really are, My questions are, why don't you worry about the homosexuals in the rest of the World and the abuses they suffer ? Their murders and torture. Their imprisonment in retraining camps that drives the effeminate mannerisms out of them in the more merciful Countries that don't just kill them as defectives ?   rather than attempt to force the 95% of your fellow Americans who have supported all the laws to protect your 5% from civil and human rights abuses, who support fair employment and equal opportunity, to also accept gay marriage as normal when it defies our original definition of marriage because two gays have no hope of being able to reproduce naturally. We believe it will lead to the destruction of the traditional family and will completely tear down the core values that once existed in America. And based on the loss of respect to America by the rest of the World who condemns our current culture and lifestyle, it seems to be hurting us in ways we refuse to consider as of late.   You all will say you love America and yet all you can see is what you want with no consideration at all for the effect it is and will have on the Country and culture you claim to love so much. I'm sure you've heard that with freedom comes responsibility. I believe that if we continue to shirk our responsibility as the most ethical Nation on Earth with the most enlightened Bill of Rights and Constitution known to man, then we will surely lose the freedoms outlined in those documents that have made us the Greatest Superpower that has ever existed.  So please don't think my fight is based on some shallow hate filled desire to oppress others who disagree with my world view, my concern is for the survival of my Country which I believe has been blessed by God because of what we have stood for in spite of the sins of our youth as a Nation. He blessed us because of the inherent good in those documents that led us to right the wrongs that most other Nations still suffer under. I could go on but I've said enough for now.
True, but such laws do not follow us to the grave. What Arch's religious belief system seems to be based on is fear of what may happen, rather then the truth of his religion. That's a terrible foundation for religious beliefs. When he runs into someone who disagress with his religious beliefs, he invariably threatens them with what may happen. People have stated Christanity is a religion of fear for years. It's not much of a guess why.  I know this is going back a few posts. The sad part is that I have not found christianity to be a religion of fear but one that communicates a lot of hope. It is not for fear of punishment that the christians I know have turned to God but rather they seem genuinely in love with Jesus. In fact, those that I know that are actually afraid of punishment in the afterlife will have nothing to do with christianity.   Huck
Then we have had very different experiences for the most part. I will admit though non-denomination Christians tend to focus on the hope, while the denominational based christians I have met tend to focus on fear.     And many Christians I know believe because of fear.    Then why do some christians rely heavily upon "believe or burn" arguments as Arch does? Is that not a sign that their belief system is heavily based upon fear?  I suspect, those that try to get people to believe because of the potential of eternal damnation probably are afraid of that very thing themselves. I will admit also that the nondenominational types do tend along the lines you suggest. I also find that true of episcopalians (sic?) and also the menonites. I also find it true among non american missionary churches.  Those that do the fear based thinking, I surmise, still have a lot of compassion for the person as they do not WANT to see them "burn". I think Ohio hit the nail on the head. The human condition is such that this is what we all do.  Huck
Hey Archangel aka Gawd - --  One of my best friends is from Bangalore and she thinks your spout a crock of :xcensored , too.  When will you learn to not to speak for others?  When you do. And thanks for lowering the level of the debate another notch.
What about the Domionists? Do they care about other people or do they just care about POWER?  I just did a google search and couldn't find a Dominionist Web Site at all. The only articles I could find on this devious organization are from radical Left leaning groups that I believe are making this group up as a red herring to create a reason to promote fear of Christians. Would you be so kind as to post a link to the Dominionist web site that outlines their agenda to take over the Country ?
Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel View Post We believe it will lead to the destruction of the traditional family and will completely tear down the core values that once existed in America.  Your fellow "christians" have used this fearmongering argument before every time gay marriage has been allowed in a country (even in a state of the US) - and whaddaya know- every time it has turned out to be a load of . But then again, we already knew the predictive skills of "Christians" tend to be sub-par.  They used the same arguments against inter-racial marriage as well 40 years ago.  Religion is irrelevent. Marriage is ingrained to be between people of opposite genders.  Apart from a couple of small Bhuddist sects this has been the position of society and religions since the year dot.  Polygamous, inter-racial or whatever marriage has been a gender thing.  That is what you have to convince people to change whether they are Christian, Islamic, Hindu or whatever
What about the Domionists? Do they care about other people or do they just care about POWER?  Just go to Jerry Falwell or Pat Robertson and learn what you need to know.  So what you're saying is that you can't produce one objective, independent site or source that is by the Dominionists themselves as evidence that they are an actual existing group or organization. If you could, you would have. This is just one more example of the diabolical agenda of the Radical Left to make people fear Christianity based on more lies and deception. Thanks for revealing who the real paranoid fearmongers are. emoticon_xangel
"Ingrained" by whom? What does "ingrained" mean? Marriage is institutionalized in various ways, which vary according to the society and according to the time period.   There are a few societies now in which same-sex marriage is institutionalized. Heterosexual marriages have not collapsed in those societies.   If you think that legalizing same-sex marriage will somehow destroy opposite-sex marriage, then opposite-sex marriage must be a very weak institution indeed. The argument is absurd, frankly. No one has ever presented ANY evidence that legalizing same-sex marriage will do anything to undermine opposite-sex marriage. No one has ever offered a credible explanation for HOW legalizing same-sex marriage will undermine opposite-sex marriage. The argument makes no sense. The reason why people oppose same-sex marriage is because they harbor prejudice against gay people. Many folks don't want to admit that, but it's true.  Your last paragraph is irrelevant. It is not about same-sex marriage destroying opposite-sex marriage. It is about marriage being seen as opposite sex i.e. marriage is opposite-sex not same-sex
Do your own homework, buddy.  Then stop making assertions you can't back up with evidence. I already told you I googled it and found nothing at all by a Dominionist Organization at all. But you implied it's a real group so prove it or else don't attempt to use it as a method of demonizing Christians as a group. The reason why you lefties must lie and cheat to win is because the truth is repugnent and foreign to you.   And Samiinh, it's fascinating that you posted that article but declined to post the link. How corrupt are you to with hold the link because it's from a Leftist site that os promoting the lie of the Dominionist's existence without producing any more proof than you did.  I could post a link on Google right now asserting that all Lefties of the Socialist, Democratic Party persuasion are in fact Satan Worshipers who sacrifice the babies they kidnap from Republican Christians on an alter to the devil at each full moon. Posting it wouldn't make it true. Even though on its surface it's much more credible than your bogus story about Christian Dominionists.   Now post a link with your slanderous article or delete it for the lie that it is.
Oh yeah? You seem pretty damn vocal yourself. So what?     NOt meaning to put to fine a point on things but this is a bit ridiculous. It is along the lines of "says you".  I did not even read the rest of your post.   Everyone, can we just stick to the issues? Stop all the personal bull?
Practice what you preach.  ("Gays) destroying the nuclear family, the American family, marriage, etc. " You have been asked by two people in this thread alone for some tangible evidence to back up those assertations.  OK fine, this link doesn't specifically mention gays but it deals with the secularization of our Society and relies on the same arguments you use ad infinitum and shows how your precise reasoning is leading to our demise as the family unit is destroyed. And it isn't from a religious site. Here's an excerpt that outlines the damage done by secularism.  America's Schizophrenic Culture  America has developed a schizophrenic culture. On the one hand, we have attained unprecedented heights of material success and prosperity On the other hand, we have been unable to maintain a solid moral character, family stability, safe communities, and a harmonious and happy society. This contradiction is manifest in individual lives. We instill in our youth a strong desire for material success and prosperity yet we fail to teach the values that are necessary to build good character, strong families, and a harmonious society.  A Vicious Cycle  The moral compass of our society, the conscience, has been corrupted and a vicious cycle is being generated. Children born and raised in dysfunctional families in which they do not receive the love of parents necessary to instill the sense of value, empathy for others, self-discipline, and good character necessary for a healthy society are less likely to form lasting intimate relationships which develop into committed marriages and stable families. As this cycle expands, society's problems multiply. If we are to renew American society, it is imperative that we break the cycle of family breakdown. In order to do this however, it is necessary to understand more about the cultural climate of 20th century America and to identify certain ideas which have suborned and weakened the power of the conscience in today's society.  Ideas Have Consequences  Ideas have consequences. People act the way that they do because they think in certain ways, because they hold certain beliefs. This is true for individuals and it is also true for a society or culture. In the modern world, certain institutions - the universities, schools, the media and the entertainment industry - have a major influence in shaping our understanding of ourselves and the world. The ideas and images which are communicated not only influence the actions of individuals; they have a profound influence on public policy which in turn further affects our life and our decisions.  Secular "Modern" Ideas  Truth is truth. Ideally truth discovered by science and reason should be in agreement with truth revealed by religion and work in harmony to help create a healthy society in a prosperous and productive environment. In practice, however, this has not often been the case. A later lecture will contain a more full discussion of the development and relationship between secular thought, tracing it's antecedents back to the Greek Hellenism, and sacred thought, which in our tradition have been based primarily upon the Bible.  In this short presentation, there is not time to explore the tremendous social changes that have occurred in the past several hundred years and the complex interplay of secular and religious thought. For our purposes, I will simply say that building on the thought of the Enlightenment and inspired by the rapid development of science, many thinkers in the 19th century rejected the authenticity of divine revelation and called into question basic principles of Judeo-Christian culture. Based upon 19th century conceptions of science, a number of thinkers with a secular bias sought to develop a modern scientific conception of man and the universe. In the process of this development, several ideas were expounded which have contributed to modern man's separation from God, and confused our comprehension of basic moral truths. As these ideas have been propagated, people's consciences have been weakened, and this has helped to create a climate in which the breakdown of the family has been occurring. I would like to pinpoint a number of these ideas and trace their development through some of our major institutions.  The following ideas in combination have been particularly harmful:  God, religion, and questions of morality are matters of personal opinion which have little or no relevance to social problems. Man is a highly evolved animal. There are no absolute standards; values are relative. The nuclear family is a product of social evolution and is just one of a number of possible forms of social organization. Societies problems can be solved by technology and the social sciences with a particular emphasis on the role of the state in social engineering. Traditional Religious Beliefs  This is in contrast to Judeo-Christian beliefs as well as other traditional cultures which have asserted that:  There is a God Man is a spiritual being who depends upon a relationship with the divine to discover and fulfill his purpose in life There are universal and absolute moral principles The nuclear family is not only the central foundation for the transmission of social values but is a sacred institution protected by very clear standards of sexual morality. Erroneous Notions of Modernism  In the following remarks, I look at several thinkers who have had a profound influence on the 20th century. Let me clarify that I am not attacking them personally, I am not pretending to give a systematic presentation of their philosophy, and I am not saying that they that they were evil or totally wrong in all of their views. What I would like to do is look at the impact that some of their ideas had - how those ideas have been popularly received by the culture - and how they contributed to and gave currency to the notions mentioned above.  A. God, religion, and questions of morality are matters of personal opinion which have little or no relevance to social problems.  Auguste Comte who lived in France from 1798 to 1857 was the father of Positivism and the founder of the Sociology. Positivism maintains that the only way that verifiable truth can be ascertained is through the empirical methods of science. Because statements of a religious, moral or metaphysical nature can not be verified, they are not objective truths. Though they may have emotional value, they are opinion rather than scientific truth. Comte proposed that scientific methods should be used to study society and human behavior and for this purpose he founded sociology. The founding of sociology was followed by the establishment of several other disciplines of social science such as anthropology, psychology, political science, and the development of social statistics. The principles of positivism also influenced the study of history, law, and philosophy. In fact, the social sciences played a major role in the development of the 20th century university. As the university became the central institution for training the leadership of modern America, the social sciences with their positivistic bias became the wellspring of the progressive movement and the modern liberal state. The army of bureaucrats who man numerous administrative agencies of the modern state are evidence of the legacy of positivism. For you legislators, the next time a representative of a government agency testifies before your committee with a barrage of social statistics, say a little thank you to Auguste.  B. Man as Animal: Evolution as a Result of Random Mutations  The publication of Charles Darwin's Origin of Species in 1859 was a second milestone in the development of the modernist viewpoint. Darwin's theory that evolution takes place through a process of natural selection based upon random genetic mutations not only suggested that man is merely a physical animal. His emphasis on the random nature of genetic mutation implies that there is no inherent order to the universe and no creative design. If evolution is determined by chance, then some other form of life could just as easily have developed to a position of ascendancy. Science can explain the ascent of man better than religion. There is no need for belief in God to explain man's existence. Indeed, God, morality, and religion each can be viewed as mere creations of the human mind. As man's brain evolved to the point that he developed intelligence and the capability of abstract thought, man created religion in his attempt to explain natural phenomena. God didn't create man; man created God.  C. Relative Values  In Thus Spoke Zarathustra, written by Friedrich Nietzsche between 1883 and 1885, Zarathustra proclaims  Before God! But now this god has died. You higher men, this god was your greatest danger. It is only since he lies in his tomb that you have been resurrected. Only now the great noon comes; only now the higher man becomes lord. Have you understood this word. O my brothers? You are startled? Do your hearts become giddy? Does the abyss yawn before you? Does the hellhound howl at you? Well then you higher men! Only now is the mountain of man's future in labor. God died: now we want the overman to live. (translation by Walter Kaufman) Nietzsche was announcing the demise of traditional values and moral restraints of Christian society and the potential for powerful creative individuals to create their own values freed from the restraints of "the morality of the herd." As Alan Bloom states in his book Closing the American Mind:  Values are not discovered by reason, and it is useless to seek them, to find the truth or the good life. The quest begun by Odysseus and continued for over three thousand millennia has come to an end with the observation that there is nothing to seek. This alleged fact was announced by Nietzsche just over a century ago when he said, "God is dead." Good and evil now appear for the first time as values, of which there have been a thousand and one, none rationally or objectively preferable to one another. (p. 143) Once man is deprived man of a standard of value based on faith in divine revelation, reason itself is incapable of defining any absolute standard of value. Bloom describes in his book how the concept of relative values became extremely influential in American universities after World War II.  D. The Nature and Role of Human Sexuality  In his clinical work with women suffering from hysteria, Sigmund Freud discovered that sexual frustration seemed to be the common cause of their neuroses. In time, Freud developed a theory of personality emphasizing the determining power of unconscious sexual drives. The central principle of the personality is the pleasure principle. The unconscious id or libido is the dominant factor in the human psyche and its strongest impulse is the desire for sexual gratification. The ego, or consciousness is the rational faculty which seeks to adapt the needs of the id to its environment. The superego, which we would generally identify as the conscience, is the composite of parental taboos and rewards which are imbedded in our in our formative years. In the case of Western civilization, the monogamous family as a social institution is a culturally derived attempt of a patriarchal society to control sexuality. Strict monogamy can cause sexual repression and thus give rise to individual and social neuroses. Religion itself is a creation of the unconscious mind, an "illusion", similar to a neuroses, which is generated by the unconscious to reinforce the predominant social mores. In other words, a patriarchal society creates a Father God to replace the father figure of childhood and maintain the control of the superego.  Here is a representative quote form one of Freud's later and most widely read works:  The tendency on the part of civilization to restrict sexual life is no less clear than its tendency to expand the cultural unit. Its first, totemic, phase already brings with it the prohibition against an incestuous choice of object, and this is perhaps the most drastic mutilation which man's erotic life has in all time experienced. Taboos, laws, customs impose further restrictions, which affect both men and women. Not all civilizations go equally far in this; and the economic structure of the society also influences the amount of sexual freedom that remains.... A high-water mark has been reached in our Western Civilization.... As regards the sexually mature individual, the choice of an object is restricted to the opposite sex, and most extra-genital satisfactions are forbidden as perversions. The requirement, demonstrated in these prohibitions, that there be a single kind of sex life for everyone, disregards the dissimilarities, whether innate or acquired, in the sexual constitution of human beings. It cuts off a fair number of them from sexual enjoyment, and so becomes a source of serious injustice. (Freud, Civilization and Its Discontents, 1930) As Freud's ideas gained popularity they gave rise to the notion that sexual repression is unhealthy and that morality is artificial. Such notions are at the root of the sexual revolution of the 1960's, the sexual liberation movements as well as many of the ideas which determine the bias of sex education and school policy to this day. In a more general sense the pervasive influence of the popular concepts of Freud created a general climate in which it is easy for anyone to rationalize the immorality and infidelity which lead to teen pregnancy, and family breakdown.  The Institutionalization of Secular Relativistic Ideas  Now I would like to take a brief look at how these "modern" ideas have influenced the major institutions of 20th century America and have helped to create a moral and cultural climate which has contributed to the breakdown of the family in the last three decades of this century.  A. The University  The university has come to play a central role in 20th century America. Our teachers, our journalists, our policy makers, our lawyers, our writers, and our bureaucrats are all university educated. As emphasized earlier, the 20th century university has emphasized a scientific, empirical approach not only in the hard sciences but in the social sciences as well. University education has embraced the secular ideas of modernism. Whereas, in the 18th and 19th century our most important universities were founded initially as seminaries and theology was seen as the queen of the sciences, gradually the situation changed and the sciences and the social sciences became dominant with government funding for social and scientific research. University students learned to view the universe through a modernist viewpoint emphasizing relative values and man's secular nature. Needless to say such ideas influenced their personal morality. Moreover, graduates have carried these ideas with them into their work in education, media, and public policy.  B. The Public Education System  John Dewey had a long career extending from the last decade of the 19th century through the first half of the 20th. According to John Westbrook, author of John Dewey and American Democracy:  The consensus of opinion, including that of those critical of Dewey's social philosophy, is that he was a major influence on the ideology of modern liberalism and that Deweyan pragmatism is the most articulate expression of the philosophical foundation of this ideology, an ideology that has dominated political and social intercourse in twentieth-century America. Dewey was especially influential in the field of education. As chairman of the department of philosophy, psychology and education at the University of Chicago from 1894 to 1904, he helped to found the famous Dewey School, a laboratory school designed to test and develop his psychological and educational theories. In 1904 he went to Columbia University where remained until his retirement in 1930. The Columbia Teachers College trained teachers for the United States and schools around the world and Dewey's philosophy had a major impact on education. Expressing his pedagogic creed in 1897, Dewey declared: "I believe... the teacher is engaged, not simply in the training of individuals, but in the formation of the proper social life... that he is a social servant set apart for the maintenance of proper social order and the securing of the right social growth."  Says Westbrook:  Dewey's conviction ... reflected his belief that "education is the fundamental method of social progress and reform." There is a certain logic to this belief. Insofar as schools played an important part in the shaping of the character of a society's children, they could if they were designed to do so, fundamentally transform the society. The school provided a relatively controlled environment in which the conditions of self-development could effectively shape its course. Indeed, if teachers did their job well, there would hardly be need of any other sort of reform. (John Dewey and American Democracy, p. 109) Inspired and guided by this mission, American public education in the 20th century became the vehicle for implementing and testing the latest social theories out of the secular academic world.  http://www.tparents.org/Library/Unification/Talks/Colvin/secular.htm
Here's the Christian perspective:  This item is available on the Apologetics Press website at: http://www.apologeticspress.org/articles/3105  AP Content :: In the News  Destruction of Marriage Equals Destruction of America by Dave Miller, Ph.D.  Since the God of the Bible exists (a fact that can be proven-see Flew and Warren, 1977), then the foundational building block of human civilization is the family as God designed it. He created one man for one woman for life (Genesis 2:24; Matthew 19:3-12; 1 Corinthians 7:1ff.). All deviations from that fundamental norm (e.g., polygamy, bigamy, and homosexuality) contribute to the breakdown of the ethical fabric of society. On the Day of Judgment, homosexuality and same-sex marriage surely will be pinpointed as one of the foremost culprits responsible for the dissolution of moral cohesion at this moment in American history. The militancy, arrogance, and unmitigated defiance that homosexual activists continue to manifest is astounding-and only underscores the absolute essentiality of those who embrace traditional American (i.e., Christian) values to rise up and oppose their efforts.  Instances of the insane and suicidal determination to destroy society's moral underpinnings are occurring with increasing frequency. One recent example involves a lesbian couple from Rhode Island. Though the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts legalized same-sex marriage in 2004, a law remains on the books there that prevents issuance of a license to out-of-state couples if their home state would refuse to recognize their marriage. The Rhode Island couple filed suit in Massachusetts in an effort to gain recognition of their "marriage" in Massachusetts which, in turn, they hope will enable them to gain recognition in their home state. The superior court has now ruled in favor of the couple (Cote-Whitacre v..., 2006).  Similar pressure to conform to the politically correct agenda is seen in the widespread capitulation of America's corporate community to threats, coercion, and intimidation by gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender activists. Though corporations have been targeted for many years, homosexual forces are stepping up their efforts to force corporations to include "sexual orientation" in their non-discrimination policies. To be "gay friendly" is defined as supporting transgender workers, offering "inclusive" health insurance and other benefits, requiring diversity training for employees, and spending advertising money with GLBT organizations (Unruh, 2006). In other words, force everyone to endorse (not merely tolerate) the homosexual lifestyle. Bully employees into silence by stifling all free speech that questions the morality of homosexuality.  The success of the gay rights community along this line is alarming and heart-breaking. The Human Rights Campaign (HRC), the largest national homosexual political organization, reports an unprecedented 138 major U.S. corporations as having earned a top rating of 100% in their accommodation of alternative sexual lifestyles ("America's Pro-Homosexual Giants...," 2006). Some corporations quietly acquiesce. Others seem to jump on board the homosexual bandwagon with vigorous militancy. For example, Wal-Mart, the largest retailer in the world, has asserted its enthusiastic support of the gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender movement by initiating permission to join the National Gay and Lesbian Chamber of Commerce, as well as sponsoring the LGBT Diversity Week at a state university ("Wal-Mart Asks for...," 2006; "Boise State...," 2006). Likewise, Ford Motor Company is pursuing the same flagrant conduct ("Boycott...," 2006). So are Walgreens (Sharp, 2005), Starbucks (Kleppinger, 2005), and many others. With the intense pressure to submit to political correctness, it is surprising that some major corporations are thus far resisting the intimidation by remaining unwilling to sign onto the homosexual agenda, including Reebok, Northwest Airlines, The Men's Wearhouse, J.C. Penney, Nissan, Gallup, Kroger, Cooper Tire, Circuit City, Radio Shack, and Toys "R" Us (Unruh, 2006).  What is the ultimate outcome of this surrealistic inundation of America by outright paganism and moral depravity? What inevitably must happen to any country or society that enshrines morally deviant behavior by undermining the biblical definition of marriage? The social stability of that nation is placed in dire jeopardy. Its demise is inevitable (see Miller, 2005). Indeed, in 1848, the Supreme Court of South Carolina articulated the sentiment of the Founders and early Americans regarding what would happen to America if a sizeable portion of its citizenry ever abandoned Christian morality:  What constitutes the standard of good morals? Is it not Christianity? There certainly is none other. Say that cannot be appealed to and...what would be good morals? The day of moral virtue in which we live would, in an instant, if that standard were abolished, lapse into the dark and murky night of pagan immorality (City Council of Charleston..., emp. added).  The nation is headed swiftly in that direction. The destruction of marriage will inevitably result in the destruction of the nation.  REFERENCES "America's Pro-Homosexual Giants: 2006" (2006), WorldNetDaily, September 20, [On-line], URL: http://www.wnd.com/news/article.asp?ARTICLE_ID=52052.  "Boise State University Recognizes LGBT Diversity Week with Series of Events" (2006), Boise State Office of Communications and Marketing News Release, September 25, [On-line], URL: http://news.boisestate.edu/newsrelease/092006/0925gaydiversity.shtml.  "BoycottFord.com" (2006), American Family Association, [On-line], URL: http://www.boycottford.com/.  City Council of Charleston v. Benjamin (1848), 2 Strob. L. 508 (S. C. 1848).  Cote-Whitacre v. Department of Public Health (2006), Commonwealth of Massachusetts Superior Court, 446 Mass. 350,352, No. 04-2656, [On-line], URL: http://www.glad.org/marriage/Cote-Whitacre/9_29_06.pdf.  Flew, Antony G.N. and Thomas B. Warren (1977), Warren-Flew Debate (Jonesboro, AR: National Christian Press).  Kleppinger, Meghan (2005), Starbucks: A Habit Easily Broken," WorldNetDaily, August 25, [On-line], URL: http://states.cwfa.org/articledisplay.asp?id=8788&department=FIELD&categoryid= nation.  Miller, Dave (2005), "Is America's Iniquity Full?" [On-line], URL: http://www.apologeticspress.org/articles/305.  Sharp, Randy (2005), "Walgreens' Wayward Wisdom-Supporting Gay Games," Agape Press, October 21, [On-line], URL: http://headlines.agapepress.org/archive/10/afa/212005gst.asp.  Unruh, Bob (2006), "Corporate America Gets 'Gay'-Friendlier," WorldNetDaily, September 20, [On-line], URL: http://www.wnd.com/news/article.asp?ARTICLE_ID=52060.  "Wal-Mart Asks for, and Receives, Permission to Join Homosexual Marriage Group" (2006), American Family Association, [On-line], URL: http://www.afa.net/Petitions/IssueDetail.asp?id=210.    Copyright  2006 Apologetics Press, Inc. All rights reserved. We are happy to grant permission for items in the "In the News" section to be reproduced in their entirety, as long as the following stipulations are observed: (1) Apologetics Press must be designated as the original publisher; (2) the specific Apologetics Press Web site URL must be noted; (3) the author's name must remain attached to the materials; (4) any references, footnotes, or endnotes that accompany the article must be included with any written reproduction of the article; (5) alterations of any kind are strictly forbidden (e.g., photographs, charts, graphics, quotations, etc. must be reproduced exactly as they appear in the original); (6) serialization of written material (e.g., running an article in several parts) is permitted, as long as the whole of the material is made available, without editing, in a reasonable length of time; (7) articles, in whole or in part, may not be offered for sale or included in items offered for sale; and (8) articles may be reproduced in electronic form for posting on Web sites pending they are not edited or altered from their original content and that credit is given to Apologetics Press, including the web location from which the articles were taken.  For catalog, samples, or further information, contact:  Apologetics Press  230 Landmark Drive  Montgomery, Alabama 36117  U.S.A.  Phone (334) 272-8558  http://www.apologeticspress.org
The 3 sects of evangelical dominionism  There are three predominant sects (or movements) that propagate dominion theology which hold considerable influence over evangelicaldom.  1. SPIRITUAL WARFARE PRAYER movement: The Kingdom of God must be advanced on Earth through hyper-spiritual "warfare" activities against the devil. A veritable supermarket of verbal and physical prayer techniques such as chanting, walks, and marches are employed in this effort. Believers are told their prayer power creates spiritual "canopies" over regions, preparing the way for "revival." In this sense, prayer warfare is seen as preparatory work so that the other two movements can build the kingdom. Recently the contemplative prayer movement - which includes meditation, fasting, and labyrinths - has been brought into the spiritual warfare prayer "arsenal." Prayer serves as a convenient decoy for covert operations. All three sects are utilizing massive statistical databanking resources (e.g., the World Prayer Center in Colorado Springs) and sophisticated psycho-social group manipulations to forge kingdom "transformation." One key leader of this sect is Cindy Jacobs, who is closely associated with C. Peter Wagner (see below). Her website http://www.generals.org epitomizes the militant doctrines and practices of the spiritual warfare sect.   Prayer before fighting  Our calling is to be worshippers, warriors, and workers. We must first offer our lives as a living sacrifice in worship to God. From our worship will flow our intercession and warfare as we fight with weapons of righteousness in our right hand and in our left. Only after we have worshipped our God and fought the fight in the Spirit will we proceed to work in the harvest fields, advancing the Kingdom of God.8 [emphasis added]      Promoting these prayer warfare activities are hyper-charismatics from the "signs and wonders" movement, which include self-anointed, self-appointed "apostles" and "prophets" who are preparing to govern the world through their "New Apostolic Reformation." This dominionist sect is a direct offshoot of the Latter Rain cult (also known as Joel's Army or Manifest Sons of God).9 Chief architect of this movement for the past two decades is C. Peter Wagner, President of Global Harvest Ministries and Chancellor of the Wagner Leadership Institute. His spiritual warfare teachings have been widely disseminated through mission networks such as AD 2000, which was closely associated with the Lausanne Movement. A prominent individual connected to this sect is Ted Haggard, current head of the National Association of Evangelicals.10    The New Apostolic Reformation  Since 2001, the body of Christ has been in the Second Apostolic Age. The apostolic/prophetic government of the church is now in place. . . . [W]e began to build our base by locating and identifying with the intercessory prayer movements. This time, however, we feel that God wants us to start governmentally, connecting with the apostles of the region. God has already raised up for us a key apostle in one of the strategic nations of the Middle East, and other apostles are already coming on board. Once we have the apostles in place, we will then bring the intercessors and the prophets into the inner circle, and we will end up with the spiritual core we need to move ahead for retaking the dominion that is rightfully ours.11 [emphasis added]  C. Peter Wagner    2. MISSION AS TRANSFORMATION movement: The words "revival," "reformation" and "transformation" now carry embedded dominionist connotations. "Fulfilling the Great Commission" (Matthew 28:18-20) no longer means spreading the Gospel message by speaking the Word of salvation from the Bible. The dominionist focus is placed upon the phrase making disciples, with an incorrect exegesis that is disconcertingly compulsory. Traditional mission evangelism, done one-on-one using the Bible, is being replaced with a slew of "kingdom building" corporate activities for cities, regions and nations. The disingenuous phrase "bless the nations" is often used to conceal dominionism. Dr. Bill Bright of Campus Crusade for Christ International and Ralph Winter, founder of the U.S. Center for World Mission and editor of the Perspectives on the World Christian Movement curriculum (which has taught dominionism to an entire generation of missionaries), have been among the chief architects of this movement.12   Dominionism supplants biblical evangelism  "The Church must grow past the 'Gospel of Salvation' message and understand that it is only when we begin to implement the principles of the 'Gospel of the kingdom' that we will really begin to see change in lives and cities and nations. The Church has no understanding of this realm. . . The Church must grow up. . . . 13 [emphasis added]  Dale Neill, president of ICCC    Beyond Salvation  ". . . God's concern goes beyond the salvation of individual people. His redemptive plan encompasses the healing and transformation of entire nations . . . . Nations are discipled as the church makes the invisible Kingdom visible by faithful obedience to God's Word throughout culture--in every area of life, and every realm of society including the family, the community, the arts, sciences, media, law, government, schools, or business. . . ."14 [emphasis added]  Disciple the Nations    3. PATRIOTIC AMERICAN movement: Patriotic dominionists, most of whom are not Reconstructionists, teach that political action will advance the kingdom of God in America. Using the vehicle of Christian media, they have taught evangelicals for the past three decades that America is a Christian nation and needs to return to its roots. Almost every evangelical in the pew has been influenced in one way or another by this sect. Patriotic dominionist leaders and their organizations have been closely interlocked financially and politically with the conservatives from the political Right. The secular conservatives purport to uphold morality, which appeals to evangelicals. The combined force of conservatives and evangelicals flexes its political muscles in Washington. One of its most powerful leaders is James Dobson of Focus on the Family. Patriotic dominionism was widely disseminated through the activities of Jay Grimstead, founder of Coalition on Revival (COR). From its earliest inception COR managed to successfully bring together key leaders from all three dominionist sects, including the Reconstructionists, to promote the most ruthless doctrines of dominionism.15  Grimstead's COR Steering Council letter, dated May 1993  1. The Kingdom of God was inaugurated and the King was installed and seated in the First Century A.D. and we need not wait for the King's second coming to get the Kingdom started here on earth.  4. At this moment of history, all humans on earth, whether Jew or Gentile, believer or unbeliever, private person or public official, are obligated to bow their knees to this King Jesus, confess Him as Lord of the universe with their tongues, and submit to His lordship over every aspect of their lives in thought, word and deed.  5. Biblical evangelism according to the Great Commission of Matt. 28:18-20 is not truly accomplished unless that message of Christ's lordship from point #4 above is given to the person being evangelized so that they know that an attempt at personal neutrality before King Jesus is sin and treason in this universe.16 [emphases added]  Samiinh, give it up. You have not provided a link for the Dominionists website but instead one site that promotes prayer for revival as if that is a concerted effort to take over our Government and then force all Americans to convert or die. How dishonest can you get ?  And then for the rest of your post, you don't even dare post the links because you know they're again from Leftist sites that are making these preposterous accusations. All you have to do to put this claim that an organized group named the Dominionists who have proudly declared their agenda to infiltrate the US Government with fanatical citizens determined to employ the Christian Doctrine upon the American people for the sole purpose of creating a Religious Oligarchy is to post their web site. But once again you attempt to post leftist accusers rather than the site itself.   Could the reason be that their are plenty of leftist sites passing this propaganda on as truth, which you yourself are trying to propagate, yet you can't post the one single site of the Dominionists themselves ? Give it up, you defeat yourself by starting out with a lie and a nonexistent group with a nonexistent agenda.
For all Archangel's rants about Secularization he doesn't realize how lucky he is that he lives in a Secular Country. His right to practices his religion is protected under the Law, he is not forced to convert to the majority religion or the official state religion. I wonder what the other option he would advocate other than a Secular Society ? A Theocracy ?  Please post where I said in any debate on any forum that it is my desire to create a Christian Theocracy. Why must you lefties take my arguments and extrapolate from them the most extreme interpretation possible ? I understand very well that to give any religion absolute power over peoples lives will lead to more losses of freedoms rather than increases to personal freedoms. See the Dark Ages for evidence of such. And please note also that it is me, the so called Christian hatemonger and Warmonger who is warning in every debate that Islamofascism is such a threat to the whole World because it is their intent to inflict Islam and submission to allah as the one World religion. And don't believe me, believe their own signed Fatwas that state World domination for islam as their final goal.  So when all is said and done, it is the Christians in this Country who are warning against a coming Theocracy as you secularists focus your attention on demonizing us as the enemy of freedoms. Go figure huh!!!
Then there is Christofascism (or Christian Dominionism) that wants to do the very same thing, Archie, first in this country and then around the world and the Bush administration is one of its adherents. Be warned, sinner, that your religion can be as evil as the next.  And you carry great weight being the heretic and objective christian Hater that you are. emoticon_xdonno Here, ave anotha one mate. emoticon_xhoho   http://www.religioustolerance.org/reconstr.htm  http://www.breakthrough.net/  http://www.phc.edu/  The Vision of Patrick Henry College is to aid in the transformation of American society by training Christian students to serve God and mankind with a passion for righteousness, justice, and mercy, through careers of public service and cultural influence.  It doesn't matter who feeds you your info, you still wont produce a site by dominionists, for dominionists because your alleged group was created in the warped minds of the left leaning atheistic, secular humanist, Anti-God crowd. But how evil an agenda to train students to serve God and Man with rightousness, justice and mercy. It's enough to make ones blood run cold. emoticon_confused
"I'm a born-again, Bible-believing Christian (no, I'm not a member of the Religious Right). And I'm against homosexuality (I believe it's a sin) and same-sex marriage. "LZ and I know where each other stand and we respect each other's right to believe as he does.  I know he's gay, and he knows I believe that's a sin. I know he thinks I get my moral standards from an outdated, mistranslated book, and he knows I believe he needs to change his lifestyle. Still, we can laugh together, and play ball together.  That's real diversity. Disagreeing but not being disagreeable.  Since Amaechi came out, I've read lots of columns about being "progressive." The implication -- or outright assertion -- is that anyone who believes homosexuality is wrong is not progressive or enlightened.  That's where this thing becomes problematic, because those who hold to that view are saying I must change my entire belief system/religion because of your belief system.  Where's the diversity in that?  Those folks don't want diversity. They want everyone to agree with their "enlightened" opinion.  Look, I'll accept your right to have your own belief system and to live as you please, but I'm not changing mine. Diversity is not just accepting alternatives to what has long been perceived as normal, but it's accepting the significant number of people who hold to long-standing "traditional" beliefs as well.  Millions of Christians who follow the Bible -- and Muslims who follow the Koran and Jews who follow the Torah, as well as many nonreligious Americans -- believe homosexuality is wrong.  That doesn't mean they're unenlightened. That just means their moral code doesn't fluctuate based on society's ever-changing standards. As long as we're not being violent toward one another, as long as we can be civil, everything should be fine. We don't have to agree.  And please don't compare being homosexual to being black. I consider that insulting to blacks for a number of reasons. The fact that some blacks make the comparison themselves only shows how crushed our racial esteem has become because of America's oppression (witness our insistence on calling ourselves the n-word).  You can't hide your skin color, choose your skin color, change your skin color or switch your skin color back and forth. Some argue that you can't do that with your sexuality either, but there are many scientists on both sides of the genetic debate, and I believe a truly objective person would admit the biological evidence for homosexuality is far from definitive."  More at ...  http://insider.espn.go.com/espn/blog/index?entryID=2764353&searchName=broussard_chris&action=login&appRedirect=http%3a%2f%2finsider.espn.go.com%2fespn%2fblog%2findex%3fentryID%3d2764353%26searchName%3dbroussard_chris
And contrasting Chris Broussard's comments, a hate-filled response to the same NBA athlete coming-out ... Former Miami Heat superstar Tim Hardaway: "I hate gay people"  "The five time All Star was asked how he would deal with a gay teammate.  "First of all I wouldn't want him on my team," said Hardaway. "Second of all, if he was on my team I would really distance myself from him because I don't think that's right and I don't think he should be in the locker room when we're in the locker room."  Le Batard took Hardaway to task, pointing out that his comments were 'flatly homophobic' and bigoted, but that only seemed to stir up the former point guard.  "Well, you know, I hate gay people," Hardaway said in response to Le Batard. "I let it be known I don't like gay people. I don't like to be around gay people. I'm homophobic. It shouldn't be in the world, in the United States, I don't like it." http://cbs4.com/local/local_story_045205258.html  Professional sports seems to be one of the last abodes of rampant and hateful homophobia as an acceptable thing. There's no excuse for such statements.
...  6) "And please don't compare being homosexual to being black. I consider that insulting to blacks for a number of reasons. The fact that some blacks make the comparison themselves only shows how crushed our racial esteem has become because of America's oppression (witness our insistence on calling ourselves the n-word)."  Interesting how he makes the request, but doesn't address the REASONS WHY people make the analogy...What he is saying is that the analogy is invalid...and he is correct.    7) "You can't hide your skin color, choose your skin color, change your skin color or switch your skin color back and forth. Some argue that you can't do that with your sexuality either, but there are many scientists on both sides of the genetic debate, and I believe a truly objective person would admit the biological evidence for homosexuality is far from definitive."  1) Michael Jackson...  2) If people could change their skin color, would that suddenly mean the analogy is valid? This is a trivial rant that Chris has chosen to fixate on. An analogy involves similar issues being compared, but they are NOT IDENTICAL. Here, Chris focuses on an irrelevant difference while ignoring the similarities.  3) "many scientists on both sides"? I always get a chuckle when somebody tries to summarize some issue like that. It helps them ignore the fact that the vast majority have come to realize one conclusion based on the facts, and the other side, with just a few people, has no facts and refuses to admit the reality of the situation.  And quite frankly, Chris's summary on the "biological evidence for homosexuality" probably has about as much credibility as Tom Cruise's expertise on psychiatric drug usage...1)Michael Jackson is painting himself with bleach in an effort to look white. The Tattooed Man is decorating his skin with blue ink in an effort to make a walking billboard of something that is actually nothing more than human skin in one of many available hues. Neither of them is changing what they actually are.  2)If people could change their skin color, you'd have no desire to use the analogy.  Analogies use substitutions for objects related by similar characteristics. It is not valid to substitute objects without similar characteristics. Skin color is a genetic thing. Homosexuality is not.  3)You summarized it with no greater skill. Can you post some credible links showing the "vast majority" of scientists, a concise wording of their conclusion and a list of the 'facts' upon which the conclusion is based?   I am assuming for now that their conclusion is that genetics drives all homosexuality and 'we just can't help who we are and how we act'?       "he knows I believe he needs to change his lifestyle." "are saying I must change my entire belief system/religion"  So, it's fine for Broussard to want others to change, but not for others to want Broussard to change? That's a pretty obvious double standard he's promoting there. If he wants to think that homosexuality is wrong and sinful, that's his right. If he wants to go about expounding on those beliefs, he can do that too. And if people want to think he's unenlightened for holding those beliefs, and they want to say so, then they have that right as well. Broussard is outright saying that he has a problem with anyone saying that his views aren't progressive or enlightened, and yet he clearly has no problem with saying that other people are immoral and sinners. I don't know exactly what "Those folks" have done, but if it's just talking, if it's just telling him that they think he's wrong, then he has no legitimate grounds for complaint. If you want to put your opinions out into the public sphere, than you have to deal with the fact that people may critisize them.  For example: "That doesn't mean they're unenlightened. That just means their moral code doesn't fluctuate based on society's ever-changing standards."   Enlightenment means to see the light, to come to a new awareness.   Clinging to an old moral code tenaciously, despite anything that says you should be reexamining your position, is pretty much the epitome of unenlightenment. Refusal to even consider that you might be wrong, that your beliefs might not be correct, is unenlightened. If your thought process runs something like "My religion says X", and then stops, you are unenlightened. So those millions Broussard is talking about? Yeah, it's probably a safe bet that most of them aren't all that enlightened.   What Broussard appeared to say is that he wants the gay guy to change, the gay guy wants him to change, yet they respect each other's opinions and they laugh and play together. What's wrong with that?  Thinking that Broussard and others who hold his view on this issue are "unenlightened" is a crafty misuse of the term. It it used here by you in the same context as in most definitions I've seen of The Age of Enlightenment that occured in the 18th century. The Age of Enlightenment brought about changes. That does not mean that enlightenment always brings about changes...it means that the enlightened person has learned something s/he didn't know before. The word has been around for centuries and was certainly used prior to the 18th.  If you present irrefutable evidence that homosexuality is 100% genetic and does not involve choice, I will change my view. Otherwise, I remain enlightened by all the facts that a am currently aware of...and I do not accept your claim.  Definitions of enlightened on the Web:  highly educated; having extensive information or understanding; "an enlightened public"; "knowing instructors"; "a knowledgeable critic"; "a knowledgeable audience"   having knowledge and spiritual insight;   disillusioned: freed from illusion   initiate: people who have been introduced to the mysteries of some field or activity; "it is very familiar to the initiate"   educated: having or based on relevant experience; "an educated guess"; "an enlightened electorate"  wordnet.princeton.edu/perl/webwn   A rank above Servant in the Excola order of the Vesperan Church, they answer to the Elders and perform many of the adminstrative tasks of the Church. memorium.puremagic.com/library/terms.html   A man who became fully aware of his Stupidity and the necessity of its transformation with the help of Highest. www.iceshower.info/english/dict.html    enlightenment (&#277;n-l&#299;t'n-m&#601;nt)  n.  1.  a. The act or a means of enlightening.  b. The state of being enlightened. 2. Enlightenment A philosophical movement of the 18th century that emphasized the use of reason to scrutinize previously accepted doctrines and traditions and that brought about many humanitarian reforms. Used with the.  3. Buddhism & Hinduism. A blessed state in which the individual transcends desire and suffering and attains Nirvana.    enlightenment  noun  The condition of being informed spiritually: edification, illumination. See teach/learn.        enlightenment  n  Definition: awareness, understanding Antonyms: bewilderment, confusion, ignorance, puzzlement    Enlightenment  European intellectual movement of the 17th-18th century in which ideas concerning God, reason, nature, and man were blended into a worldview that inspired revolutionary developments in art, philosophy, and politics. Central to Enlightenment thought were the use and celebration of reason. For Enlightenment thinkers, received authority, whether in science or religion, was to be subject to the investigation of unfettered minds. In the sciences and mathematics, the logics of induction and deduction made possible the creation of a sweeping new cosmology. The search for a rational religion led to Deism; the more radical products of the application of reason to religion were skepticism, atheism, and materialism. The Enlightenment produced modern secularized theories of psychology and ethics by men such as John Locke and Thomas Hobbes, and it also gave rise to radical political theories. Locke, Jeremy Bentham, J.-J. Rousseau, Montesquieu, Voltaire, and Thomas Jefferson all contributed to an evolving critique of the authoritarian state and to sketching the outline of a higher form of social organization based on natural rights. One of the Enlightenment's enduring legacies is the belief that human history is a record of general progress.  The noun Enlightenment has one meaning: Meaning #1: a movement in the 18th century that advocated the use of reason in the reappraisal of accepted ideas and social institutions Synonym: Age of Reason     enlightenment   IN BRIEF: The state of seeing or understanding clearly.  Knowing other is wisdom, knowing yourself is enlightenment. - Lao Tzu (c.604-531 B.C.).    Enlightenment  Quotes:   No one who has lived even for a fleeting moment for something other than life in its conventional sense and has experienced the exaltation that this feeling produces can then renounce his new freedom so easily. - Andre Breton  If I could define enlightenment briefly I would say it is the quiet acceptance of what is. - Wayne Dyer  I don't know Who -- or what -- put the question, I don't know when it was put. I don't even remember answering. But at some moment I did answer Yes to Someone --or Something --and from that hour I was certain that existence is meaningful and that, therefore, my life, in self-surrender, had a goal. - Dag Hammarskjold  In this world, which is so plainly the antechamber of another, there are no happy men. The true division of humanity is between those who live in light and those who live in darkness. Our aim must be to diminish the number of the latter and increase the number of the former. That is why we demand education and knowledge. - Victor Hugo  The real meaning of enlightenment is to gaze with undimmed eyes on all darkness. - Nikos Kazantzakis  The moment of truth, the sudden emergence of a new insight, is an act of intuition. Such intuitions give the appearance of miraculous flushes, or short-circuits of reasoning. In fact they may be likened to an immersed chain, of which only the beginning and the end are visible above the surface of consciousness. The diver vanishes at one end of the chain and comes up at the other end, guided by invisible links. - Arthur Koestler  Enlightenment must come little by little-otherwise it would overwhelm. - Idries Shah     In the Western philosophical tradition, enlightenment is seen as a phase in cultural history marked by a faith in reason, generally accompanied by rejection of faith in revealed or institutional religion.
http://anomalies-unlimited.com/Jackson.html  :)
Maybe so! ...just like when O.J. committed perjury to get away with murder!  Can you come up with a significant challenge?
Who.....really......cares. Maybe it's genetic, maybe it's a choice. Stay out of my bedroom and I'll stay out of yours. Don't make my relationship out to be worthless and I won't vote to make divorce illegal.  I don't get why either side thinks it matters much. There is evidence that many, many behaviors we see have genetic roots; including behaviors that are unacceptable to society. It is not like something being genetic necessarily matters one iota in terms of the morality the behavior associated with it. So it's just as strange that some feel proving gay-is-genetic will matter as it is strange that some feel that disproving it will matter. The moral issue of homosexual relations will go on regardless of the genetic debate, because quite frankly, one is not dependent on the other.
If it is not a choice, the government has no business dealing with it. They compare it to alcoholism, criminality and any other nasty things that may volitionally be avoided. Any biological evidence negates that argument.   That's just not true. Even with your example of alcoholism, there is evidence that genetics plays a role. Biological evidence does not negate any argument there at all. Just because something is genetic doesn't mean there isn't freedom of choice. I'm simply saying that the genetic argument shouldn't matter either way because the moral issue exists independent of it.  You don't understand why anyone cares? It isn't your life that is getting fooled with.  There's no need for getting defensive. I understand your life is "getting fooled" with. But we should be able to talk about logical merits here regardless of who's getting fooled with. I was simply stating the facts, not making any value judgment.
You said you couldn't understand why anyone cared? Damn straight I'd get defensive.   You're taking my comments out of context. I don't mean you haven't had to deal with problems or anything. No one here is trying to minimize anything, so please just settle down. emoticon_xdonno I meant that I don't understand, from a logical standpoint, why the genetic basis should matter to anyone. Think about it ... [*]it should not matter to the RR, because their moral concerns should be independent of genetics (since their's is supposedly based on what God says)[*]it should not matter to gay rights people, because if you truly believe in what you say, then you should be no less adamant if it were discovered to NOT be genetic. Freedom should be freedom, regardless.That's ALL I'm saying. Sheesh. emoticon_wow If all you care about it is just to refute the RR, then sure, I can understand what you mean.
In which case, the "genetic" aspect of homosexuality should also not invalidate any analogy between blacks and gays...  Did you lose sight of the reason why it was brought up in this thread in the first place?  Of course not. Foundit, I have no problem with the idea that homosexuality is genetic.
He is saying the analogy is invalid because differences exist. Which is lame. EVERY analogy has differences. If they were identical, it wouldn't be an analogy. I'm saying the analogy is invalid because it compares things which do not share similar characteristics regarding their connectability in an analogy. Skin color is definitely genetic...homosexuality is not.    Same is true with gays. Research shows that the "ex-gays" are just suppressing their personal desires, never changing to "heterosexual" at all.This is unrelated to genetics. The fact that I (or anyone else) can suppress bad habits does not mean that I do not want to practice them anymore. That does not make my previous actions genetically driven.    Not true, and I have no idea why you would think that. Would any aspect of racism or racist discrimination suddenly be changed if people could pick their skin color?...and I have no idea why you can't immediately see that the analogy would be useless in your argument if people could choose the skin color. You'd be arguing that homosexuality is a choice.  Do you need a tutor?    Wrong again. Homosexuality IS a genetic thing. Proven so by NUMEROUS research articles.Then please show a link to several of them.    And note you said SIMILAR characteristics. Not IDENTICAL characteristics. Ergo, there are some characteristics wihch ARE NOT similar.Please read above text one more time.   Here, you claim "objects without similar characteristics", and then you COMPLETELY IGNORE THE SIMILARITY we are talking about in order to focus on a dissimilarity you want to talk about. By that technique, NO analogy would be valid. You could invalidate ANY analogy if all you had to do was point to a difference between the two.No. You've not understood what I said. I don't know how to make it perfectly clear to you...the reason the skin color vs. homosexuality analogy is not valid is that one is in 100% of the cases studied a result of uncontrollable genetic inheritance and the other is generally not.    I didn't realize that you needed proof on that.Surely, you don't expect me to take your word for it...do you?    What Causes a Person To Have a Particular Sexual Orientation?   There are numerous theories about the origins of a person's sexual orientation; most scientists today agree that sexual orientation is most likely the result of a complex interaction of environmental, cognitive and biological factors. In most people, sexual orientation is shaped at an early age. There is also considerable recent evidence to suggest that biology, including genetic or inborn hormonal factors, play a significant role in a person's sexuality. In summary, it is important to recognize that there are probably many reasons for a person's sexual orientation and the reasons may be different for different people.  http://www.apa.org/topics/orientation.html...and I say it's 10% genetic and 90% choice...meaning that in 10% of the cases, the people can't change it and in 90% of the cases they can.    Quite frankly Jim, can you present ANY EVIDENCE WHATSOEVER to show it is not genetic?I think it is very difficult, if not impossible to prove a negative.  Who.....really......cares. Maybe it's genetic, maybe it's a choice. Stay out of my bedroom and I'll stay out of yours. Don't make my relationship out to be worthless and I won't vote to make divorce illegal.Pretty much my thoughts, too. Your relationship is not worthless...just different. Your relationship doesn't need to be recognized as a marriage. Don't make marriage worthless to the majority that wants to maintain what they have.    There is considerable evidence that homosexuality is at least partly heritable. Show some of it.  What would, for you, constitute "irrefutable evidence that homosexuality is 100% genetic and does not involve choice" ?Several professional papers with bibliograghies and credits, a NOVA special...about the same as it takes for me to believe that life in a jungle river depends of hippo dung. Show me some established FACTS!   And, if you were given that evidence, in what way would that change your opinion of homosexuality?I believe I said I would change my view. I will change my view on the issue of whether homosexuality is genetic.  Saying something is either "100% genetic" or "a choice" is like saying something is either "the Empire State Building" or "a cantaloupe."  False dilemma, anyone? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/False_dilemma  Just for the record...  The evidence supporting a biological component of homosexuality (among many others):[*]observed homosexuality among hundreds of lesser species (i.e., beings incapable of conscious decision-making)[*]the impossibility of deliberately choosing who one is attracted to[*]the fact of "the closet" (why choose something you deny?)[*]the testimony of actual gay people[*]the results of a considerable amount of peer-reviewed scientific research The evidence supporting the notion of it being a choice: Baseless claims by people with a blatant anti-gay agenda.Again is displayed a misunderstanding of analogies and connectability.  Well done, martini guy! ;)Actually not.  I don't get why either side thinks it matters much. There is evidence that many, many behaviors we see have genetic roots; including behaviors that are unacceptable to society. It is not like something being genetic necessarily matters one iota in terms of the morality the behavior associated with it. So it's just as strange that some feel proving gay-is-genetic will matter as it is strange that some feel that disproving it will matter. The moral issue of homosexual relations will go on regardless of the genetic debate, because quite frankly, one is not dependent on the other.It should make a difference to you. If homosexuality is a genetic disorder, it should follow that we have more compassion toward those who have it. My current evaluation is that it is not genetic in 90% of the cases. That's an arbitrary number based totally on my personal experiences and observations throughout life.  It's amazing how most of the gays on this forum think I am anti-gay. I am not. I just state what I believe to be true. I'm actually more understanding of gay people than most think. My best friend is a lesbian.
You have displayed you lack of understanding of evidence. You ask for it, but it appears you wouldn't know what it is if it bit you. No. I have merely dismissed the 'evidence' presented so far in this thread. Show me some real evidence.    What is a professional paper?One written by a professional in the topic of the paper. (ie: a psychiatrist writing about genetics does not qualify.)   What is a "credit"?In this case, credit is what an author gives to other sources when that author quotes them.  With bibliographies?In this case, bibliography would be the list of the works referred to in the text...something to show that the text is more than just an opinion of the author. Have you actually ever read a scientific paper?Yes, I have.  A Nova special? What? That is called entertainment.In case you haven't noticed , they are generally based of FACTS! If I ever see a NOVA Special about the homosexuality being genetically driven, I will likely believe what is presented. When I hear it coming only from members of the group that will benefit from such a revelation, I tend to disbelieve it.    Your conclusion that you would concede the genetic nature of homosexuality is circular. You asked for irrefutable evidence and your conclusion is that you would consider the premise to be true. Duh. That is what irrefutable means. You asked for the evidence, so I assumed you would attached some signifiicance to it. That is what my question is.Where questions such as this are concerned, the only thing I can concede is that I was mistaken in believing it not to be true. Therefore, there is no circularism involved. If you present credible evidence that homosexuality is genetic, I will change my view (currently being that it is NOT). It's just that simple.   Lastly, Mr. Write's points are evidence. That is how this works. If you don't consider it so, assert a logical, substantiated alternative explanation for those phenomena.I'm assuming you mean these points:  observed homosexuality among hundreds of lesser species (i.e., beings incapable of conscious decision-making) the impossibility of deliberately choosing who one is attracted to the fact of "the closet" (why choose something you deny?) the testimony of actual gay people the results of a considerable amount of peer-reviewed scientific researchOn the first, I'm not familiar with the 'hundreds' of species that exhibit some form of homosexual behavior. Can you (or Mr Write) list them or provide a link to a source that lists them. I know of dolphins and one species of monkey. What are the others?  On the second, I don't know that it's impossible to choose who you're attracted to. Can you present evidence of that...or is this statement supposed to suffice for evidence. Is it so just because you say so?  On the third, I see nothing that connects with the argument. The "closet" may be built of shame.  On the fourth, the testimony of gay people is not evidence. While all may say that they can't remember having a choice in the matter, it could still be that genetics had no part in their decision to identify as gay.  On the last, a considerable of peer-reviewed scientific research has only been claimed here...it has not been presented. Present it!    You are showing yourself to be a blustery BS'er, otherwise. And speaking of dung, what did the comment about hippo doo mean?It has no derogatory connection to this conversation and is not a reflection of what I think of you. It simply means that I learned of the tremendous dependence upon hippo dung while watching a well researched NOVA program. Were it not for hippos pooping in the river, there would be no organisms eating that poop, no little fishes eating those organisms, no medium fishes eating the little fishes, no big fishes eating the medium fishes, no fish-eating birds eating fishes along the river. Life along the river would be drastically different...if it weren't for hippo dung. So...hippo dung is a good thing to have around. It just wouldn't work as well if they pooped on the land.  Now you show me a NOVA special on genetic homosexuality and I'll change my view on the matter.
Talk about moving the goalposts, Jimstrucking. First you demand a scientific study or a NOVA (lol, that's funny) program on a genetic factor, and then, when he provides a study, you completely ignore it, and then say that we have to show you a NOVA, and not a scientific study. Hear that? That's the sound of your goalposts being dragged around.I have moved no goalposts. I'm not insisting on a NOVA Special...just something that has the same type of evidence-backed statements. The only reason I mentioned NOVA is that their specials do not present opinions...they present well-studied FACTS.  I just read one link (a Wikipedia thing..no less) proposed as proof of genetically driven homosexuality wherein the author states in his own conclusion that this is an invalid interpretation of his work.  You are evidently still too wet behind the ears to understand what I am saying or to graduate beyond petty divergence. Just sit back and read...leave the comments to grown people.
I showed you a bunch. Did you ignore them? The first references twin studies. It even describes criticism of earlier studies, at least as far as the magnitude of the concordance. No such studies to date have refuted the concept, however. The second shows evidence from alternative lines of evidence. All are referenced. I can send you a zip file of several whole articles, if you like. Please comment.  A singular question needs to be, among twins separated at birth, why there would be a difference in the rates of homosexuality between mono- and di-zygotic twins? Certainly, a single study may contain confounders that have not been accounted for; but evidence of the concordance exists in all these studies.   Sorry, it doesn't sound like you know very much about scientific writing after reading that. A psychiatrist can look at the genetic nature of a phemonenon most certainly by studying family cohorts. "Credit" is not a word that is used. Bibliography is a stand-alone list of references. All non-fiction is either opinion or not. Non-opinion needs to be "referenced". That is the word you are searching for.     The "attribution bias" described and accounted for in later studies should lessen those fears for you.  I don't necessarity know how you document the factual nature of NOVA. It well, may be, but I don't see how you are so certain of that, but dismiss the other science out there. I, too, really enjoy the program, but it is just entertainment.     Enough with the Nova already?  By the way, I personally don't care whether it is genetic or not. Why is it you brought up the topic in the first place?I read your link...including the part where it says:  Conclusions  LeVay concluded in his 1991 paper that "The discovery that the nucleus differs in size between heterosexual and homosexual men illustrates that sexual orientation in humans is amenable to study at the biological level, and this discovery opens the door to studies of neurotransmitters or receptors that might be involved in regulating this aspect of personality. Further interpretation of the results of this study must be considered speculative. In particular, the results do not allow one to decide if the size of INAH 3 in an individual is the cause or consequence of that individual's sexual orientation, or if the size of INAH 3 and sexual orientation covary under the influence of some third, unidentified variable." S. LeVay, "A Difference in Hypothalmic Structure Between Heterosexual and Homosexual Men" 253 Science 1034, 1036 (1991)  He later added,    "It's important to stress what I didn't find. I did not prove that homosexuality is genetic, or find a genetic cause for being gay. I didn't show that gay men are born that way, the most common mistake people make in interpreting my work. Nor did I locate a gay center in the brain. ... Since I look at adult brains, we don't know if the differences I found were there at birth or if they appeared later." 
...  By the way, I personally don't care whether it is genetic or not. Why is it you brought up the topic in the first place?I believe it came in with jyoshu and Matthew S, somewhere on page one.  It plays a part in the discussion if you insist on using any analogy involving blacks and homosexuals. Until you can prove the homosexuality is genetically driven, you cannot legitimately use that analogy.
No one is trying to say any similarity between the societal issues of blacks and gays is a genetic one. Why do you raise that red herring? You, not jyosh or Matt, brought up the importance of "100% irrefutable evidence of a genetic component".   There are social issues related to physical disability - not genetic.  We are concerned about religious bigotry - not genetic.As previously stated, you show me that homosexuality is determined by genes just like eye color, hair color, skin color...and you'll be able to use that heretofore illegitimate analogy relating gayness to skin color.  ...and...if you are going to use quotation marks to reiterate something I'm supposed to have said, please copy my text exactly.  What I said was "If you present irrefutable evidence that homosexuality is 100% genetic and does not involve choice, I will change my view." I already believe there is a genetic component.
As previously stated, still a red herring.I think not. Your insistence to relate the plight of blacks to the plight of homosexuals demands that you support the genetics claim.   The issues of being black are not merely related to the single physical attribute of skin color. Nor are other "minority" issues related to genetic conditions. Please expand that curious statement. I know there are some light-skinned blacks resulting from mixed marriages. What are the other "issues related to genetic conditions" of which you speak?      As previously stated, you have yet to comment on the studies addressing genetics.Perhaps you did not read my link:  http://www.narth.com/docs/istheregene.html  It appears to have been removed twice already. I wonder how long it will last this time.
You might also try some of these.  http://www.narth.com/menus/born.html  http://www.narth.com/docs/animalmyth.html  http://www.peoplecanchange.com/
My last post. Keeping track of your positions is dizzying. I also tire of repeating myself.     I have no idea why you insist that the rights of homosexuals depends on homosexuality being "100%".   We support the rights of other societal groups unrelated to genetics  those with disabilities religions national origin marital status  Why must gayness be genetic to count?     Nor are other "minority" issues related to genetic conditions.  "nor" is a negative word. That means I feel the issues are NOT related to genetics.  And I don't understand the light-skinned thing.        This is the last straw. Did you see the site? Hardly unbiased.  No one is claiming "a gay gene" anyway. This is simply dishonest and idiotic.In light of what has been argued here, nothing I've said is dishonest or idiotic.  I haven't said that gayness must be genetic to count. I've said it must be genetic for some of the arguments and 'analogies' you want to use to hold water.  Gays deserve all the rights afforded to any other person. Gays do not deserve the right to redefine marriage for any reason. Gays can have the same rights without being identified as 'married'.  That's what this whole thing is about.  Regarding the bias of NARTH, I think you are more disturbed by their sound arguments rather than bias. Did you expect a gay-friendly site, one that blindly supports what you want to hear?   Come up with a counter-attack. I will read every word of it.
I don't feel bad about stopping that interaction, it really isn't debate.  Folks like him and jyoshu just aren't willing to admit they simply don't like homos.   Whoa there! I'm not even in your exchange with Jim. But since you've decided to pull me into this by using my name, I'll need to start responding. The reason I won't 'admit I don't like homos' is that you're wrong; I DON'T feel that way. I could care less about what you do or don't do, I see you no less or more than the next person. It's not about not-liking anyone, or liking them.   I am sure they don't have gay friends or interact with anyone gay in any real, human way. But, they do not want to see themselves as redneck ###-bashers - apparently they consider that uncool  Where the heck have I said I had gay friends? But so what if I do or don't? It wouldn't bother me if I did; they'd be my friend just like anyone else. You don't have a clue about me so why are you pulling me into your exchange with Jim, particularly on this exchange when I've stated that I have no problem with the idea that gay is genetic? Can you not READ? Can you not understand that I am NOT trying to prove to you that gay is not genetic? You're about as wrong about me as you claim I am about gays. Frankly, it sounds like you're just having a bad day here.
Your words have consistently expressed your intolerance of gays. To say you don't "care less" is in contrast with your strident anti-gay rhetoric.   Be specific. Where have I given "strident anti-gay rhetoric"? Point it out. If you're going to make accusations, you need to pony up and prove it. Is the "intolerances of gays" you think I've consistently expressed because I prefer the idea of gay civil union over gay marriage?  Just here, admitting you have no gay friends - that seems inconceivable to me. How can that possibly be? You must be deliberately keeping your friendships among straight folk for some reason.  I said I've never made the claim. I don't know if I have gay friends or not--I may have some that just aren't open about it. But the important point here is that you seem to think that says something. It doesn't. It just means I happen to not know any people that openly gay. Lot's of people could probably make that claim; it doesn't mean they are intolerant. Don't make the mistake of assuming that just because someone doesn't have gay friends that they are shunning gay people. That's just not the case. Be reasonable here; why would it be so shocking or out of the question that I might not have friends that are part of a group comprising around 3-5% of the population? The important thing isn't whether I have gay friends; the important thing is that I don't view them as enemies.  Stop pretending you are this reasonable and tolerant guy. Everyone has repeated posted that they don't buy that act.  No they haven't. Only you and one other (I think Shadow) seems to enjoy making that claim, that I am aware of. It sounds like you just like to pick fights here, such as the way you pulled me into a discussion that I wasn't even taking part in.
No, not just that. For me it was the gays are permiscuous, gays spread aids, gays shouldn't let anyone know they're gay, people have the right to hate gays, if something bad happens to a gay it's probably their fault posts that you make. Don't remember them? We've got a search function; use it.  You're making the claim, so you use it. When you make claims like that, I'm going to challenge you to prove it every single time. Show where I've said they are promiscuous, where they shouldn't let anyone know they're gay, and where it's their fault. The AIDS issue I DID argue at one time, but I've changed my views on that. And yes, people have the right to hate anyone they want. So I'm not sure what that's all about. Though I don't remember ever making that a point of argument. I may have been pointing out that people have the right disagree.  Oh come on now, has it been so long since I've posted that you've forgoten me?  Of course I didn't forget about you, Kronos. I just don't take you seriously enough to include your name. emoticon_xangel Though it doesn't surprise me that you jumped all over this little exchange, give your vendetta that I've seen here over time.   Have you ever considered these gay people aren't open about it with you because of the intolerance they perceive in you and don't feel safe about being open?  I doubt it. Believe me, I'm a pretty harmless fellow. But I'll take it into consideration.
OK, THIS is my last post.I bet!   I have already posted my opposing viewpoint, with real scientific evidence to support it. You clearly do not understand the difference. The difference is that your opposing viewpoint is a validly held opinion (as is mine) and your "scientific evidence" is invalid.   If you truly believe that the NARTH website is a legitimate source of knowledge and in any way comparable to the kind of references I have provided, you and I have nothing to discuss.Of course it's a legitimate source of knowledge. Your problem is that it debunks your claimed "evidence".    Our views of reality are too disparate.Quite so! Reality remains the same though, regardless of our views of it. You have proved nothing except your own tenacity in holding on to a flawed analogy and a misguided conclusion drawn upon data that not only the author but others have shown to NOT support your argument concerning genetically driven homosexuality.    I shouldn't have said that information is dishonest and idiotic. That is an insult to liars and XXXXXX.Let's not be melodramatic.  ********************************************************  Yeah, don't feel to bad about stopping your debate with jimstrucking. I know from experience how frustrating and tiring it is to debate an opponent that constantly shifts goalposts with an almost religious fervor and beleives things like NARTH is a legitimate source for information. As I already intimated, you could riverdance naked in front of him while showing him the information, and he'd still not accept it or even admit that it has been given to him. I, too, recuse myself from this pointless debate with jims. To quote MrWriteLA:Thank you for backing out. I asked you to do just that a few posts back. You tend to do nothing save parrot the sensible posters here rather than come up with challenging points anyway. Go grow a beard and come back swinging.  *******************************************************  I don't feel bad about stopping that interaction, it really isn't debate. Somehow, I knew you'd post again.    Folks like him and jyoshu just aren't willing to admit they simply don't like homos.I do not recall either of us saying we don't like "homos" (as you have chosen to call yourself).    I am sure they don't have gay friends or interact with anyone gay in any real, human way. How did you come to be sure that I have no gay friends? Search the forums and you will find several instances where I have revealed friendships with gays and lesbians. I repeat for you just one more time...my best friend is a lesbian.  But, they do not want to see themselves as redneck ###-bashers - apparently they consider that uncool - so they try to intellectualize their indefensible positions.I am not into gay-bashing. I'd have to bash several friends if I were. What I am into is dispelling the ill-contrived opinion of many gays that there's some need to redefine marriage in order to guarantee equal rights for gay couples. This is simply NOT true. In arguing the position, you precipitate response based upon what you claim to be true. You claim an invalid analogy using blacks in the place of gays and I will point it out. You claim there is no choice in the matter, I will point to sources (whether you like them or not) that explain in no uncertain terms that that was never a logical conclusion to be drawn from the twin-studies or any other study made to date. There is no gay gene.    They fabricate these convoluted arguments, which get all the more mercurial as each point is effectively confronted, to justify pre-existing positions, so they can try to convince themselves they are not knuckle-draggers.I have fabricated nothing. As for getting mercurial, it is your side that brings up the hurdles (ie the bad analogy and the claim of genetic predisposition) that must be addressed in turn. Once we have settled the issues on these points, we can continue. Apparently I will have to come up with a more clear explanation of why the analogy doesn't fly. I don't see an impasse in the analogy issue. All I have to do is come up with an expanation you can undertstand. The genetics things is a bit more complicated. I contend (along with NARTH and at least one of the authors you cited) that a gay gene has not been found...yet you claim it exists. I have provided proof that it has not been found yet you blindly and without backup claim it has...so I think maybe we have reached an impasse here.   They truly see themselves as reasonable guys! Whatever.My ability to reason based on precise logic has not diminished.    What is amazing in these debates is what posters consider evidence. It really is as simple as being able to write a term paper, but perhaps that basic, if rigorous, scholarly skill escapes them. Prior to the availability of the enormous amount of data at our fingertips that is the Internet, people had to use libraries, where it was the librarians' charge to screen out unreliable sources that purport to be objective. With the Net, we hear folks say, "Show me a link to back that up." With great search engines, you can literally find "a link" that states ANYTHING. What makes it worse is the anti-science bias. While Jim's source very loudly proclaimed its anti-gay position, and Jim thought it was OK that is was not "gay-friendly," the implication being that scientific papers are inherently pro-gay, liberal and atheistic. The reality is that kind of politics (there are clearly academic and publishing politics, but they tend to balance out in the wash) is simply not a concern in scientific publications. The only reason science gets involved in politics is when is it attacked. This anti-intellectualism and opposition to real science, posing as an ostensible confrontation of political correctness, is what really saddens and scares me.Your idea that my argument is anti-intellectual or opposes real science is just as ridiculous as your apparent assertion that scientific studies should be affected by political correctness. That doesn't sadden or scare me ... it puzzles me.  ...and NARTH is not anti-gay...they're just trying to promote the truth and clear the air regarding some false claims.  ******************************************************  ..... Frankly, it sounds like you're just having a bad day here.You got it!  ******************************************************  ... Just here, admitting you have no gay friends - that seems inconceivable to me. How can that possibly be? ....You say in post #47 "I am sure they don't have any gay friends or interact..."...yet you say here that it is inconcievable that he has no gay friends. You are sure of something that is inconcievable? How does that work? LIke the analogy...it doesn't.  *****************************************************  FALSE! The "dissimilar characteristic" you are trying to state here is NOT THE ISSUE regarding the connectability in the analogy.It is the only issue that invalidates its legitimate use in your argument. When you try to use the analogy in this thread, you are assuming the genetic cause of homosexuality exists as strongly as it does in the determination of skin color. This has not been proven. Do not claim something as evidence of your claim when the 'evidence' has not been proven.   Show me ANY PERSON who has promulgated a gay equality argument with an analogy that blacks and gays are similar in genetic aspects. ANYBODY... That's what has been happening here. You claim the analogy supports your cause...I say the analogy is invalid because skin color is 100% determined by genetics ( a proven fact )...homosexuality has not been proven to be 100% genetically imposed.        You know, it's funny that you make this claim, and then you link to a web-site that is titled "peoplecanchange". Would you mind explaining why you linked to that web-site if my argument "is unrelated to genetics"?I was referring to your immediately preceding statement...which I quoted. Read your quote that precedes my statement. The fact ex-gays may be just suppressing their desires, never changing to "heterosexual" at all is UNRELATED to genetics. I can suppress a bad habit, still want to partake of it and this means ABSOLUTELY NOTHING regarding whether the habit was inherited or chosen. You are pushing the "my genes made me do it" routine and I am pushing the "most people can change" routine. Life is great!    ... ...    I gave a reason why I saw it as irrelevant. EVEN IF being black were a choice, it would STILL be an invalid grounds for discrimination. Do you disagree?There is no ground for discrimination against a law-abiding citizen.    ... .  On the flip side, you say "you have no idea why" but then COMPLETELY FAIL to explain any reason why black being a choice would be important here.  You seem to be under the delusion that the black / gay comparison survives because being black is not a choice. Not true. In fact, I think you have ABSOLUTELY NO IDEA WHY the analogy exists in the first place, and the grounds by which the analogy is made.Oh, I completely understand why it was attempted.   If you LOOK at the arguments used in favor of black discrimination, and compare the arguments used in favor of gay discrimination, there is an AMAZING degree of overlap.They've both been mistreated. This does not validate the analogy used in this thread.   Here, you claim "objects without similar characteristics", and then you COMPLETELY IGNORE THE SIMILARITY we are talking about in order to focus on a dissimilarity you want to talk about. By that technique, NO analogy would be valid. You could invalidate ANY analogy if all you had to do was point to a difference between the two.  No. I have understood only PERFECTLY CLEAR what you have said. All you have done, in essence, is add "100%" to my statement. That's it. By the same ideology, ANY analogy between fish and birds could be invalidated because fish have gills. Birds have lungs. Fish have scales. Birds have feathers. Ergo, by your complete lack of comprehension and appreciation for what an ANALOGY is in the first place, you declare the analogy invalid. If somebody were to compare the migratory habits of birds and fish, ignoring the similarities, you would pipe up and say that it couldn't be done. No analogy could be used. Based on differences IRRELEVANT to the analogy.If the differences are indeed irrelevant to the analogy, they do NOT invalidate it. However, an analogy between birds and snakes regarding the laying of eggs is invalid except for the four or so species of snakes that do lay eggs (as does the coral snake) because all birds lay eggs, most snakes don't. Likewise, an analogy between birds and snakes regarding how they care for their young is invalid because of all the snakes...none of them nuture their young. An analogy between snakes and birds regarding variations in color IS valid because both exhibit a wide range of colorations. You have to consider the attributes of both entities when applying an analogy. The particular attribute in question for the analogy your side uses to support its argument is based on genetic determination. Skin color is a genetic thing...homosexuality has not been proven to be so. If and when it has, you are perfectly correct to use that analogy.    Surely I expected you to have a clue before you piped up... Since it has been abundantly clear that you don't even comprehend the point of comparison of the black / gay analogy in the first place, I apologize for my mistake and will correct for your lack of comprehension in the future...Tell you what...we'll drop that issue until I can come up with a clearly understandable outline for its invalidness.    That is mind-numbingly simplistic, and without scientific basis. If you wanted to go that route, the amount of INDEPENDENT research on change would prove our "genetic" case.I've already stated that those numbers are arbitrary guess on my part. It could be 20-80, 30-70, 40-60, 50-50 or something else. At this time, there is NO REASON to believe it is 100-0.   And on another note, just a few sentences ago, weren't you claiming that the capability to change was irrelevant to genetics??? :xbanghead No! I claimed it was UNRELATED to genetics.    I can prove that the sun is not black by showing a picture of it where it is yellow. Likewise, if you can show ANY evidence from people showing how it is something other than genetic, that would be a start.  I'll take it by your demure that you want to avoid that...Proving that something does not exist is quite different from proving that something that does exist is not a certain color. That analogy ^^^^ won't work either. There is some evidence that it is not genetic in the links I posted.  I challenge you to show ANY scientific research which even hints that homosexuality is a choice.The links I posted suggest that it is a combination of things...just as I thought   You have the gall to challenge the "genetic" aspect, and then toss out this lame attempt to back-door the idea that it's "choice"?Nowhere have I claimed it to be totally free of genetic influence. Neither have I claimed that it is all choice.
Really? You never actually got around to saying so. Perhaps if you actually came out and said when you changed your mind on something people might change their opinions about you.  Why should the opinions of people here about me concern me? I'm not here to win any popularity contest. And it looks like you were wrong about everyone seeing me the same way you do, anyhow. Regardless, it's minor compared to someone who makes reckless claims and doesn't back them up, as you did in your previous post.
I don't know why you should care, but you clearly do, since you keep responding to posts like these. As for me, if people thought I was intolerant I would want to know why.  But you're the only one that keeps harping on that over and over and over ... Look, please don't start up this XXXX again, Kronos. Take it up on IM if you want to start your games again. Better yet, don't start it at all. The admin is probably getting tired of deleting your discussions.
You know it's your trolls that have been getting deleted, not mine. And no one is forcing you to keep harping, if discussing your posting style isn't your thing, don't respond! It's really trully that simple. I'm more than happy to point out deficiencies in what you say to you when I see them; when you respond I take that as an invitation to continue the discussion. Especially when you delete any content and only respond to my analysis of your posting style. I really don't know why you keep complaining about my dragging you into these things when I in fact have no ability to drag you into anything you don't want to. You have free will here; if you don't like discussing this, then don't!  Um, no. You shouldn't be getting off topic about a poster's posting style over and over like that to begin with. Most of the time this starts with YOU, by your deviation from the topic to instead talking about ME, which seems to be an obsession on your part, frankly. This thread is a LITTLE bit of an exception because you weighed in on Thelmoose's deviation. But it's not a pattern for him; it IS for you. I'm simply asking you to stop because there's just no need for discussion after discussion getting sidetracked like this. You keep trying to pretend you aren't the one doing this, but in point of fact you are, and you keep trying to sugarcoat this problem you have by calling it things like "pointing out deficiencies" when in point of fact you're just flat-out sidetracking relevant discussions in most of these cases. Then, rather than owning up to the problem you have, you try to make it out like I'm the one who needs to stop responding to you! emoticon_wow This is an issue of you being unable to stay on topic--an online form of ADD it seems. Chances are you'll keep this going (to save face), as you usually do rather than just dropping it and getting back to the topic of the thread.
So you do want to talk about it then, rather than the topic at hand? Ok.  The reason I comment on your style so often is that it's disruptive. You often use distractionary, and sometimes down right dishonest, techniques when you discuss things. If someone frequently moves the goal posts, changes defintions mid stream, misquotes, etc, you can either waste alot of time trying to drag them back on course, or simply call them on it. I choose the latter, especially in your case, given your history. Basically, once someone has stopped using honest debating techniques the debate is over; all you can do is point it out and hope they stop.   Once again, you're also keeping this up. You're still posting. I don't mind this discussion, I enjoy meta-debate. You claim you don't, yet you don't stop. What's your motive? Could it be that you've just provided it? Saving face? Whatever. I've said my piece, go ahead and get your last word in. I've seen that train wreck, I don't need to watch it again.  Kronus, please give Jyoshu a break and get off his case. Anyone who doesn't cowtow to a politically correct mindset is probably going to be looked upon as disruptive, but I don't see that in Jyoshu's postings. He's just providing his opinions / positions like everyone else, and getting hammered and called dishonest by MrLAWrite and others for having different ideas, which he does support.
Yeah. Give Jyoshu a break. Because it's the GAYS we should be hammering and calling names like "immoral" and working towards insuring they continue to have less than equality! It's the GAYS' case we should be on! After all, isn't that what this whole message board section is about? It's THEM we need to ensure are subjugated to the closet... < end sarcasm <  The issue is not "cowtowing to a politically correct mindset". Although I can understand why you want to pretend that is the issue. The issue is not just "having different ideas". The examples given are not about just having "different ideas".  I can understand why you want to obfuscate this issue, but obfuscating the issue is part of the problem here. You are epitomizing the behavior that is being discussed. Ironic, huh?  Is this your idea of liberal "tolerance"? If so it's not working. Liberal tolerance is not what it appears to be. It is a contradictory, partisan philosophical perspective with its own rigid set of dogmas. It assumes, for instance, a relativistic view of moral and religious knowledge. This assumption has shaped the way many people think about issues such as homosexuality, abortion rights, and religious truth claims, leading them to believe that a liberally tolerant posture concerning these issues is the correct one and that it ought to be reflected in our laws and customs. But this posture is often dogmatic, intolerant, and coercive, for it asserts that there is only one correct view on these issues, and if one does not embrace it, one may likely face public ridicule, demagogic tactics, and perhaps even legal reprisals. Liberal tolerance is therefore neither liberal nor tolerant.  Open up your mind to other ideas, like Godly wisdom.
 I find it pretty funny that the ones that demand absolute scientific proof that homosexuality is genetic, are the same ones that blindly take the word of ancient, ignorant, superstitious people that the Bible is the word of God.  Blindly? That's horse pucky. You might want to study it sometime and open your eyes.   As for scientific proof of homosexual genetics, that's a legitimate study. But science cannot replicate historical events or personal endeavors from antiquity. So your argument is a strawman.   The God of the Bible has not done one simple thing in the past 2000 years...  What would you know? Do you have his daily event log about what he's done or not done?   .... after being so involved with everything that happened on the earth during the times the Bible describes (well, he did put a stain on an office building here in Clearwater, Florida that looks like Mary in a shroud, I've heard of a stain on the floor of a subway station in Mexico City that 'looks' like Jesus).  You might rather consider the stain you've placed on your own soul with this juvenile, anti-Jesus bigotry.
  Can you explicitly explain what I did that demonstrates "intolerance", because I think the key problem here is that you don't comprehend what the word means.  Just look at your tacky tag lines demeaning what Jyoshu wrote. There's no need for that type of intolerance.
Flash forward about twenty-five years - San Francisco, CA - An activist Mayor, Gavin Newsom, taunts the State's voters and defiles both the rule of law and the sanctity of marriage as he cons thousands of "same-sex couples," including the corpulent Queen of crass herself, Rosie O'Donnell, into taking part in a number of mock weddings held in San Francisco's City Hall. Of course they weren't really married - but they sure seemed to have fun pretending.  As a result of the concerted effort by liberals to mask the devastating effects of the gay lifestyle, many people are shocked to learn that the average life expectancy of a homosexual male is only about 45 years old - 30 years younger than that of a heterosexual male.   One study determined that homosexual males have from between 20 to 106 sexual partners per year. It's no wonder that homosexual men account for over 50% of all hepatitis cases, and still account for over 50% of all AIDS cases despite the fact that they only make up 1-3% of the population. Homosexual men and women share a markedly increased risk of contracting nearly all forms of STD. The men frequently suffer from other sodomy related injuries, and are far more likely to be murdered (likely by another homosexual) than their heterosexual counterparts; this, due to the typically raucous and oft anonymous nature of the gay lifestyle.   All of these things considered, and given that the cost to treat an AIDS patient averages nearly $350,000, the homosexual lifestyle shares responsibility, by no small measure, for this Country's skyrocketing health care costs.   Fortunately, for those who wish to escape the homosexual lifestyle, there is support. A number of homosexual recovery organizations such as Exodus International and NARTH have helped thousands of people who have been addicted to homosexual behaviors, successfully leave the lifestyle. Many have gone on to have happy and fulfilled heterosexual marriages, to include the greatest of all blessings... children.   But the militants don't want to hear it. In fact, they don't want you to hear it, and have proposed legislation to ban such recovery organizations claiming that any mention of homosexual recovery is "hate-speech." But it's predictable - any time anyone dare expose the aforementioned truths about the homosexual lifestyle, or criticize the homosexual lobby for its radical anti-marriage, anti-family agenda, there's an enormous backlash. It's an age-old tactic geared toward silencing one's critics. It consists primarily of the ad hominem atack - Homophobe! Hate-Monger! Bigot! Gay Basher! Neanderthal!    http://www.theconservativevoice.com/articles/article.html?storyid=1484
I want to know how gay marrige harms heterosexuals. And I want some solid evidence. I don't care what your moral, or religious beliefs are, because that is irrelevant. I don't care about your personal opinion about gays. I want to know EXACTLY how you are harmed, and I want it backed up. Doing the electric slide around logic by using arguments like "if we allow gays to marry, then whats to say that we won't let people marry dogs?". Well, that logic could be applied to any law. In fact, why let anyone have rights at all? And if you're going to throw around statements like "marrige is between 1 man and 1 woman", then I want to see evidence of this. I can't see any anywhere.  So again, where is your solid, logical evidence for your views?  Speaking only for myself of course, I don't think I've seen anyone claim they themselves would be harmed, or that individuals would be harmed, by gay people.
So what rational reason would there be to deny them the right to marry the person they love?  They can "marry" whomever they love. Benefits though, are a different matter. The state and society views marriage as an opposite-sex institution. It's not about anyone getting harmed; no one said it was.
Yes they have. Are you denying that conservatives and religious-right advocates have not been trying to ban gay marrige?  Of course they have been. They are following the Bible which says homosexuality is a sin.
The bible also says that I should be killed for my haircut. The bible said that I should be able to own Mexicans as slaves. The bible says that we should kill all women if they have sex before they marry. Should we make these laws too? The bible has nothing to do with laws. If you don't like gay marrige, don't marry someone your own sex. Simple as that.  Prove it, shooterandproud.
Then banning same-sex marrige would be wrong, and there would be no reason for it. Unless it harms someone, a law should never be passed.   A law baning same-sex marriage, then I'd agree. But the reason same-sex marriage doesn't exist (other than Mass.) is not because of law; after all, there are plenty of states that don't have same-sex marriage with no law that outlaws it. You're barking up the wrong tree--this is a cultural issue more than a legal one.
Marrige shouldn't be about benefits. I think a lot of people look upon an actual ceremony as a celebration. Why should we deny them that?   I don't think they should be denied those benefits at all. I just think it should be done a different way.   Also, if what you say is true, and they can just "marry" without the celebration, what's the point in banning it? They're getting "married" anyway, right?  Who said anything about banning it?
BUt it comes down to gay people being harmed by not being allowed to marry. Any time a group is excluded because of someone elses religious beliefs that group is harmed.  Marriage is a secular condition set up by various Societies over the millenia and one of the prerequisites set out is that such a union should be between people of different genders.  Religion has supported this and sanctified it but did not invent it.  You don't curse the Church you lobby Society to see if you can effect a change. People who believe the different gender aspect are entitled to lobby for no change.
Then would you agree that I have the right to sue organizations that lobby and get legislation passed that adversly effects me and I suffer damages because of that legislation?  Of course not. Unless you do not believe people other than yourself have any rights. And of course if you do not believe in democracy when it (in your view) adversely affects you to some small degree
Then again if I suffer damages because of someone elses actions then I am entitled to sue for damages. Unless of course you do not believe in the concept of holding people accountable when they harm others.   Of course, but if it is the law of the land (and merely because some one is lobbying does not cause you to suffer damages) then tough you live with it
Then again if I suffer damages because of someone elses actions then I am entitled to sue for damages. Unless of course you do not believe in the concept of holding people accountable when they harm others....this coming from a guy who is offended by the sight of heterosexual couples flaunting the children in public.emoticon_wow  Are you going to sue to have all children kept from public view?
I don't buy your argument. People sue others for damages all the time. If company x does something that harms someone then they are sued. These organiaztions have sought to harm others or the result of their actions have caused harm. I do not see why they can not be held accountable for that harm.  They are sued because they have done something against the law which has harmed you. Presumably also if your lobbying for gay marriage causes intense mental distress and harm to others they can sue you ?
Not always. Take the class actions against the cigarette companies or whole product liability industry. In many cases those companies obey and in some cases exceed the legal standards, yet they are still sued.   What I am proposing is that If I loose money as a result of the death of my husband, which I would otherwise not have lost if we had had a marriage license, then I should have the right to sue those who where instrmental in stopping me from getting the license in the first place.  Oh, you mean the government and people of the USA (in your case) who made the laws. You could do that if the laws were themselves illegal (only possible in the USA or others who have a Constitution which may or may not affect this). Other than that if the law doesn't permit what you want, then what you want is illegal and hence yopu cannot sue.
Exactly and this is what causes civil wars and what causes people to take justice into thier own hands. When the government is not responsive to who have been harmed then can you blame people for violence and innserection?  Yes, if the laws have been brought in fairly, discussed and voted on.  Still more so if there has been a referendum on the subject  Your response is to lobby to get them changed. Otherwise you are only a bully or dictator. I know you don't really believe in democracy
 These things are all done prudently outside the bonds of marriage whether ye marry a man, woman, or tree.   ... ...but he can't marry a tree...or a man. Luckily, he doesn't even have to be married to give what he wants, including power of attorney, to anyone he chooses.  However, that's not good enough to stop the ridiculous argument that he must be granted the use of 'marriage'.
Are ye telling me that society would be harmed by allowing me to marry a tree? Who are ye to judge! What Douglas Fir and I do in the privacy of our own home has nothing to do with ye. Just because no one photosynthesizes in your marriage doesn't make mine unnatural.   If you don't want to incite a civil war, you had better recognize unions between man and spruce. For that matter, bushes must henceforth be referred to as trees to prevent unequal treatment by loggers. Our age old definition of tree is discriminatory to other members of the plant kingdom.   Stop intolerant beavers!! As much as I disagree with the point you're trying to make, this is hilarious! emoticon_smile emoticon_xbouncer
Throughout history marriage has been more than a merely personal event. It had sociological importance for society as a whole. It wasn't a religious event although religion often sanctioned it.
I keep hearing the statement let the people decide or let the people vote. Why should people be allowed to vote on my marriage? No where else and in no other civil rights aspect do we see this type of statement.   Because Matthew, society has to take the time to define its standards. We don't start with the assumption that anything-goes; standards are developed over time. Your question is no different than the recent couple in Germany in the news who are brother and sister wondering why they should not be allowed to marry. Marriage laws have to have limits somewhere in terms of what sort of arrangements of people suffice to be considered marriage, and this is all a part of simply determining (over time) where those limits fall.  Many rights in our society DID have to go through a people-deciding process, so you are wrong that on no other issue do we see that sort of thing happening. In fact, even with civil rights itself, it happened in the form of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. It happened earlier than that with women's suffrage. Voting on civil rights is a well established precedent. Some things have become rights, some haven't. It's a process that our society goes through in defining its standards. The problem is that some in your movement seem to want to circumvent that process.
Both the examples you provide (civil rights and women's suffrage) didn't come about because those with the power decided one day to be nice. They happened because those without the power protested and challenged the legality of the discrimination.  Indeed protesting made a difference, but it didn't happen until enough people came on board. All the protesting in the world wouldn't have brought it about if the will of the people were not changing to make it happen. At the end of the day, any legislative movement needs the will of the people to be successful. It may not need a full majority in some cases, but it needs enough people on board. That's why legislation requires not only voting (by legislature), but elected officials to do so as well. There was a process our country went through on those issues as whether or not they were legitimate in terms of the law--it involved a national debate, protests, etc. Sometimes this process results in our country (the people) granting civil rights legislation, and sometimes it doesn't (depending on whether it is deemed warranted). The process (which will undoubtedly take years) is going on right now in regards to gays. Time will tell what the result will be.  Furthmore - whether an individual deserves rights should NEVER be a voting matter. What an utterly disgusting concept.  Any form of legislation is a voting matter. That's the way our system works.
Why is it that whenever this comes up you insist on conflating "the people voting on a law" with "the legislature voting on a law" or "the people electing politicians"? Why can't you simply discuss the topic at hand?  In what way do you feel it is not the issue at hand? Matthew asked about voting on his civil rights and this is all part of the voting process.
I keep hearing the statement let the people decide or let the people vote. Why should people be allowed to vote on my marriage? No where else and in no other civil rights aspect do we see this type of statement. Wouldn't it be strange if someone said "Let the people vote on wether a black man or jewish man can live in a certain neighborhood"  You actually can vote on this (of have your legislatures do it). Some issues require more than just a majority but you can still vote. If 80% of the people think all Jewish persons should live in Florida then its not looking for those Jewish persons that don't wish to live in Florida. This doesn't mean its the right thing to do but this is a flaw of democracy.
In exactly the way I just said. He asked about people voting on laws, not legislators voting on laws.  Fair enough; but regardless, the point still stands--people voting on laws is indeed allowed under our system. (Ballot initiatives.) It is all part of the process I mentioned to Matthew of society determining its standards. If you have a beef with the people being able to work toward determining our society's standards (through voting on such issues), then if I were you I'd take it up with the govt.
I will echo the point that several have made here. The idea of allowing the masses to determine civil rights is stupid and wrong. If a group's civil rights need protecting, then they need protecting from the very masses that are doing the voting. Ballot measures may be a legal process, but that doesn't prevent them from being stupid and wrong, now does it? That's the point that's trying to be made here.  An interesting question to bring up at this point is this: how does something become a civil right in the first place?  And in line with Steeeeve's point, supposing 80% of the people want to do something really stupid or unjust, they really could do it. I think he chose the high percentage because he is thinking of a Constitutional amendment. I think everyone would agree that it is silly to suppose that a Constitutional amendment could somehow be unconstitutional. So, to borrow Steeeeve's example, if a Constitutional amendment was passed which required all Jewish persons to live in Florida, well, that is what will happen. That doesn't make it morally right, but the Constitution has permitted injustice in the past, so it is certainly not out of the question that it would permit injustice in the future. But to reiterate a very important point: the American People have an excellent track record when it comes to fixing flaws in their Constitution, and remedying injustices allowed by their Constitution. And the overarching point that I (and I think at least Steeeeve as well) would suggest is that judges cannot legitimately overturn laws simply because they personally think the law is unjust. They can only legitimately overturn laws that violate the Constitution.
Or at least try to, and hope someone doesn't derail the conversation into irrelevant issues like how the legislature works.  Well, that's up to you. If you don't want to derail it, you don't have to. emoticon_xangel   I will echo the point that several have made here. The idea of allowing the masses to determine civil rights is stupid and wrong. If a group's civil rights need protecting, then they need protecting from the very masses that are doing the voting. Ballot measures may be a legal process, but that doesn't prevent them from being stupid and wrong, now does it? That's the point that's trying to be made here.  It seems to me that what is really happening in society with these ballot initiatives and other parts of the process is determining whether or not it is a civil right in the first place to give legal marriage to whatever group arrangement is in question. (In this case, gays couples.) That process has to take place; it is just not feasible in our society to give marriage equality to any group of any arrangement that comes along demanding it until we determine for certain that it needs to be done. If society determines that same-sex arrangements of two people should suffice to redefine marriage for it to be included, then so be it. But that process has to be there in some form, realistically.  If you are going to draw the line in terms of what can be voted on a ballot initiative or not, what authority determines that? How are you going to determine where that line is drawn? And you can't just arbitrarily say "when civil rights are being infringed" because that doesn't carry any legal weight--it's opinion. Just saying it's "stupid" and "wrong" may be your point being made, but it's a point that doesn't offer any solutions.
I know we all go around and around on this issue. What I do not seem to see from those in that oppose same sex marriage is any sort of empathy.   Empathy that only involves giving up disagreement towards marriage being redefined? Is that the only standard of empathy acceptable to you here?  Do they ask themselves would I want someone to deny me marriage? Would I want someone I do not know telling me I can't marry the person I love? Would I want someone elses religious beliefs to effect my family? The whole subject is very personal, as has been pointed out  It may be personal, but like it or not it is a very real debate in society. There is nothing wrong with having opinions on this. This is not like your examples of forbidding black people to go into a certain places; this is about redefining a social institution in order to give benefits that could be given a different way in the first place. You aren't being prevented from entering any buildings here--you can get married if you want; no police are going to keep you out or bar the door. If you want to get married, then get married! Commit yourself to someone. The only issue here in question is the benefits. That can be covered with civil unions, and in fact that's exactly the way numerous states are handling it.
All you're saying here is that if society wants to be bigoted it should be allowed to be.  Well, no not really. I'm saying that it has to go through a process of determining what is bigoted and what is reasonable in the first place by determining the standards, and I think voting on ballot initiatives is part of that process. Just because someone says something is bigotry does not automatically make it so. What determines whether or not an issue on a ballot initiative is 'bigotry' is the issue being voted on (and the standards society sets on it). For example, in Germany recently, there is a lot of news about a brother and sister who are wanting legal marriage. As a result Germany is having to go through a process of determining if they should provide legal marriage for incest couples (and they are giving it serious consideration). So there is a process over which it is determined if this couple is experiencing bigotry or not. I think these ballot initiatives are part of that process here in terms of gay marriage.  Very libertarian of you, but I believe that if the power of the government can be used to fight evil and prejudice, it should. If wrong is happening, and the government can stop it, it should.  If evil and wrong are indeed happening, then sure. That's what we're determining as a society, as well as the best way to fix it. Just using terms like "wrong" and "evil" may make for great rhetoric, but it doesn't determine anything here. No one is disagreeing that the govt should put a stop to evil and wrong; the issue is a.) whether or not evil and wrong are indeed taking place in the issue of gay marriage (and therefore using the issue on ballot initiatives), and b.) how to best deal with it if it IS evil and wrong (civil unions, redefining marriage, etc.) My point is that I think ballot initiatives are simply a way to help determine these things on a controversial issue in society. How would you determine what issues are valid for use on ballot initiatives? What criteria would you use? Or would you throw out the whole concept of ballot initiatives altogether regardless of the subject matter?  Gee, now I'm supposed to offer solutions before you even get what the point is? I'm I allowed to use both hands while I type? Any other restrictions you want to add? emoticon_xdonno  But I do get your point. And I wouldn't think that offering solutions would be a restriction; I would think you would want to do that. But whatever.
First off, there are really two types of civil rights. There are the general rights guaranteed by the government, like a right to privacy or the right to a trial, and then there are civil rights concerned with ensuring that all citizens are treated equally. We are discussing the later here, right?  The rights of all citizens are, in theory, equal. In reality, some groups have those rights infringed upon. When this happens and gets recognized a law gets passed (hopefully) saying "No, you can't deny someone such and such a right just because they belong to such and such a group". So, discrimination occurs, gets recognized, gets redressed. That's how it happens. And the reason leaving this to ballot measures is so absurd is that if the discrimination is widespread, then naturally it won't be acknowledged, and certainly won't get redressed.  I'm not sure that being treated equally, in general or without qualification, is a civil right. The point I was trying to make with my question was that it is majorities that guarantee civil rights.  Have we had this discussion before? Can you show a case where this has actually happened, or are you just playing devil's advocate here? Specifically in the case of gay marriage, let's not drag all of US legal history into this please. :)  My statement was only general. It is Matthew's position that judges should overturn laws they (ahem, he) thinks are unjust even where there is no legal basis to do so. I do not think this is legitimate. From my past discussions with you, I think you are likely to agree with me on this.
Then by your standard the only answer for a minority, that is unjustly targeted by a majority, is insurrection and civil war.  Or they could do what other minorities have done in the past and use all the political options open to them. I submit that you would be a lot more successful in your endeavor if you would stop suggesting that the courts should just ignore the law and do what you want them to do.  The people and the legislature are passing laws that unjustly target a minority and you are saying that that minority should not have access to the courts to rectify the injustice they suffer.  No one is saying that the minority does not have access to the courts. But it is quite obvious that the minority is not always going to win in court. Judges overturn laws if they violate the Constitution. If the challenged law doesn't do that, then the minority should lose.  I see the only answer is insurrection and civil war. Yes you are right about the american people but it takes pain to get there. Slavery was only ended with war.  Well, the 19th Amendment was not passed because of insurrection or civil war.
Matthew, in one regard I agree with you. I believe fully in the right of the individual to do what he will. It is when those individual rights come into conflict that society becomes involved. I am not harmed because one man wishes to live for all eternity with another; it is his sovereign right to make that decision. That man can even establish a legal construct to ensure that his fortune is inherited. Again, no harm to me. Where I come into the picture is when the gentlemen seek to pass a peremptory acceptance by all of society on their actions. You wish to compel me, as a member of society to say "yey, I approve this action" when I in fact do not. In so doing, you violate my own right to self determination. Once two individuals with a common claim on a right come into conflict it falls to the purview of the society to effect legislation concerning the common good.   I should also like to question your postulation that less than full acceptance = hate. Voting for a democrat does not make one a Republicanphobe does it? Non acceptance of an individual's philosophy does not equal hate of that philosophy. The notion that I must tolerate and pay obeisance to every action of the homosexual community in the name of tolerance is absurd.   If a State seeks to define marriage as a union between a Man and a Woman, then so be it, provided there be an avenue for civil union. This is no different than a State establishing certification and licensing criteria for Doctors and Engineers. If you do not meet the Criteria, you cannot call yourself a Professional Engineer. This is not a violation of your civil rights any more than if you, as a couple, do not meet the State definition of marriage.
But that isn't correct. It's the law that guarantees civil rights, not the majority. The law is in fact there to protect the civil rights of minorities from the majority. The purpose of the law isn't to codify the will of the people. Nominally it's to protect and serve the people, and sometimes that requires preventing them from doing things they want to do. You can't kill just cause you're mad, you can't take something just because you want it, and you can't oppress someone just because you don't like a group they're in.  As I agree with the other stuff you said, I'll just respond to this one.  I would say, generally, that it is in fact the law that guarantees civil rights. But my point is this: how do laws get made? Majorities, of some form, enact them. That's really the point that I'm making. It really is simply my response to Matthew's position, which you do not share, that the judiciary is supposed to overturn any laws that appear to be unjust, even when there is no legal basis for the action. I care about legitimacy, so even though I might agree that a law is bad, or even that it is severely unjust, I would not advocate or support judges overturning those laws without an appropriate legal basis.
The last couple of your post's seems to imply that those who are for equal marriage rights for gays should just hold on while you all 'figure out' whether there is legitimate reason to recognize gay people and their families.   I said nothing about anyone needing to 'hold on'. IMO, it is completely appropriate for people to protest and do their part toward changes if they so desire. That's part of our system.
...  It is a violation of my civil rights in that I am being deined something that others have because of who I am and who I love. It is not a violation of your civil rights at all. You are denied 'marriage' because of the definition of marriage.  For the record I have no problem if they do away with all marriage then we will all be equal.I am quite sure you have no problem with that...destroy what belongs to other people just so you can call yourself 'equal'. Lower the bar so we can all get into any group that exists.  This gravitates toward the same thing you were told in many posts. Just because you want to be something doesn't mean you should be able to redefine what that thing entails. You want to be an engineer?...study and pass the exams! You want to be a lawyer?...study and pass the exams. You want to get 'married'?...find yourself a woman.
Gaetano: A gay man and a lesbian can be legally wed. Their union would be a gay marriage, since both parties are gay. As long as it is male and female, it's acceptable. Does the gay man and the lesbian woman and their "marriage" destroy what belongs to others? Despite the fact that the participants are male and female, it is a gay marriage. And perfectly legal at that. As far as I can see it is appearances, not sanctity that you are trying uphold.  Your wordplay doesn't make it so. The marriage of a gay man and a lesbian doesn't make it a gay marriage, it makes it a marriage of gays.
The concern is with gay sex. Why can't people mind their own business?  Yeah, and why do we stick our noses in an punish husbands for wife abuse, pedophiles, drunk drivers, etc., emoticon_rolleyes
This is a lame-XXX, cop-out argument. You got a daughter you want to offer up to Matthew in a loveless, sexless misery of marriage? Care to put your money where your mouth is?Hardly lame...hardly a cop out....just the truth about the only way Matthew should be able to say he's 'married'.  Both of my daughters are already married, raising their own children. Besides, I'm not into arranged marriages for any reason. I believe a male and a female who love each other and are otherwise legally suited for marriage should be PERMITTED to marry and call themselves 'married'.  I believe a male and a male who love each other and are otherwise legally suited for merging should be PERMITTED to merge and call themselves 'merged'.  I believe all rights extended to married persons should be extended to merged persons.    Personally as time goes on I am empathizing with Matthew more and more. Is it empathy or sympathy?   Not just his point of view but his ideas about how to achieve them. I am sick and tired of the idea that only some families deserve recognition. And its not just gay people who get the short end of the stick - its single parents or any other family unit that doesn't equal man, woman, dog, picket fence, suburbia and 2.5 kids.As I have stated before, I have no difficulty recognizing any particular group of people as a family. Familiarity and loving support is all it takes.  Gaetano: A gay man and a lesbian can be legally wed. Their union would be a gay marriage, since both parties are gay. As long as it is male and female, it's acceptable. Does the gay man and the lesbian woman and their "marriage" destroy what belongs to others? Despite the fact that the participants are male and female, it is a gay marriage. And perfectly legal at that. As far as I can see it is appearances, not sanctity that you are trying uphold.Wrong again. You fail to see that I am not against gays living with, having sex with each other under any banner other than 'married'. Call it what you will...merged...unionized...harmonized...welded...stuck-to...or just make up a new word that suits your fancy.  Your wordplay doesn't make it so. The marriage of a gay man and a lesbian doesn't make it a gay marriage, it makes it a marriage of gays.Exactly.  The concern is with gay sex. Why can't people mind their own business?I'm not concerned at all with gay sex. Have at it, bro...just don't expect others to change what they have just to accommodate you and your misunderstanding of nature.  Ah yes, the good old bigoted and fallacious mindset of gays being comparable to wife beaters, paedophiles, drunk drivers, etc. Grow up, JP, and quit insulting gays. emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_rolleyesYou misinterpret things quite easily.
Gaetano: And your point is?  Marriage is gender based i.e. man and woman. Whether each or either or both of them is homosexual is irrelevant.  Second marriage is a matter for society as a whole and has been since time immemorial throughout the changing cultures
These are examples of one person hurting another. You want to give an example of how you, or anyone else is hurt by gay sex?  Who do you think made AIDS a major health concern in the US?:xcensored
Ah yes, the good old bigoted and fallacious mindset of gays being comparable to wife beaters, paedophiles, drunk drivers, etc. Grow up, JP, and quit insulting gays. emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_rolleyes  No one compared gays to wife beaters or pedophiles. I compared them to other areas in which we interject our morality into someone else's activities. It's easy for you to attempt to dismiss doing so as bigotted because it deflects the truth. The truth is that many of our laws are the result of interjecting OUR morality on others' behaviors, so YOU grow up. :xcensored
I haven't been following what Matthew has been saying. Whenever I have been refering to "the majority" I mean the majority of the people, the masses. If you're just trying to say that laws get passed when the majority of the legislature says "aye", then sure, that's true. If you're talking about the masses, then while that is a legal way to enact laws in some states, my position is that it is still the wrong way to guarantee civil rights, for the reasons I've already spelled out. So while I acknowledge that "Majorities, of some form" enact laws, I'm not sure how that relates to anything I've said. Matthew, possibly. But me, no. If you're still arguing against Matthew, then you're responding to the wrong person here. :)  If making laws is the incorrect way to guarantee civil rights then I'd sure like to hear what you think the correct way is.
Go back and read what I wrote. I think you'll find that I never said that making laws was the wrong way to guarantee civil rights. I said that having the people, via ballot measures, vote for civil rights laws was wrong, and explained why. Shall I repeat my arguments?  Then your response to Phyllis didn't make any sense or you believe that only a legislative body can make laws regarding civil rights and not the people (which is incorrect in and of itself).  Perhaps I am missing something or you are just saying "it shouldn't be done" even though it is allowable under our system of law.
Yes, you got it. I'm not saying it's illegal. I'm saying it's a bad idea, a recipe for injustice.  Alright, so the next question would be should the judiciary invalidate something because it may be a "recipe for injustice"?
Again, go back and read what I've written. I've never said anything remotely like what you're suggesting. I think you're confusing me with someone else. :)  I realize you didn't say this...that's why I was asking :)
Not gays. It's not gay sex that spreads AIDS, it's unsafe sex. Patient zero in North America was gay, and the virus showed up during a period of sexual revolution for gays. Those two facts led to it spreading through the gay population more quickly than the straight population, at least at first. But if you look at current infection rates, taking into account the skewed initial infection rates, straights are getting AIDS at the same relative rate as gays. If patient zero had been straight then AIDS wouldn't be associated with gays at all. So no, you don't get to blame gays for AIDS. It would have hit the US one way or the other; it was just chance that it started with gays.  Bull@#$%! If patient Zero was straight, there's a possibility that patent 1 wouldn't have existed. HIV doesn't spread easily through straight sex. It achieved critical mass in the gay community, entered the blood supply and was further spread by junkies and bisexuals. To claim otherwise is to fly in the face of the facts. :xcensored
Ok, I got the impression that you were responding to something you thought I said. Why else would you say it should be the next question? To answer your question, I would say no. The courts should throw things out for being unconstitutional, and that's pretty much it. What we should do is educate people and get them to understand how wrong it is.  I agree that this is the best method. I'm not saying you will convince me but I'll certainly respect the argument.  I really think the best argument for gay marriage is that "straight" marriage is nothing special now anyway. Even if the thoughts that to "not make it worse" or "at least allowing only straight marriage sets an example" are not working as you can't make marriage much worse with a 50% divorce rate and probably higher if you include people that just hate each other. The second argument about the example is obviously not working.  It is like I am arguing to keep gays out of a failed system...odd
Why should people be allowed to vote on my marriage?  This question is premised on an untenable assumption: that people should not be allowed to vote on particular issues. This premise is clearly not true in any democratic society, and is especially not true in the United States. In the United States, it is a contradiction in terms to say someone is not allowed to vote on X. I have demonstrated this before, and yet the same silly question keeps coming up.
I keep hearing the statement let the people decide or let the people vote. Why should people be allowed to vote on my marriage? No where else and in no other civil rights aspect do we see this type of statement. Wouldn't it be strange if someone said "Let the people vote on wether a black man or jewish man can live in a certain neighborhood"  Because you are using a word that already has a definition.  Main Entry: marriage  Pronunciation: \&#712;mer-ij, &#712;ma-rij\  Function: noun  Etymology: Middle English mariage, from Anglo-French, from marier to marry  Date: 14th century  1 a (1): the state of being united to a person of the opposite sex as husband or wife in a consensual and contractual relationship recognized by law  Do you see Jews celebrating Christmas? NO! They already have a holiday that is defined. And I believe the only reason they added same sex marriage to Webster's Dictionary is so not to make flamboyant gay men cry. I am not anti-gay, but I am sick of hearing about it. Your rights do not compare to that of a religious background or ethnicity. That's like comparing an apple to a cardboard box. The only thing the 2 share is the fact that they are nouns. I agree that it shouldn't be voted on. That's a waste of my tax dollar. Do you think I ask the government to give me attention because I JUST HAVE to watch Everybody Loves Raymond in hi def? And you're in the wrong category if you mention gay rights and civil rights in the same sentence. Civil rights are non political and gays are always protesting something that has to do with the government. I would also like to add that I think it's tacky that gays ONLY vote for liberals just because they "love the gays". Those people don't give a #### about you. They say that because the Conservatives haven't and intend to get your vote. Voting for one political party over one issue seems morally wrong. You're gay. Get over it. Move on..........
It's not voting about your life, not do I want to waste my time and money. FYI: I voted against gay marriage here in TN. I don't ask for more priveleges because I am chunky or don't have a porn star peter, do I? Heterosexuals don't receive a special kind of treatment. Most everyone in the world is heterosexual, so it's utterly ridiculous to try to bring up the that fact. Race and religion are much more important than 2 men wanting the right to cuddle up on the couch and watch Hope Floats. I would have said Brokeback Mountain, but that's too cliche now. Anywho, I'm not a gay basher, nor am I anti-gay, BUT I AM SICK OF HEARING ABOUT IT. I relate the gays wanting marriage on the same level as I rate PETA or NAMBLA having any kind of say-so. I'm not downing you. I feel that gays should be allowed to have some kind of union. Hell, if they let the Muslims quit working for a while to work and bathe in the sinks in work restrooms, they should let anything go. People tend to forget that this country was based on the teachings of Christianity and Judaism. I know that being gay is a sin, but I also know that the only unforgivable sin is blaspheme against the Holy Spirit. You may or may not be Christian, but that's the way the majority of Americans live their lives. Pick a new word. Don't use marriage.
I know it frustates you. Things in life frustrate me. Hell, I can't even make good, sweet tea. The only thing I can tell you is life isn't fair, man. I guess I do take it for granted, but I have yet to be married, so I can't speak on that. You're still not convincing me that 2 gays getting married should be a right. Maybe you should try a difference approach.
I am very diverse, so don't speak AT me as if you are a close friend. You only assume because you look at me as being a heterosexual who has more priveleges, which is one of the most ridiculous things I've ever hard in my life. I'm sure there are things in your life that you are more priveleged at than myself. I can't help out your cause and that's why you want to continue to debate this issue with me. It is an issue that we will continue to agree to disagree about. That's what makes the world go round.
Wow someone has a bad case of privledge and just not heterosexual. BTW it is voting on my life. I am being denied something that heterosexuals take forgranted. Heck some heteros take it so forgranted that they even have 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 0r 7 marriages yet they deny me one.   Hetero or not is irrelevant.  Society over the millenia has set up the institution of marriage which set up as being between people of opposite genders.  You are of course entitled to persuade people to change the concept.
I had a hand in stopping it in the state of Tennessee. So, if you don't live in Tennessee, you're right to gay marriage is on someone else's ballot. peteratwar was right when he/she said "You are of course entitled to persuade people to change the concept." Maybe you should get people like that on your side rather than judging me for being heterosexual. Again, I do not hate you because you're gay. I would not ban you from my home for being gay, so don't think I am trying to kill your hopes and dreams. You are fighting one of the toughest battles of the 21st century. And here in America, we have more important things to fund with our tax dollars.
What a joke. Comparing the demands for rights that are not rights, rather, benefits, to the plight and struggle of victims of slavery.
Comparing a sexual preference to anything of political value is bold. Lets say I prefer blowjobs from hot, asian women over handjobs from fat chicks with a bit of facial hair. That's a sexual preference and dare to bring that to a politician's attention. It's the same thing whether you believe it or not.
Let me rephrase this. Why do people think they have a right to vote upon some one elses life?  Because our laws say it is a right...
There is the rub you hit upon the problem. No heterosexual has to convinience any one of any thing yet gay people have to convience people. Can you not see the inequality of such a statement.  No, it is not inequality.  Marriage was set up as a partnership between two people of opposite genders. Those were/are the rules of the institution developed over the millenia for a variety of reasons.  If you qualify then you may if you wish (not compulsory) participate. If you don't qualify then you can't.  If you believe that the rules should change then by all means argue your case.
That's not exactly true now, is it? People get to vote for elected officials, and that's all that's guaranteed federally. Some states have provisions for allowing people to vote on local laws, but in some states the government is allowed to prevent the vote. And of course there is no provision at all allowing the people to vote on federal laws. So in point of fact it is a true statement that in the United States someone is not allowed to vote on X, for some values of X.  Most state constitutions that I have looked at expressly protect the right of the ballot initiative. We are, of course, limiting ourselves to state laws since the federal government has absolutely nothing to do with marriage. The point really is this: if there are enough people in support of something they can get it enacted in the law.  For example, I believe I remember that Michigan's state constitution allows the Constitution to be changed through the ballot initiative without any legislative oversight. The masses can make law by voting.  And another example is the recent case in Massachusetts where the Supreme Court there said that the legislature was constitutionally required to vote on a ballot initiative that is properly before them.  The federal level is perhaps a different story. However, the Constitutional amendment process allows for the masses to have their way in every area. Not through direct voting, but through their representatives.
Wow, I don't think I've ever seen such complete ignorance. You are seriously claiming that HIV doesn't spread easily through straight sex? If you are, I think you need to actually investigate your claim. HIV spreads equally well between gays and straights provided neither use safe sex practices, so your claim is "Bull@#$%" as you put it. If "patient Zero" was straight (which could be probable as they don't know who patient zero was), unless they were celibate and did no drugs, then of COURSE there would have been a "patient 1" and for you to claim otherwse is ridiculous. Your very prejudiced and misinformed claims fly in the face of the facts (Or are you saying that the spread of AIDS in Africa is a figment of everyone's imagination?) Get real, JP. :xcensored (See, I can use that smiley too. emoticon_rolleyes )  Revisionist history by gays is still revisionist history. While AIDS can be spread through heterosexual sex, I stated that it was homosexual sex that put AIDS over the critical mass needed to perpetuate and spread. Deny that. :xcensored
So AIDS is the fault of "the gays"?emoticon_rolleyes   lol it's been a long time, JP.  Don't put words in my mouth. I said the gay community was responsible for AIDs reaching critical mass and becoming an epidemic. If you disagree, prove me wrong. :)   Long time? Do I know you? emoticon_confused
You argue from the standpoint of tradition. Much is traditional, but not necessarily good. Marriage has changed and developed. It is doing that now, with respect to couples of the same sex legally marrying in several countries.   The onus to prove should be placed on those who want to limit rights of another group, if the society values human rights, freedom, and equality.   True, and change isn't necessarily good. Marriage has not in essence changed. If a group wishes to change the concept the onus is on them to prove it should be done.
*shrugs* The Heterosexual commonity was responsible for AIDS reaching critical mass and becoming an epidemic worldwide. If you disagree, prove me wrong. :)  Guess we should all become lesbians, as they haven't contributed to the "critical mass". emoticon_rolleyes  I'll tell you what. If you believe that heterosexuals are the reason for AIDS becoming an epidemic, then I challenge you to a formal debate. Here's a proposed resolution: Resolved: The AIDS epidemic in the US reached critical mass primarily as a result of homosexual activities.  Does that work for you?
Perhaps in America yes. But America has proportionally, a drop in the bucket of infected compared to Africa, where most of the transmission is heterosexual and aids is used as weapon as infected soldiers rape women and spread the disease. And most of the infections in Asia are heterosexual as well.  It wouldn't have been an epidemic in Africa either without the spread in the homosexual/bisexual community initially. A soldier raping a woman can't give her AIDS if he isn't a carrier in the first place. This is a chicken and egg issue and we know what the egg is. It just isn't a politically-correct egg. TFB!
*Shrugs* I have no desire to get in a formal debate with someone who seems bigoted and ignorant of reality. You might look into the word "sarcasm" to explain my post. It was to point out that worldwide heterosexuals are the largest AIDS carrying group, and to point out the fallacies of your arguments. If my argument is full of fallacies, then you should be able to tear me up in a formal debate on the topic, right? Go ahead, take your best shot or is it just easier for you to call me a bigot a priori and attempt to dismiss the truth?  The whole point is that you can't "lay the blame" on any group based on their sexual orientation. The only group that can be blamed for the spread of age is either the group that does drugs (heteros, bisexuals, and homosexuals alike), or the group that does not practice safe sex (again, heteros, bisexuals, and homosexuals alike).   You can give the politically-correct party line all you like, I prefer to deal in reality with real facts. Show me that the progression of AIDS in the US spread from heteros to heteros initially and I'll apologize for my statements. But you can't because that would be a lie.  Your arguments sound frighteningly similar to those that blame african-americans for different things, or for those in Nazi Germany which blamed numerous thing on Jews (and, ironically, homosexuals).  Trying to bring red herrings into the topic to muddy the waters? Nice try. Take me up on my offer to debate, please.
I don't have the time, nor the desire, nor the patience to debate someone who claims that gays are "to blame" for the spread of AIDS, when logic shows that at least worldwide, according to your points, Heteros should be to blame. Again, you try to manipulate my words to mean something other than what I actually stated. I'm beginning to think that you are being disengenuous purposefully. Go back and read my actual statements and tell me how that relate to what you claimed. emoticon_rolleyes    Well, if you prefer to deal in reality with real facts, how about the fact that heterosexuals are the largest spreaders of AIDS worldwide? Or does your reality not include Africa and Asia?  What part of Africa and Asia are in the US? emoticon_confused :xbanghead   Wht I said has nothing to do with political-correctness. It is fact. Safe sex practices greatly reduce any risk of spreading HIV or AIDS.  The reason it DID spread is due to both drug use and unsafe sex practices, neither of which are exclusive to one sexuality.  It reached critical mass in the US through the gay community. Period. Your attempts at subterfuge not-withstanding.  It isn't a red herring to note an observation. And your statement sounds frighteningly similar to the SS Officiers at Nuremberg claiming no participation in the holocaust.  (That was just an observation, too.)emoticon_rolleyes
That's really questionable. Aids most likely came out of the African bushmeat trade where hunters would get infected from the blood of the bushmeat, go home and spread it to their lives. And let's just ignore that homosexuality was never accepted and often grounds for execution in Africa for the past 50 years. Without heretosexual transfer, African infections wouldn't even be noticable.   ....did you even read what I wrote? Infected soldiers are using AIDs as a weapon.   No, we don't know what the egg was. You're making unfounded assumptions.  I find it curious that every time someone makes the correct assertion that AIDS became an epidemic in the US through the gay community, gays and their PC apologists immediately try to deflect the argument and want to talk about Africa. I don't give a flying F@#$ about how it spread in Africa; I'm talking about the USA. Show me that my assertion is inaccurate and I will apologize, but don't join the rest of the apologists in trying to change the debate. The topic is AIDS in the US, not Africa, not Asia, not the South Pole. :xbanghead
The reason we bring up Africa is to knock down the reason you bring up the stats in the US. You didn't just come along and start a chat about the progression of AIDS in the US. You threw it out as justification for those who oppose gay rights. If you want to use it like a weapon against gays - then expect tit for tat, JP.  The topic is gay marriage IN THE USA. What part of that topic includes Africa?:xcensored :xbanghead   Please try to keep up. Statements like the above make you look flighty. emoticon_rolleyes
If you aren't claiming that gays are responsible for spreading AIDS across the US, what, pray tell, ARE you trying to say? At least two other posters here have concluded this is what you are arguing. And if you are claiming this, well, we should shun all them heteros who are responsible for spreading AIDS worldwide. emoticon_rolleyes Again with the attempt to change the topic. I'm glad that you chickened out of a formal debate on the issue. You appear unable to stay on topic. :xcensored   What part of the US is not in the world? emoticon_confused :xbanghead   What part of voting on gay marriage in the US includes Africa or any oother freaking country? emoticon_angry   No, it reached critical mass in the US through drug users and those who did not practice safe sex (heteros, gays, and bisexuals alike).  If you believe that, defend it with facts, not meritless statements pulled from the ether.  Unfortunately for you, my observations have some grounding in things you actually have said. Yours do not. emoticon_rolleyes  You've provided no facts to dispute my assertion. You chickened out of a formal debate, continue to try to paint me as a bigot and dismiss my claims without any evidence. Put up or shut up. If I'm wrong, PROVE IT!!
I love it when people do this. "You have to prove everything you say, but I'm allowed to simply make assertions and it's your job to show I'm wrong."  LOL, I'm going to bookmark this post of yours; as I've seen you yourself do that very thing, be careful because this post may come back to haunt you. emoticon_xangel   Anyway Kronos, I more agree with you and the others regarding the AIDS thing.  JP, I think you are being somewhat unreasonable here; no one is denying that gay men were the first to deal with and spread the HIV virus in the US on the whole. But they were victims--people have no business bringing this up as a point of blame. We have no idea how HIV got into USA. It seems to me a better approach is to show compassion toward AIDS victims and help them rather than play the blame game.   I wonder what will those who would use this issue against gays will turn to for ammunition when an AIDS vaccine is eventually produced?
Just to clarify one point of fact, we are in fact pretty sure that patient zero was a Canadian flight attendant.   According to Wikipedia (take that for what it's worth),  "This is considered inaccurate, as HIV had spread long before Dugas [the flight attendant] began his career. This rumor may have started with Randy Shilts' 1987 book And The Band Played On (and the movie based on it, in which Dugas is referred to as AIDS' Patient Zero), but neither the book nor the movie state him to have been the first to bring the virus to North America. He was called "Patient Zero" because at least 40 of the 248 people known to be infected by AIDS in 1983 had had sexual intercourse with him, or with someone who had sexual intercourse with him. However, four years after the publication of Shilts' article, Dr. Darrow repudiated his study, saying that its methods were flawed and claiming that Shilts had misrepresented its conclusions." Either way it seems highly implausible to me that we could ever know or narrow down for certain to a single known person as patient 0 for the U.S.
Its your LOGIC we are refuting - location is IRRELEVANT.  Location sure as hell is relevant. If I tell you that a bus hit a bunch of people in New York, why would you retort with 2 buses hit a group of people in Africa? It is an obvious attempt to deflect the focus away from the first statement, is it not?  It's not my logic that you're trying to refute, you're trying to deflect the topic away from how AIDS spread in the US. If you want to refute my statement, show me some FACTS, not wishes, opinions, feelings, or other means of subterfuge.  I'll say it again for you. AIDS reached critical mass and became an epidemic in the US primarily via the gay community.  If you don't agree, show proof to support the contrary. It shouldn't be that difficult. If I'm nothing but a gay-bashing bigot who makes wild claims, then surely you can refute my claim with facts pertaining to the topic in bold, can't you? emoticon_confused  But, if I'm actually NOT a gay-bashing bigot and have the facts to back up my claim, then you'd better continue with the subterfuge, deflection and dismissals because all you will have is fraudulent PC rhetoric.
I love it when people do this. "You have to prove everything you say, but I'm allowed to simply make assertions and it's your job to show I'm wrong."  If I make a statement and you disagree with it, the burden is on you to show that the original statement is false or why else would you disagree with it? What's so unusual about that? emoticon_confused
Then why did you say "If you believe that, defend it with facts, not meritless statements pulled from the ether."? Why does he need to back up his statement while you don't?  His response was in opposition to mine. The burden is on him to show that my original statement was in error. I have no problem backing mine up. I even offered to debate him formally so that there'd be no BS trying to change the debate.
LOL, I'm going to bookmark this post of yours; as I've seen you yourself do that very thing, be careful because this post may come back to haunt you. emoticon_xangel   Anyway Kronos, I more agree with you and the others regarding the AIDS thing.  JP, I think you are being somewhat unreasonable here; no one is denying that gay men were the first to deal with and spread the HIV virus in the US on the whole. But they were victims--people have no business bringing this up as a point of blame. We have no idea how HIV got into USA. It seems to me a better approach is to show compassion toward AIDS victims and help them rather than play the blame game.   I wonder what will those who would use this issue against gays will turn to for ammunition when an AIDS vaccine is eventually produced?  Here's what started the debate:  Originally Posted by Matthew S  These are examples of one person hurting another. You want to give an example of how you, or anyone else is hurt by gay sex?  Quote=JP Who do you think made AIDS a major health concern in the US?   Now, you show me one iota of proof that my statement was in error.
You do realize that that is not, in fact, your original assertion? This whole thing started with someone saying that being gay doesn't hurt anyone, and you responded with "Who do you think made AIDS a major health concern in the US?" If you want to come forward now and clearly state that you are abandoning that stance, please do. Until you do I for one will assume you still hold that position, and your above assertion is simply you moving the goal posts around, trying to pretend that you're just talking epidemiolgy when in fact you're trying to assign blame.  Fine, I'll stand by the exact wording of my original post.  Who do you think made AIDS a major health concern in the US?  If you have anything via proof that it's not true, bring it on. I welcome the debate. So far, all I've seen is attempts to change the debate, attack me personally or make unsubstantiated statements that don't mean ####. :xcensored
Okay, you'll get an answer to this question. First off, no one knows how AIDS actually got to the US. Secondly, as to who made AIDS a major health concern, they would be people who didn't clean their needles and such while doing drugs, and people who did not practice safe sex, as well those giving blood transfusions before it was known that HIV/AIDS could be spread through blood. No more, no less.  Do you have something of substance to back your claim or are you going to stick with your opinion only?emoticon_confused
And syphilis came from heteros having sex with sheep. Syphilis can be just as deadly and spread easier by hetero sex but what is your point.  More attempts to deflect the debate, NEXT!!!
Well for that, we'll have to quote one of your recent posts:   emoticon_xangel  I'm still waiting for anything of content to stream from your keyboard. I guess I'll just grow old waiting for a pearl of wisdom to flow from your fingers. emoticon_rolleyes
Rights in the U.S. are determined by which group brought an influx of disease? It's curious, if this is so, to see rights for white people. Whites brought into the U.S. many diseases such as smallpox, which killed enormously large populations of natives.  Read the context of the statement for some background instead of just jumping in at the tail end. Matthew asked a question, I answered it, truthfully, but it wasn't the standard PC answer so I was attacked and called a bigot instead of anyone providing one iota of fact that I was wrong.
Here you go: emoticon_rolleyes  So the best you can do for an intelligent statement is quote me? I'm flattered. emoticon_rolleyes   Now, when do you want the debate to start or are you still afraid?
The debate will start once you personally own up to your own requirements of others. Until then, I will continue to note the hypocrisy in you expecting others to defend something when you yourself are unwilling to do the same with your statement. Once you follow your "bizarro" rules (as Kronus so eloquently put it:) ), then you will get a debate.  Irf you accept my challenge, I guarantee you that I'll prove my assertion in the debate. Is that good enough for you?
Well, if we were going to use your bizarro rules, you were responding to Matthew, therefore you are the one who needs to be backing up your statement. He said gays hurt no one, you need to prove he's wrong. According to your rules, that is.  However, I'll pick apart your claim anyway. Basically, it makes no logical sense. All you do is point to two events and claim causality. There's an AIDS epidemic. Gays got AIDS first. Therefore... You don't have anything connecting the two, you show no causality or demonstrate any connection, therefore your argument is logically incomplete, therefore wrong.  Further, if you look at infection rates, you'll see that gays and straights are getting infected at the same rate, relative to initial infection pool sizes. If there were any truth to your vaugely worded assertion that wouldn't be true. It would be nice if you actually stated your assertion, rather than couching it in terms of a rhetorical question, but whatever exactly you're implying is given the lie by the fact that straights can catch AIDS just as easily as gays.  The only reason that there's any ambiguity here is because Matthew, JakeCJB, Shadow, you and maybe others, attempted to reframe the debate. I was clear in my initial statement. It was an accurate response to the question in rhetorical form. I'm sure that you were bright enough to figure that out, but, I again, stated it in a less "jepoardy-esque" way and it was still spun into something else. To refresh your memory  Originally Posted by Matthew S  These are examples of one person hurting another. You want to give an example of how you, or anyone else is hurt by gay sex?  To which, I replied:  Who do you think made AIDS a major health concern in the US? Now, for those that think it was a vaguely worded assertion, I followed with a clarification:  Bull@#$%! If patient Zero was straight, there's a possibility that patent 1 wouldn't have existed. HIV doesn't spread easily through straight sex. It achieved critical mass in the gay community, entered the blood supply and was further spread by junkies and bisexuals. To claim otherwise is to fly in the face of the facts.  And from there, the spindoctors went off on an African safari.  Notice, nowhere did I claim that HIV can't be transmitted via hetero sex, although several posters tried to spin my statement into such a claim. I said that had Patient zero been straight, there's a possibility that Patient 1 wouldn't have existed. We know that it's more difficult to transmit sex via straight sex, so there's nothing wrong with posing the 'what if' scenario. I'm sure that gays don't like thinking that they are the reason that AIDS has reached such a level in the US, but that doesn't change the basic facts. I, also, mentioned the other avenues that HIV spread in the US, but they trailed the spread in the gay community.   And your assertion, in bold above, is inaccurate. Straights can't catch AIDS just as easily as gays. Transmission vaginally is less likely to result because there is less risk of blood/blood contact, for one thing and most straights aren't heavy into the Hershey Highway. The common risk areas are blood transfusions and dirty needles, which were/are(?) lower on the statistical ladder for spreading HIV.
It's good to see all of the apologists coming out of the woodwork to argue against someone else's strawman argument. I've yet to see one person argue that AIDS wasn't initially spread in the US primarily by gays. Let's focus on what I really said, not what you would have liked me to have said. :xbanghead
It initially spread mostly among lower-income people too.   The word "too" means "also" or "in addition to" so you agree that gays were responsible for spreading HIV initially. Thanks for the support.   You responded by saying gays brought harm to the U.S., and that is a generalization as I argued. Gays are a group of individuals who live in many different ways. You are talking about an identifying label, not about activities. HIV is spread in this case not because of gays, but because of unsafe sexual practices such as not using condoms. Unsafe sex practiced by promiscuous homosexuals which were prevalent in the gay communities of large cities and created the initial spread of HIV. I can refine the statement any way you'd like but my basic statement still remains factual.
  Yes you are right gay people were the first victims of the plague and yes gay people were the first to spread it within the US Is that the pat on the back you want? It was also spread initially by blood transfusions.  No, what I want is an apology for being called a bigot for stating a fact!!!!  Do you then agree with Paul Cameron? "At the 1985 Conservative Political Action Conference, Cameron announced to the attendees, 'Unless we get medically lucky, in three or four years, one of the options discussed will be the extermination of homosexuals.' According to an interview with former Surgeon General C. Everett Koop, Cameron was recommending the extermination option as early as 1983." - Mark E. Pietrzyk, News-Telegraph, March 10, 1995.  Of course not, but that doesn't change the fact that I am angry that its here and consumes many good people and lots of resources that could be better spent curing cancer and other diseases, all because of the promiscuity of a small minority of the population.:xcensored
Jake, while I don't agree with JP that this should be an issue of blame, with all due respect, your point here is a bit disingenuous--smallpox isn't easily spread by engaging in a given behavior as HIV is--HIV is a sexually transmitted disease.  What is it that you disagree with? My statement of fact? Or the fact that I made a politically incorrect assertion? emoticon_confused   With that said, I've grown tired of seeing the AIDS thing used as an argument against gays. People are going to make their choices however that turns out. We should be looking and people with HIV as victims rather than 'those at fault'. What's done is done, it's time for compassion.  IMO, the AIDS ship has already sailed. I know that its spread wasn't intentional. But that doesn't change the fact that it was spread and that it is a major world-wide epidemic killing millions every year unnecessarily. I would feel the same way if some bird traders brought birds into the US that cause an epidemic of avian flu.
So the lives of gay people are less important?  Still throwing out strawmen, Matthew? Show me where I EVER claimed that the lives of gays were less important.
Smallpox and other diseases spread more easily because of white people's behaviour of living very closely together, in places like cities. Natives were more sparsely populated, so before whites came to the U.S., they didn't have these problems.  Now come on. You're being a bit silly here--STDs are a direct result of unprotected (and sometimes protected) sex. We're taking about sexually transmitted disease. These analogies you're using are a stretch. Frankly, that sort of attitude of viewing HIV as just like any other disease is part of the problem in society because your attitude doesn't take it seriously enough in that you aren't open to the necessity of changing behavior that helps it to spread. (And that applies for anyone--gays OR straights.)  Poultry farming is a behaviour that can transmit avian flu. Yes, sex as well, can transmit disease, like many other things in life.  When there's an outbreak, the farmers don't handle the birds--in fact they even kill the the birds. Sometimes change in behavior is necessary to help in an outbreak. So avian bird flu is a poor analogy, IMO.
This is a ridiculous statement. Both gay and straight people catch HIV. Babies are even born with it. Would you be less angry if heterosexuals caught it first and a larger group were to "blame"? When you come into a topic late, all you do is rehash old issues. we've already torched the strawman arguments pages ago. emoticon_rolleyes   You mention cancer. How many people are responsible for their own cancer due to lifestyle choices? Maybe I should be angry that people and resources are being spent on that?  Its human health issue. Period.  I certainly have less sympathy for people that acquire diseases as a result of a known dangerous lifestyle, for example, smokers with lung cancer. And yes, I would rather see our resources be used to cure other diseases.
Right here    You have implied that those that the lives of those who catch and spread hiv, largely gay men in the US, are not as important and worth curing as those with cancer and other diseases.  That's an inaccurate interpretation of what I wrote. I said that, had we not had all of this HIV in the US, our medical resources could have been doing something else, like finding a cure for cancer. That's a far cry from saying that now that we have AIDS, we should forget those infected and research something else.
 There are also many ways to change behaviour to help prevent HIV. People are not going to totally give up sex, which you suggested they do a while ago on another thread, and the poultry farmer isn't going to totally give up poultry farming, or even touching poultry. These are parts of life. In living, you accept some amount of risk.  Many people stopped smoking when they learned about the risks, so not everyone just accepts all risk.
It is a disease, and I do take it as seriously as I would take any other disease.  If you're only taking it as seriously as any other disease, you aren't taking it seriously enough. HIV is one of the worst diseases on the planet right now.  There are also many ways to change behaviour to help prevent HIV. People are not going to totally give up sex  The only one here talking about "totally giving up sex" is you. There aren't even enough people out there giving up unsafe sex, much less giving up promiscuity and trying to live a monogamous life. But let me guess ... you don't think that's important either. emoticon_rolleyes
Yes, HIV is very serious and dangerous no matter what your sexuality. That is why I, and most everyone else here (I think you would agree as well) see no point in pointing fingers and trying to blame victims of this disease. It not only promotes fear and discrimination, it subtracts from efforts to try to actually help out those suffering from HIV/AIDS.  Yes, everything would be much better if both safe sex (condoms, etc.) and non-promiscuity were practiced.   Absolutely; I do agree that it should not be a point of blame toward any on e group--it just bugs me when people seem to want to entertain any solution other than avoiding promiscuity. I have yet to see Jake even go there. I'm glad to see you willing to indicate that promiscuity needs to be avoided.
http://www.4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=254791&postcount=164  Going back further, I could find other posts. I have always indicated that monogamy and limiting partners was one way to reduce risk. It's better than having unprotected sex with multiple partners. One must have had a long-term comitment and be able to trust the other partner, otherwise a condom should be used also in that situation.  It's not necessarily promiscuity(a subjective term) itself that's the problem, if condoms are used. All it takes is contact with ONE infected person.  If you only have one partner, you can never spread HIV sexually beyond him/her unless they aren't monogomous as well. As for condom use, it's especially important for MSMs to use them regardless of the risk for HIV. There are other STDs that affect MSMs more than heteros.
You are saying a person has one partner for a lifetime, and never breaks up and finds someone else? Yes, if everyone did this, the disease would never spread sexually beyond one couple. How realistic is that situation? It's been working fine for me for over 30 years now. emoticon_xgood   We are now far off topic. It always goes that way in a gay rights debate, as the opposition has no logical argument. Although it was an interesting discussion on HIV/AIDS.  I'll just say that abstaining from sex is the only 100% guarantee here, when it comes to sexual transmission. I think people need both knowledge and self-esteem to be able to decide what level of risk is acceptable and to negotiate that with a partner. Pointing fingers and denying gay people rights is not a good way to go forward.  And redefining the term marriage against the wishes of a clear majority of Americans isn't either.
I sometimes wonder what your reaction and responses would be if the majority supported gay marriage?  My reaction would be "surprise". My response would be "the people have spoken"..................then I'd go out and beat up a few gays until I felt better. J/K. I'm a strong believer in representative democracy. emoticon_xgood
Possibly, but changing marriage to allow such between couples of the same sex is going against the custom and usage of societies throughout the ages. An Interracial ban was only an aberration in a couple of societies and that recently.
Some how I do not believe you.  Personally, I don't give a rat's rectum what you believe. :)
http://www.infopt.demon.co.uk/marriage.htm  This site shows a large range of historical instances of gay marriage. Romans did it, so did celts, greeks  http://www.generationq.net/articles/What-Your-Dreams-Make-You-00001.html?PHPSESSID=7da81c4f14319bb2b63401cacd56d303  This one focuses on marriage in american-indian tribes, and how the homosexuals were actually greatly valued as healers and prophets.  Just take a look at the Old Testament to find marriages between one man and many women. Polygamy is also present in African and Islamic culture too.  And in some tribes in Nigeria, there is a culture of polyandry (one woman, many men).  So marriage is not some one man, one woman thing that has been adhered to since time began. As an 'ideal', it's far more recent that you might think.  Smiley   Marriage has always been about different genders. I made no mention of solely one to one.  If you look closely at history you will find that marriage (a couple of Bhuddist sects apart) has always been between opposite genders. There have been cultures where homosexual relationships have existed for short periods and often for specific cultural purposes but marriage per se has been between opposite genders.
Evidently you didn't read the links I gave you.      To put it another way, there are many many examples of gay marriage throughout history. This idea that it is new and abnormal is ridiculous.  Smiley   I clearly did, I suspect you may have but didn't understand.  None of those unions were accepted to be marriage but unions for a particular purpose. Marriage took place later between man and woman.  Your concept is new.
Argument from Tradition is a logical fallacy. Many heinous things (slavery, e.g.) were "the custom" for hundreds of years; that didn't mean they were good and shouldn't have been changed.  You have to show what the concrete, real-world, negative consequences of changing that tradition would be.  Just saying "It's not done, old man" doesn't cut it.  Quite agree on first para.  Second one, no. Those who want the change must show the benefits to be gained to the whole of the Society if such a change takes place.
Clearly gay marriage may help gays.  It might well be anathema and a horrendous idea contrary to what they believe marriage should be for the rest of the world.
And....?  Yes, there is prejudice. Yes, gays give some people the heebee-jeebees. Yes, some people can't stand the idea of sharing "their" institution with gays. How do any of these facts represent a reason to prevent gays from getting married? If something will help one group, hurt no one, but cause some people to get upset 'cause they just don't like the idea, then you still do that thing. The group that's willing to let others suffer because they don't like the idea of something changing can just get over it, they should not be catered to.  Exactly what do you mean when you use the word 'hurt'?  In my view it can take many forms including mental anguish.  It isn't merely a case of 'not liking the idea', it is because people believe it is fundamentally wrong. If the institution of marriage requires people of opposite genders to be parties and that institution is part and parcel of society and society as a whole believes that that is what is meant by marriage then you have a job on your hands.  You can of course put it to a vote or referendum.  Of course, never forgetting that everyone else has equal and similar rights to yourself.
 If they just believe that it's fundamentally wrong then I'll put that in the same bin as believing the world is flat. Believe what you like, but don't expect me to cater to that belief.   The arrogance in assuming other peoples' sincerely held beliefs are irrelevant or don't matter is breathtaking.  You believe that gays should be allowed to marry why should some-one not be equally fervent that they should not.  If others have to cater to your beliefs then you are expected to cater to their's.
Who cares how it has allways been. Samesex marriage is happening, going to happen so the sooner everone accepts that fact the easier it will be.  It doesn't appear to have picked up any steam in the US. Every state that had it on its ballot overwhelmingly banned it in 2004.
Here's a black fly for your chardonnay:  Suppose it is demonstrated that homosexuals have suffered harm as a result of denial of marriage.  Suppose that homosexual unions are granted.   Would there be a case for reparations?
[QUOTE=gaetano;255273]The arrogance in assuming other peoples' sincerely held beliefs are irrelevant or don't matter is breathtaking.     Gaetano: I find the arrogance more breathtaking when people with sincerely held beliefs assume that they can limit and/or regulate the lives of other people. Those with sincerely held beliefs that blacks did not deserve equal rights still exist today. The difference now is those sincerely held beliefs cannot represent themselves in the form of discriminitory law.     Peteratwar: You believe that gays should be allowed to marry why should some-one not be equally fervent that they should not.     Gaetano: When their fervor is born of hatred, fear, and or religious beliefs, such fervor has no place in law.    Peteratwar: If others have to cater to your beliefs then you are expected to cater to their's.    Gaetano: I think you have that backwards. Gay people are not fighting to prohibit straight people from being married. Straight people believe they can and should be able to marry and so do we. Most of us have been in weddings, to weddings, organized or catered weddings,etc. We like them, we support them, and we want the same thing for ourselves. Since when is allowing law abiding, tax paying, fellow citizens the right to partake in a public institution considered "catering?"   As you say, marriage is a public institution and like all institutions has its rules and requirements.  If you want to change those rules and requirements then by all means lobby to do so. You are entitled to do so. Equally people who do not wish to change the rules and regulations are entitled to lobby to keep the status quo.  You only BELIEVE gays have the right to marriage. Other people BELIEVE they do not. Ask for a vote on it and abide by the majority decision.
Isn't cruel and unjust to decide that someone else should not have what you enjoy? How would you feel if the world was the other way around. How would you feel if the world were gay and you as a heterosexual were being told you couldn't marry the person you loved because it was against someone elses, that you didn't know or have never met, religious beliefs or that they have some sort of ikk factor? Can you not put youself in the place of gay people and ask yourself how would I feel? Do you have any empathy?  In answer to your first question as it stands, No, it happens all the time.  If society had set up the institution of marriage as a gay one since OG was in his cave then I would certainly try and lobby otherwise if I disagreed.  If the lobbying failed and the rest of Society said we keep things the way we want them however sorry they may feel, then I would clearly have to abide by that, although lobbying would continue.  However castigating people because of their beliefs or stating they shouldn't have them, must be wrong. Otherwise I could claim that you are not entitled to your beliefs which clearly you are
That is not what I asked you. Do you really lack any empathy? I didn't ask you what you would do I asked you how you would feel. Let's try again How would you feel if the world was the other way around? How would you feel if the world were gay and you as a heterosexual were being told you couldn't marry the person you loved because it was against someone elses, that you didn't know or have never met, religious beliefs or that they have some sort of ikk factor? Can you not put youself in the place of gay people and ask yourself how would I feel? Do you have any empathy?  For the record I do not believe I have the right to tell anyone who they should be allowed to marry but many of those that are anti same sex marriage think that they have a right to tell people who they should be allowed to marry.  Just because something happens all the time does not mean it is not cruel and unjust.  First of all it is not against "someone else's beliefs" in that incredibly simplistic way. It is against the beliefs of society since the year dot, religious beliefs or 'ikk' factor whatever that is are irrelevant even if they contribute to some people's attitudes.  Second yes I would probably feel sad if I wasn't allowed to marry the person I was with BUT I would be with the person I love in any event.  Thirdly, as marriage is looked on as a public institution then Society as a whole is entitled to lay down the rules relating to it just as Society lays down the rules and laws by which we live.  Cruelty and injustice occur when you are stopped from doing something you are entitled to do. Gay marriage at present is not something you are entitled to it would seem. Have to say in the UK we have made some steps towards that.
I really think you can not put yourself in someone elses place.    So you believe that "Cruelty and injustice occur when you are stopped from doing something you are entitled to do."? Is this correct?  So if I use your belief on another topic, say slavery, you then would conclude that slavery was neither cruel nore injust 1 since it was a legal and traditional activity practiced since OG was in the cave 2 slaves should not think it was cruel and unjust because they had no legal rights and standing and thus was not cruel and unjust since they were slaves.   My point is just because something is the law or not the law does not make it any less cruel or unjust when viewed from a certain perspective.  Firstly I am not even going to put slavery on the same level as gay marriage. I frankly do not believe that the alleged suffering gays not being allowed to marry comes in any way close to the suffering of slaves.  Secondly you are of course perfectly correct about cruelty and injustice (neither or certainly the first one do I think apply to gay marriage) and the way forward was to lobby etc as Wilberforce did to abolish slave trade.   We can only advance in civilisation (I hope) but lobbying publicity etc can help people's awareness in bring matters before their eyes to decide on. There will always be minorities of dissenters (strange world if none) but in the last analysis Society determines how it is run.  You talk about the tyranny of the majority but of course the reverse can also be true.
 So if I use your belief on another topic, say slavery, you then would conclude that slavery was neither cruel nore injust 1 since it was a legal and traditional activity practiced since OG was in the cave 2 slaves should not think it was cruel and unjust because they had no legal rights and standing and thus was not cruel and unjust since they were slaves.   My point is just because something is the law or not the law does not make it any less cruel or unjust when viewed from a certain perspective.  Ah yes... I was wondering when Dred Scott would make his guest appearance. The horror of an entire race of people held in bondage simply does not equate to two individuals renaming a civil union to suit their purposes.   Your claim basically is that since folks were once legally held as slaves, laws must necessarily be irrelevant.  I believe your case is rather more like that of the 20 year old adult claiming the right to legally purchase alcohol based on the fact that prohibition was once a law.
I've noticed that when people put forth lucid, well reasoned arguments in favor of gay marriage, you have a tendancy to punt. Rather than addressing the arguments presented, you often say "Public opinion, let's vote!" How about no. How about you defend your position right here on this forum, and address the points presented to you? That is why we're all here, right?   Haven't seen one yet other than the dubious one of claiming it is a right and I am harmed if I can't marry
That's interesting!! You made the point about marriage having been an opposite sex institution before. I gave many examples of societies where same sex marriage was commonplace. You then said that they weren't really marriage because marriage was something new.  No I didn't. They weren't marriages as marriage was deemed to be something different    Now you're saying that same sex marriage has been against society's beliefs since the year dot.  So is marriage a new thing that is only a male-female thing, or is marriage something that has been around since the year dot (and would include those examples that I gave - American Indian berdaches, gay marriage within early Roman society etc)? I assume early Roman society falls within the year-dot-till-now period. Smiley   Same sex marriage has never been commonplace. There are a couple of Bhuddist sects who allow it. It was definitely frowned on in Roman Times. The Greeks had homosexual liaisons, some from desire, some for a form of mentoring reasons. They were never marriages and never assumed to be so by those Societies. Those Greek Roman Chinese and any other Society accepted certain homosexual liaisons but marriage was something else. It was between people of opposite genders and that is not new it was how it was originally
I am willing to grant for the sake of argument that all societies before the year 2006 condoned, permitted, encouraged, celebrated, and otherwise accepted homosexual union. I will grant ye these things because they are entirely irrelevant to the discussion of our society in 2007. One could just as easily argue that England once burned heretics; therefore, we should not speak English. The whole argument that X did something therefore Y should be able to do something is not supportable by logic, but it is a tried and true doctrine of American politics. "Clinton did X, therefore Bush doing Y is appropriate" and vice versa. How do ye cut through the nit-wittery?  The question is what benefits OUR society. Laws are made, indeed, all economics and societal interactions are governed by one premise: "what is best for the society and individual." Our society assigns a value to the heterosexual union. Indeed, the monogamous heterosexual union is regarded as conditio sine qua non by our society whereas homosexual union does not represent an essential element to society. This value equation is made by our society regardless of what another society or civilization current or ancient valued. That is the bottom line. As Matthew and others have stated, societal values have and are changing. Perhaps someday society will see a value in homosexual unions. That value may perchance simply be recognition of harm suffered by those couples denied homosexual marriage. There is presently no awareness of significant harm done and society thus sees no value in change, ergo, the status quo.   If ye would effect that change, ye must demonstrate 1: the harm, 2: the benefit. It is not sufficient to launch threats and blanket statements about tolerance, nor is it advisable to denigrate the beliefs of those whom ye seek to persuade.
In point of fact, supports of gay marriage often address the issues of harm and benefit. It's the opponents of gay marriage that tend to pipe up with "But marriage has always been one man and one woman.", as if it were an important point.  It is, that is what it has been since time immemorial. If you want a change then convince.
In point of fact, supports of gay marriage often address the issues of harm and benefit. It's the opponents of gay marriage that tend to pipe up with "But marriage has always been one man and one woman.", as if it were an important point.  If this is indeed the case, their arguments have heretofore not been terribly persuasive. There is nothing illogical in arguing for the status quo. You must demonstrate the cost/benefits analysis FOR change. You do not have the same burden on the status quo because the status quo has a defacto positive benefit, else wise, it would not be the status quo n'est-ce pas?
Hardly irrelevant. If an institution has existed for this length of time then there must be an assumption that it is worthwhile.  If you can show that it is not and that you can show a change should be made then please go ahead.
E Mutz, see what I mean? :)  Peteratwar, there are two issues here. Should we change, and if so how. Your "time immemorial" is only relevent to the how, in that it indicates how much inertia needs to be overcome. It's utterly irrelevant to the issue of is change necessary, which is largely what I've been discussing in this thread. If all someone is trying to show is that change is needed, then bringing up ancient history is nothing more than a diversion. If you're trying to show that something is wrong and needs changing then it doesn't matter if it's been wrong for 2 weeks or 2 thousand years.  If I may squeeze in between the two of ye: On the one hand, the idea of change should be evaluated on its merit. On the other hand, in determining the value of the idea, one must consider why or why not it has not heretofore been implemented. Societal sloth; therefore is a factor in the decision, but certainly not the decision itself.   Before 1969, no one had gone to the moon...
Given that the status quo once included slavery, witch burning, disenfranchisment of women, etc I'd say your assertion that the status quo is defacto positive is a bit weak. However, here's a simplfied cost/benefit analysis for gay marriage for you. This has all been presented before, so this is more like an outline. Let me know which bits you need to have filled in, if any.  Allowing gays to marry would give them numerous, obvious benefits. It would hurt no one. That in and of itself should be enough. It would also benefit society in general in that a just society is a stronger society, while a society that condones prejudice is a weak society. Any chance for social progress and growth should be taken, since progress is good. (note I said progress, not change)  This does not weaken my argument, rather it strengthens it. In all the above cases, the status quo was over ridden by the cost/benefit analysis. That the present argument for homosexual unions has not overcome the status quo is testament to the rejection of the notion rather than the weakness of the present condition.  Presently, all those benefits may be derived through civil union, wills, estate plans, etc. Simply calling the union a marriage will not provide the panacea ye seek. If ye think heterosexual unions are bulletproof, witness the sad case of Anna Nicole Smith.   Society presently does not recognize the harm ye describe given that the harm is largely self imposed by those who reject the civil union/legal construct route.
You might want to do a bit of research on that one.  I did. It averaged around 3:1 against. http://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/2006-10-12-gay-marriage_x.htm  You can add South Carolina to the list as of yesterday, I believe.
No. If you have a sincerely held belief that same sex marriage is wrong, then YOU don't need to marry a boy. You can certainly believe that as fervently as you like. No one is asking you to "cater" to anything.  No, but you are asking him to vote AGAINST his "sincerely held belief", aren't you? emoticon_rolleyes
ABSOLUTLY and Marlene Elwell is the first one I am suing  Good luck suing somebody for exercising their constitutional rights. emoticon_xgood
http://search.nizkor.org/features/fallacies/appeal-to-tradition.html  The bans may be based on tradition, but they're laws now.
Do you realize that that makes no logical sense? I pointed out concrete examples of when the status quo was bad. Yes, those cases have been weeded out. Are you trying to state that everything bad in the status quo has already been eliminated? Because unless that's your thesis your conclusion simply doesn't follow.    Incorrect, on a couple of fronts. First, official recognition that gay couples are just as good as straight couples will provide social and psychological benefits that can't be gained via a trip to the lawyer. And secondly, and more relevantly to your point, many of the legal benefits are only available to officially married couples. Gay couples can't get federal tax benefits, families have prevented long time lovers from visting their loved ones in the hospital, etc etc. And of course, there's the fairness issue. Straights get all those benefits handed to them in a basket. Gays have to spend hundreds or thousands of dollars preparing all the documents to insure the same benefits, and even then they often need to fight to have the benefits recognized.   Again, wrong on a couple of fronts. Check out the last round of state ballot measures. Many of them banned any sort of recognition of gay relationships, civil unions included. They specifically state that gays can't have any benefits that resemble marriage. That's not failure to recongnize harm, that's recognizing harm and saying you want it that way.  Now you see what happens when "in your face" gay activists p#$$ off the masses.
Kronus,  Well argued indeed. My compliments. If I may continue to respectfully disagree:  Do you realize that that makes no logical sense? I pointed out concrete examples of when the status quo was bad. Yes, those cases have been weeded out. Are you trying to state that everything bad in the status quo has already been eliminated? Because unless that's your thesis your conclusion simply doesn't follow.   You can point to times the status quo was bad, I can point to times when the status quo was (is) good. Where is the relevance? I concede that my argument gives the impression that I was arguing "The status quo is always good, except when it's bad, but then it is changed and becomes good again." That was not my intent. My point was rather that the status quo requires critical mass to change. That critical mass has not yet been achieved. Pundits on both sides argue that because of X in the past, Y in the present should happen. My point was that this is irrelevant and that the point must be decided on its own merit.  Incorrect, on a couple of fronts. First, official recognition that gay couples are just as good as straight couples will provide social and psychological benefits that can't be gained via a trip to the lawyer. And secondly, and more relevantly to your point, many of the legal benefits are only available to officially married couples. Gay couples can't get federal tax benefits, families have prevented long time lovers from visting their loved ones in the hospital, etc etc. And of course, there's the fairness issue. Straights get all those benefits handed to them in a basket.   The gubment is not responsible for your psychological fulfillment. Further, tax benefits doth not an argument make. The blind currently receive generous tax deductions on account of their lack of vision. This does not argue effectively for blindness. The tax incentive is a case of quid pro quo, whereby society expects to receive a benefit from that heterosexual union. This benefit is presently not ascribed to the homosexual union by society. Folks currently receive a tax credit of $1,000 per child. This doth not constitute discrimination against the single, or the childless.    Originally Posted by JPSartre12  Now you see what happens when "in your face" gay activists p#$$ off the masses.   This is like blaming the woman who got beat by her husband for the beating because she did something to make him angry.  No it is rather like the employee who acts up at work then expects a raise. There is a grain of truth here. The homosexual movement, like all movements is defined by its fringe. Where there are those who logically and passionately argue for homosexual rights, their efforts are largely trumped by those on the fringe. The fringe element, exemplified by those nuts who insist on busting up St. Patrick's Day parades, get far more press than the reasoned thoughtful arguments made by some on this forum. Joe Blue Collar flips on the news, sees a homosexual demonstration at a St. Patrick's day parade and he knows everything he needs to know about the movement. Homosexual gains in some states resulted in a pendulum swing in the opposite direction in others. Cause and effect.
I think the government can consider the purely social benefits of legislation, as it affects a group of people in all aspects of their lives.  That is precisely how the Gubment has adjudged the marriage question and found the homosexual argument wanting.  Quote: Originally Posted by E Mutz  No it is rather like the employee who acts up at work then expects a raise. There is a grain of truth here. The homosexual movement, like all movements is defined by its fringe. Where there are those who logically and passionately argue for homosexual rights, their efforts are largely trumped by those on the fringe. The fringe element, exemplified by those nuts who insist on busting up St. Patrick's Day parades, get far more press than the reasoned thoughtful arguments made by some on this forum. Joe Blue Collar flips on the news, sees a homosexual demonstration at a St. Patrick's day parade and he knows everything he needs to know about the movement. Homosexual gains in some states resulted in a pendulum swing in the opposite direction in others. Cause and effect.    Why is it "nuts" that gays or other rights movements demand equal civil and human rights in every circumstance? If Joe is simply prejudiced towards gays, then anytime he sees gays wanting respect, inclusion, non-discrimination, rights, he will be offended.  Nope try again. Read the paragraph a little slower this time. Have a fourth grader help ye if necessary. Had ye the capacity for abstract thought ye would have noted where I not once but twice complimented the majority of homosexuals. Note that it is the fringe element that I am describing as nuts, not those eloquent proponents who have held up their side of the debate with passion and civility. My point is that mayhap Joe, is not wild about the over the top displays on St. Patrick's Day. He is no more a bigot for decrying the hijacking of his heritage than you are for disagreeing with me. The fringe element has the same braking power on the homosexual lobby as the fringe right-wing element has on the conservative movement. Natrually, this is straying rather far away from the central topic, but no matter. The farther away from the topic I can lead ye, the more distracted your efforts become.   Disagreement does not equal bigotry. If it did, ye would be as much a bigot as I.
This is like blaming the woman who got beat by her husband for the beating because she did something to make him angry.   They did not band civil unions too because the gays dared fight for equality - they did it out of prejudice and hate - pure and simple.  I disagree. Gay activists have been trying to ram gay marriage through the back door for years by targetting sympathetic activist judges. Without such actions, there wouldn't have been a large backlash against gay marriage and they probably would have been granted civil unions. The American public will only be bullied so long before crying enough. In 2004, they cried ENOUGH!
The message here is to stay in your appointed lowly place and ask for less, or else we will give you less. It's purely tyrannical.  As one of the statistically wealthiest segments of the population, that argument won't fly with me. I know better. emoticon_rolleyes
How is it wanting?  Consider: Baker v. Nelson, 191 N.W.2d 185 (Minn. 1971) (upholding a Minnesota law defining marriage)  Jones v. Hallahan, 501 S.W.2d 588 (Ky. 1973) (upholding a Kentucky law defining marriage)  Jennings v. Jennings, 315 A.2d 816, 820 n.7 (Md. Ct. App. 1974) ("marriage is between only one man and one woman.")  Singer v. Hara, 522 P.2d 1187 (Wash. App. 1974)  Adams v. Howerton, 673 F.2d 1036 (9th Cir. 1982), cert. denied, 458 U.S. 1111 (affirming that same-sex marriage does not make one a "spouse" under the Immigration and Nationality Act)  De Santo v. Barnsley, 476 A.2d 952 (Pa. Super. Ct. 1984)  In re Estate of Cooper, 564 N.Y.S.2d 684 (N.Y. Fam. Ct. 1990)  Dean v. District of Columbia, 653 A.2d 307 (D.C. 1995)  In re Estate of Hall, 707 N.E.2d 201, 206 (Ill. App. Ct. 1998) (no same sex marriage will be recognized; petitioner claiming existing same-sex marriage was not in a marriage recognized by law)  Baker v. State, 170 Vt. 194; 744 A.2d 864 (Vt. 1999) (Common Benefits Clause of the state constitution requires that same-sex couples be granted the same legal rights as married persons)  Rosengarten v. Downes, 806 A.2d 1066 (Conn. 2002) (state will not recognize Vermont civil union)  Burns v. Burns, 560 S.E.2d 47 (Ga. Ct. App. 2002) (recognizing marriage as between one man and one woman)  Frandsen v. County of Brevard, 828 So. 2d 386 (Fla. 2002) (State constitution will not be construed to recognize same-sex marriage; sex classifications not subject to strict scrutiny under Florida constitution)  In re Estate of Gardiner, 42 P.3d 120 (Kan. 2002) (a post-op male-to-female transgendered person may not marry a male, because this person is still a male in the eyes of the law, and marriage in Kansas is recognized only between a man and a woman)  Standhardt v. Superior Court ex rel. County of Maricopa, 77 P.3d 451 (Ariz. Ct. App. 2003) (no state constitution right to same-sex marriage)  Morrison v. Sadler, 2003 WL 23119998 (Ind. Super. Ct. 2003) (Indiana's Defense of Marriage Act is found valid)  Lewis v. Harris (New Jersey Supreme Court, 2006) (New Jersey is required to extend all rights and responsibilities of marriage to same-sex couples, but prohibiting same-sex marriage does not violate the state constitution; legislature has 180 days from October 25, 2006 to amend the marriage laws or create a "parallel structure.")  Andersen v. King County (Washington Supreme Court, 2006) (Washington's Defense of Marriage Act does not violate the state constitution)    A partial list of how your argument is wanting. Go ahead and recycle the arguments re: slavery, Dred Scott, etc. These things have a way of being cyclical.  It is not nuts at all to decry discrimination in any form. This needn't take the form of an eloqently written letter to be worthy of consideration on the same essential point of thought. There are many ways to protest. "Hijacking of heritage" as you put it, seems to be an extreme comment in itself. This is not necessarily hijacking heritage, or extreme, it is fighting discrimination; and imagine, "ye" would accuse me of not understanding abstract thought! If Joe has no rational reason for wanting the discrimination, and ye\ou gave none for him, Joe is a bigot.  Once again ye seem to read as randomly as a moth skittering about an open flame. Unfortunately, I stand by my previous diagnosis re: your thought capacity as demonstrated by your latest attempt at riposte.   I gave a specific case of homosexuals display in a St. Patrick's Day parade as hikacking of heritage. I in no way intimated that the homosexual lifestyle was hijacking heritage. Indeed, I wonder sir if your inattention to detail is beyond your capacity to control or a clever strategy to obfuscate and control the rhetorical initiative. Nevertheless it is always prudent to suspect your opponent to be stronger, so I will regard ye as a mere dissembler.  Apply your abilities to this question: If, ye decry discrimination in any form, would ye fight to abolish a law that levies sentences for capital crime based upon the victim?   Oh, by all means, keep calling Joe a bigot. Ye are not going to effect change by attacking those whom ye would persuade. As ye have stated, there are many ways to protest. I am merely suggesting that ye should consider the ill effects of some of the tactics heretofore used. I have been called bigot enough to recognize the hidden meaning of the word: "I disagree with ye, but I can't disprove ye." I find it curious that those who seek acceptance are so quick to hurl invective.
You know I have had enough of this :xcensored . If it weren't for the evil, vile, nasty, bigoted, anti gay, :xcensored , who call themselves christian none of the marriage amendments would be on the ballot. I am through with the lot of them.  :xcensored emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill  In 1996, Bill Clinton signed into law the Definition of Marriage Act. Many people believed that this would stop the push by the gay community to redefine marriage. They were wrong. Gays found sympathetic public officials and pushed their luck, getting marriage licenses and holding marreiage ceremonies in defiance of the laws. As a result, many states felt that a state constitutional amendment was what would be needed to prevent activist judges and politicians from ignoring the will of the people. So, now you have a multitude of states that not only ban gay marriage but civil unions as well. And here in MI, as I'm sure you're well aware, gay civil servant couples have even lost their "partner" benefits.  The moral of the story. Mess with the bull: get the horns.
Nah, mess with the bull: get more bull$hit from the anti-gay bigots that want to deny them the same priveledges as heteros.  You only get Bullshi$ if you insist on addressing the wrong end of the subject. :)
When addressing bigots, it don't matter which end you're talking to - both produce the same substance (both ends tend to look similar as well). :)  Make that mistake with a real bull and you won't make it twice. emoticon_wow
Oh, by all means, keep calling Joe a bigot. Ye are not going to effect change by attacking those whom ye would persuade.  I doubt if I could affect change from those who want to discriminate and exclude with no logical thought process. A spade is a spade, or do some feel it is different because it involves gays? Once again proving they are merely operating from an anti-gay bias.  It seems to me that the point there is that it is not a bigot ... er, spade merely because you CALL it a spade. IMO, if someone has to resort to name-calling, it tends to only indicate they are having to resort to something besides sound arguments.
The language here again, is meant to put gays in their place. It suggests if gays want what straight have, they will be punished hard and cruelly. It's sociopathic.  Here's a tip for you. If you don't want shat thrown back in your face, don't pitch it into a fan. :xcensored
It seems to me that the point there is that it is not a bigot ... er, spade merely because you CALL it a spade. IMO, if someone has to resort to name-calling, it tends to only indicate they are having to resort to something besides sound arguments.   Ding! That is precisely the point I have been making. Disagreement does not equal bigotry. But if it makes ye feel better somehow to call me a bigot feel free. Doesn't hurt me a bit. It is curious that the only people who disagree with ye are bigots.   We are a nation of bigots apparently...
You miss the whole point. No one is stopping heteros from getting married. No one is voting on weather your family has the right to exist.  Maybe that's because my family represents the norm, not a deviation from the norm.
Oh my. Perhaps we should say it's an anti-gay bias, or a person with an anit-gay bias? Are the terms acceptance-challenged, inclusion-challenged, anti-discrimination challenged, appealing to you?  E Mutz or his "Joe", assumed those protesting against gay discrimination are nuts or trying to hijack heritage, but won't say why. If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck, chances are...    May I say that ye have again mischaracterized what I have stated. For your benefit, allow me to repost:  "I gave a specific case of homosexuals display in a St. Patrick's Day parade as hikacking of heritage. I in no way intimated that the homosexual lifestyle was hijacking heritage." As you missed my earlier point, let me restate it simply: The average homosexual is not a nut and not a hijacker or heritage. This is part of my earlier argument that the messenger is as important as the message.   The nut is the individual who goes to a St. Patrick's Day parade and insists on drawing attention to his sexuality, be that individual a homosexual or heterosexual. Note, that I do not wish to see homosexuals barred from the parade, but a recognition that the event is not about sexuality. If ye are Irish and homosexual ye are no less Irish than if ye are Irish and heterosexual. Activists who insist on carrying banners proclaiming their sexual proclivities have no part of a parade on city streets be they hetero or homo.   This is not about discrimination, this is not about protest, this is about decorum. When ye engage in behavior in public, prepare to be judged on that behavior. That is precisely what Joe is doing, and if this is bigotry, ye are complicit in it by not decrying the actions of the fringe. Joe hears the argument that homosexuals should be free to do what they will in the privacy of their own homes, then is confronted with the image of banner carrying protestors in a public parade dedicated to Irish heritage. Joe is receiving a message, but it is not the message ye want to send.  Ye believe that your message is bulletproof, irrespective of the messenger. My point is that the message is often trumped by the messenger.   So lets recap: I have acknowledged: That the actions in question are committed by the fringe That the fringe does not reflect the actions of mainstream homosexuals  I have not argued against homosexuality. I have not attacked homosexuals. If anything, I have presented a course of action by which your goals might be realized. This does not fit with my definition of bigotry.  Again: My premise is not that homosexuality is wrong, but rather, that the arguments in favor of homosexual marriage has not reached the critical mass to effect change. I believe that through thoughtful advocacy such as that made by Kronus and Coyote, that this change may be made. I also note that others actions are slowing what some consider to be inevitable.
Some of ye will read one thing, others:  Quack quack...
Oh my. Perhaps we should say it's an anti-gay bias, or a person with an anit-gay bias? Are the terms acceptance-challenged, inclusion-challenged, anti-discrimination challenged, appealing to you?  Or maybe he's simply arguing a different point than you. IMO it's just simply arrogant of you to automatically write off disagreement as "bigotry". YOUR view is that this is about "acceptance"; but that doesn't mean that's the real issue. E Mutz is right in saying that disagreement is not the same as bigotry.
Which is exactly why I pray every day that every heterosexual will wake up tomorrow with a large red square imblazened upon their forheads. Then we will be able to tell who is who.  Why is that important ?  Is not the person as a person more important than some label ?
Note how the argument turned from why a person should or should not be able to vote on a persons marriage to a witch hunt to determine who is or who is not a bigot. I have succeeded, in just a few posts, in deflecting your energy away from your message and into a digression about who is or is not a bigot.  Let me make this easier for you. I will grant you that myself, JP, and every other opponent of gay marriage is a bigot. That means there are approximately 140 million bigots in this nation that polls have identified as opposing homosexual marriage.  Now what?  You have spent all this energy calling your opponents bigots, how much energy has been invested in persuading said bigots? Have you resigned yourself that you cannot sway your opponents with the merit of your argument?  Calling your opponent a bigot does not solve your problem. Your opponent can just as easily say "He's a homosexual." Now you are playing the label game. How does one side advance? You have to get out of the rhetorical trench warfare. Your opponent would like nothing more than for you to continue to refer to him as a bigot. If he is truly bigoted, he could care less what you, a homosexual (or colorful colloquialism for same) has to say about him. Harsh? Perhaps, but reality can be that way. Now if your opponent is not a bigot, but a person sitting on the fence because of vague religious or moral notions, ye have lost that person as a potential advocate through your labeling.  Ye can take this for what ye will.   You just don't want to see homosexuality. In suggesting the course of action, you are naieve to the social reality I explained above in this post. You would like homosexuality out of sight and out of mind, despite your usually nice words. You don't consciously acknowledge your prejudice and ignorance as a comfortable member of the straight majority which takes for granted its recognition and rights.  OK, I am prejudiced, ignorant, (insert label here) and ye need me to get what ye want. How will ye persuade me? THAT, my friend is what I have been getting at. Ye are so caught up in being able to do a thing ala, the overt St Patrick's Day Parade shenanigans, that ye miss a larger point. Just because ye have a right to do a thing it does not necessarily follow that ye will benefit from doing that thing. Please, go engage in yer right to free speech as ye will. Just keep in mind that your opponents, bigots as ye would call them, are not moved by these displays. The short term feeling of freedom ye enjoy in your display has a larger implication in the grand scheme of things. Ye would gain the brass ring while losing the gold ring.  But what do I know... Quack quack quack....
Yeah, diversity sure sucks, doesn't it?  Yep, perversity sure does. ;)
... it's a bigot! (wait, I mean anti-gay biased, acceptance-challenged, inclusion-challenged, and anti-discrimination challenged) :)  You sure love to throw the word bigot around but when challenged to prove that one's a bigot, you turned tail and ran. Is it because you make unprovable claims to squash debate and attempt to misdirect real discussion of the issues? Or are you just so intellectually vacuous that you can only launch personal attacks? emoticon_confused
You have a double standard. You berate gay people for protesting our oppression by heteros. You know very well if the world were the other way around you would be acting just like gay people if your family was considered by gay people "a deviation from the norm". The point of this thread is that no one gay or straight should have the right to tell anyone else who their family should be. I don't have a right to vote one your marriage(and the more you argue against me that is changing and I want to vote on your marriage) and you should not have a right to vote on my marriage.  You make a false assertion. You have every right in the world to vote on my marriage. Start a petition drive today stating that you think that all heterosexual marriages should be voided immediately. Then get enough signatures on a petition in order to get it on the ballot. Then the citizens can vote on whether or not to outlaw hetero marriage..... just EXACTLY as they did to outlaw gay marriage, legally, though the proper channels, not backdooring it through the courts. :xcensored
Quack, quack, indeed. You really don't get it, and the logic here is stunning. You want me to believe you are concerned with advancing the gay cause. Yet you would suggest we pander to those who do not wish to see gays, whatever you wish to call such people. If we do not do as they say, and hide, we risk hurting our cause with those who do not wish to acknowledge our existence.  My dear sir, I do not care what ye believe! Ye may hate me with every ounce of your strength and it would not bother me one whit. My concern is not your feelings, but your methods. I would not call Mohandas Gandhi and Martin Luther King Jr. panderers for seeking to change hearts and minds rather than engage in headlong frontal assaults against prevailing opinion. Right now, ye are outnumbered two to one. The ratio argues more for diplomacy rather than militancy. Ye will not threaten, ye will not assault your way to the prize ye seek.   But please, by all means, assign whatever feelings and motivations to my posts that ye see fit. If ye really believe that my proposed methods are so contrary to your interests, continue your quixotic charge against the ramparts of marriage. Do the opposite of whatever I suggest. Read whatever ye will into these messages. It matters not.   Ye call me a bigot, and a homophobe. Ye believe that I hate ye for what ye are. Nothing could be further from the truth. Hate is not the opposite of love. To hate something, ye must invest emotional energy into that thing. I am INDIFERENT to ye. I am not working to prevent your rights anymore than I am working to promote them. I'm in it for the argument. Watching your attempts to construct a cogent line of reasoning provides nearly the same amount of amusement as regarding water beetles on a pond, but one tires of poor arguments as surely as one tires of beetle watching. I am not anti-gay, I am anti-poor-argument. That is why I have attempted to goad ye towards something a little more fruitful. Your progress so far has been, frankly beetlesque, and I fear that writing the word bigot is the height of your rhetorical prowess.   It never ceases to amaze me the level of narcissism my opponents possess in believing that my thoughts and feelings revolve around antipathy towards them. Chances are ye will hate me long after ye have finished reading this sentence. Ye will be forgotten in my mind by the next sip of coffee. Who then is the hatemonger?  I quack in your general direction.
What is the basis for the disagreement or the different point of view if it is not a lack of acceptance of homosexuality or its visible and open displays and representations?  But the problem is that you insist on always mischaracterizing that as bigotry. It's a very ugly word, and I suspect that's the reason you use it (for its effect) and why you don't entertain the idea that bigotry may not always be what's behind it.
I say it is, and I explain why. Replace the word "gay" with another minority, and tell me it is not.  I've explained why I believe that's what's behind it. If you believe don't believe that, why don't you tell me what is behind it?  I think it all goes back to one's motivations. What I don't think you and some others understand is that people often don't take that stand on the basis of not liking gay people. They do it because of the way they view marriage. If any other minority came along wanting marriage to be changed from one man and one woman, I suspect they'd get the same response.
Yes, from the anti-gay crowd, sorry those who don't wish to include gays. However, no other identified minority would want that, because only one minority identifies as gay.  But it's not always about not-including-gays. That's not the basis in many cases. (hey, that rhymes! emoticon_xgood ) It's about the way they view marriage! They'd be that way toward any group wanting to change marriage to fit themselves if it changed marriage from the traditional view. I assure you if there was a movement afoot in this country by polygamists to change marriage to include them, there would be a similar reaction toward that. It's not that you're gay. It's that you want to redefine marriage. Ah, there's no use. I've tried to get you to see this before.
And you've been refuted before.   There is no refutation to this. You can't accurately purpose to know peoples' motivations, as you do when you ONLY subscribe it to bigotry. It's not like you have a motivat-o-meter to hook them up to. If you can't bring yourself to even admit that there could be other motivations with some people, then yours' is the irrational stance. I KNOW for a fact that's a motivation for some people, because it's mine. Do you actually think that traditionalists would not fight against other groups trying to redefine marriage too, from the traditional way? If you don't, I have swamp land for sale.
Curious, has anyone ever made someone like them with demands?  Do people who don't agree that an issue is important automatically hate those who make it an issue?
Yep, the perversity of bigots is quite disgusting.  I'm still waiting for you to back up your insults with some substance. When are we going to debate the topic?
This is the single most disgustly, vile, ugly, hateful thing I have seen in a good long while.  But at least you show the opposition for what it really is.   I have always enjoyed going rounds with you. You aren't the only conservative I battle with on issues like these. But today I draw the line. This is my family too - and you just said we weren't good enough.  Maybe you should try setting your emotional response aside and look at the context in which the comment was made.   Quote: Originally Posted by Matthew S  You miss the whole point. No one is stopping heteros from getting married. No one is voting on weather your family has the right to exist.  Response by JP: Maybe that's because my family represents the norm, not a deviation from the norm.  Now, I don't know where you found the disgustingly vile ugly words in that. emoticon_confused emoticon_confused
And you would have no problem with this?  None. Zip. Zero. Naught. I believe that as long as the majority isn't trampling individual Constitutional rights (and if there was a Constitutional Amendment banning marriage then it would certainly be Constitutional by definition) than I'm OK with it. emoticon_xgood
Perhaps calling her family a deviation may be a good place to start. Then again empthy is so lacking these days.  I guess, being a scientist, the term has a more clinical meaning to me. emoticon_confused
Ah! Brilliant! You can claim to know the motivation, and then when anyone disagrees say that no refutation is possible!   Er, no. The position you're defending is that NO one ever argues that side out of anything BUT bigotry--yours holds no room for variance. I'm simply trying to get you to see that such may not be the case, and that some may not be motivated by bigotry. Just by sheer numbers alone, you have to be wrong. It is a statistical extreme unlikelihood that there is NO single person among the millions (billions?) who argues against gay marriage out of other motivations than bigotry. And based on the people I've been around, I have every reason to believe there are many such people.
So I assume then that empathy is a foriegn concept to you.  I'm not going to cry on your shoulder, but that doesn't mean that I don't have empathy for your dilemma. As I've stated numerous times in the past, I am in favor of granting gay couples all of the legal benefits of marriage as long as it's not called marriage.
I would like to know what the motivation really is in your view, for opposing gay marriage, since it is not tradition in general.   I told you, it could depend on many different factors. It could be religion, it could be upbringing, it could be that people just aren't convinced by your arguments. The important point is that not all of them are motivated by bigotry.
None of those things mean it is not motivated by bigotry. If one's excluded or not accepted because one is gay, that is anti-gay bigotry. I don't care if one's religion or one's upbringing or one's not being convinced or tradition are involved, it's still not accepting or excluding someone for being gay.  This is pretty silly, Jake. It's basically the no-true-Scottsman fallacy ... that it's bigotry merely on the basis of opposing gay peoples' actions, regardless of the motivations. (That's basically what you're saying.) You're so determined that it always has to be bigotry that you aren't even trying to think this through. By numbers alone, you would be wrong--out of the millions or billions who disagree with the prospect of legalized gay marriage, it is highly (extremely) unlikely that all billions of those people are motivated by bigotry and that not a single one of them is motivated by something else.
In point of fact what I'm doing is attacking your position, that anyone actually cares about the definition of a legal term, in and of itself, to the point where they would take a stand on it. That's your stated position, and it's ludicrous.   Why on earth do you think that's ludicrous? I can think of many legal terms that we (probably you too) wouldn't want changed. It's not just that it's a legal term--it represents a moral view in society. The term means something. The term "homicide" may just be a legal term, but we wouldn't want to change it to where homicides are no longer prosecuted, unreflective of society's view about people killing ea other. Legal terms have meaning.  Legal terms change all the time, the definition of marriage has changed frequently. It's obviously something about this particular change that has you upset; the gays.  And legal terms remain unchanged all the time. But regardless, it is clear at this point that you simply flat-out aren't open to the idea that for some people, it may not be bigotry that motivates them. Fascinating.
It's not bigotry that motivates me to oppose gay marriage. It's the fact that it will hurt more people than it helps and that the benefits deserved by gays can be had without redefining. It's just that simple. No bigotry...just facts.  emoticon_cry   emoticon_xhoho
Yet I don't see you putting yourself in the place of gay people. That is the essence of empathy to understand how it would feel if you were in their place. I have yet to read where you would be happy accepting what you are asking gay people to accept. You may have sympathy but no empathy is apparent.Empathy is not required. It takes only logic to realize that gays should be satisfied with the benefits given to married couples no matter how they arrive.  I have some sympathy for you...I am saddened that you are not a happy camper. I will try my best to help you get frickin' over it!  I think it's the legitimacy that you think will come with redefining marriage to include all people regardless of gender that keeps you insistent upon the change. Let me clue you in...respect does not come with a promotion. No matter what you call yourself, there will likely be a great majority of people who believe that being gay is deviating from the norm.
Just who in the hell is it hurting?Not me...I'm divorced! ;)   It hurts the people who view marriage as a sacred bond between a man and a woman...and there is a BUNCH of them...a BIG bunch! I'd say that bunch of people is about a hundred times greater than the little bunch that wants to destroy that idea.  If it were such that the rights and benefits granted to married couples could not be granted to gays without allowing them to 'marry', then I'd say the big bunch needs to suck it up and relent. However, that is not the case.
Yet I don't see you putting yourself in the place of gay people. That is the essence of empathy to understand how it would feel if you were in their place. I have yet to read where you would be happy accepting what you are asking gay people to accept. You may have sympathy but no empathy is apparent.  When being empathetic wildly contradicts logic, I tend to not empathize. I will never be gay, black, poor, female, etc., but I'm certainly not going to cry about not being included in those groups. I'm married because I fit the crtieria, established by this society, of marriage. I don't fall into any of the other categories. So be it.
What is perverse in your view? That which isn't the norm, that which is diverse? It's a very long list, so I doubt you believe this. You hate a particular form of diversity: gays.   You assume too much. As I've pointed out before, I don't hate gays, I just don't believe that we should redefine marriage for them. Period.
Tough :xcensored . Real measurable damages, please. Offending a bunch of folk's sensibilities isn't damage. Appeasing faith justified hate however, IS in a secular society.There's no hate here.  Aw, those poor wittle people might have their little sensibilities hurt. :xbanghead :xcensored Get real, dude, and show us some actual and measureable damages.  Many sensibilities were (and still are) damaged when they allowed blacks and whites to marry each other, when blacks were freed, when blacks were given equal rights, when women were given equal rights, etc.  Should we go back to the "good ole days" when none of this was existant, so as not to defend the poor wittle sensibilities of the bigots?Then let's not be worried with the sensibilities of either bunch. If hurting your sensibilities should not count, then the legitimization of gay life should be henceforth unimportant to you. The only consideration should be the rights. I say you are entitled to all the rights and I say that it is unnecessary to redefine marriage in order to get them.  You will say that it (redefinition) is the easiest way to assure the rights...I say it is unecessary.  None of this constitutes bigotry. Find a real fault with the argument that redefinition is unnecessary. Show some actual, measurable damages caused by not redefining.
Bull. I'm not buying.  One of my all time favorite quotes;  "I can see a church by daylight"  or if you prefer;  "If it looks like a duck and qucaks like a duck..."  Thanks for another cogent, fact-filled post, Jito. emoticon_rolleyes
Bull. I'm not buying.  One of my all time favorite quotes;  "I can see a church by daylight"  or if you prefer;  "If it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck..."...and I'm not selling.  If you want to claim I am a hate-filled bigot, please quote a passage where I expressed it. If you can't do that, find something else to throw my way. I have argued with cold logic, favoring nobody. There is no need to redefine marriage. Dissatisfaction in not being eligible for marriage does not constitute a need.
But it is the case. Federal tax benefits: only for married couples.  How many instances will you want before you except that "married" is a unique legal state that can't be duplicated? Seriously. My example was obvious, it must have occurred to you. If it didn't cross the line for you then what would it take? How many benefits would gays have to be denied, and how many hoops would they have to jump through to get the rest, before you'll concede the point?Federal tax benefits can be extended to gay couples. Any right or benefit that married couples have can be extended to gay couples.
Homophobia, anti-gay rhetoric - regardless of where it is based - is hate. Telling some families that they don't deserve recognition because they aren't the "norm" is hate. And I don't give a damn how many Bibles you wave around. Hate is hate. You wish harm on those not harming you. Its hate. Pure and simple. HATE. Tell yourself whatever you like so that you sleep well at night. Those of us "non normal" families that you condemn aren't buying. I am not buying. I assure you - that's a fact.  Homophobia=fear of homosexuals...has little to do with hate.  Anti-gay rhetoric seems to be the going identification of anything said in opposition to gay marriage...whether it is logical or not.  I've not seen where anyone has tried to deny recognition to anyone else. I HAVE seen where the gays appear to be shunning recognition by wanting to blend in homogeneously with all married couples thereby losing some of their own identity.  It should be patently obvious that being gay is not the norm. That doesn't mean that being gay is bad...it's just not the norm....simple fact.  I haven't seen any bibles being waved here lately. (Thank God!!!)  Who is wishing harm on people? Let's beat that person half to death!
What I find really fascinating are the bizzare leaps you attempt to justify your position. The deflections, the evasions, and the outright lies.  Ah, here we go again. And you were doing so well discussing the issue and actually avoiding the ad hominem and personal stuff. Cya! emoticon_xbye
What I want to know is where is this line drawn in the rhetoric and debate that is apparently obvious to Jito and Jake where mere disagreement does become hate? I think this vague sort of un-qualified talk of "bigotry" and "hate" would be have much more credibility if you could show us where that line is. For example, I don't see how it is that someone who genuinely has religious concerns for society (just an example) is automatically engaging in the hating of gays. What actions or arguments constitute hate and what ones don't? At what point is that line crossed? These questions seem fair enough.
I don't understand your crazy moon logic. :)   Let me be really clear here. By Federal law, the actual law written in the actual books, the only people who get marriage benefits are married people. No other classification qualifies. If you want to get the marriage benefits you have to be legally married, and thanks to DOMA you also need to be opposite sex. When you say these benefits can be given to gays, I have to assume that you're using some hypothetical, parallel universe meaning of "can". The same sort of way that robbing a bank "can" be legal, all you have to do is live somewhere that has totally different laws. But if we stick with the reality that we're currently in, then gays can NOT in fact get any of those benefits, no matter what they do, what documents they write up, or how many lawyers they see. They are utterly excluded until such time as they are allowed to marry.Close...but no cigar! Gays will be excluded until the laws are changed to include them. This still does not require the redefinition of existing words.  Rather than fighting against denial of 'marriage', you should be fighting against the denial of rights. I know it would be simpler just to say gays can be married, but you have, IMHO, a much higher hill to climb than if you simply say, "we deserve the rights associated with married couples...give them to us". I would be first in line to back you up on that.  What you say (No other classification qualifies.) is quite true...but it can be changed. Another classification (or two) could be added to the list of those who qualify for benefits. It's really that simple a concept. Getting it done is going to be quite difficult...changing the definition of marriage even more difficult.  Gays shoot themselves in the foot when they proclaim, "we're wanna be just like you" to the heterosexual world.
No, you really don't get this. It isn't a "list". There isn't a table of benefits, and a chart at the end on how to qualify. You can't just append another group on the end. The laws say that the benefits go to married people and no one else, and they say it seperately for each law. If you want to change the laws to give gays equal access to benefits you'd have to change every single relevant law, one by one. Hundreds and hundreds of them, each one a separate fight.  Actually, this is not necessarily so. I am quite certain that it could be done with one amendment that says where any law previously mentions "marriage" as a condition, it should also be taken to include gay unions as well (whatever they become named that's not "marriage"). You would not have to go back and change every single law.
Homophobia, anti-gay rhetoric - regardless of where it is based - is hate. Telling some families that they don't deserve recognition because they aren't the "norm" is hate. And I don't give a damn how many Bibles you wave around. Hate is hate. You wish harm on those not harming you. Its hate. Pure and simple. HATE. Tell yourself whatever you like so that you sleep well at night. Those of us "non normal" families that you condemn aren't buying. I am not buying. I assure you - that's a fact.  Try actually reading what I said and not what you thought I said.  Quote: Quote: Originally Posted by Matthew S You miss the whole point. No one is stopping heteros from getting married. No one is voting on weather your family has the right to exist. Response by JP: Maybe that's because my family represents the norm, not a deviation from the norm.  My response was to the direct statement "No one is voting on weather(sic) your family has the right to exist." Now, You may think that translates into "kill all gays and their babies, too" , but I can assure you, it doesn't. :xbanghead :xbanghead
The evidence shows that people aren't interested in giving gays these benefits under another name. The simply aren't interested in granting them benefits at all. You are simply wrong, yet again. Many of those apposed to gay marriage woukld have no problem with civil unions that gave gays the same privledges as marriage without the name. The problem has been that it wasn't good enough for gay activists. They insist on destroying he fundamental nature of marriage and got their dicks slapped. :xcensored   Seperate rules - will allow for different rules - and make it damned easy to ensure gays don't actually get everything heteros have. In your LEARNED opinion only. emoticon_rolleyes   I don't think you are a hate filled bigot - but I think most of those you seek to appease with your reasoning are. And JP stepped on my last nerve recently. Your lucky that it was only your nerve. I don't like being called a bigot by people unable to back up their claims, such as you and Picaboo. :xcensored emoticon_mad
I was merely saying diversity(not being the norm) isn't a justification for discrimination. You went too far, and I do believe it shows your personal hatred. I'm sure you'll either reply or think that you don't give a rat's behind, and that may be the problem.  You can believe what you want, no matter how wrong you are.
You're not telling me the motivation. You are dancing around the question ...  You still aren't saying the motivation for this exclusion of gays.   I've already given you examples of motivations. It was very clear. I told you, it could be religious, unconvinced by your arguments, etc.  Vast numbers of people can indeed be anti-gay bigots.  yes; I didn't say otherwise. But you're the one who seems to think there can't be any exception. The issue isn't whether bigotry exists; the issue is whether motivations other than bigotry exist.  I think that's naieve. Here in Ontario, when marriage was changed, we had to change a great number of laws to make the language gender-neutral.  I don't think it's naive at all. The U.S. has done similar things as that before. (By similar I mean making one amendment to "add-on" to all existing laws in a certain way. For instance, the 19th amendment adding the right of women to vote. They didn't have to go in and change every law at state and federal level on voting to include women--the amendment covered everything.) So this sort of thing has some precedent. I'm not sure how Canada's constitution works, but it may work differently.
This dances around the issue. It doesn't matter if the motivation is coming from religion, or being unconvinced. I don't care if you are following your strongly held beliefs. It has the same effect, it's to the same end. You are excluding gays as a group, from your group. You don't do that because you like gays and gay representations in society, nor out of neutrality on the subject. It's dislike.  Jake, you're like the pouting kid who, when a parent has other reasons for not letting their kid play in the street, the kid insists over and over and over "you just don't like me." Based on the dogmatism in your posts, I'm obviously not going to be able to convince you that someone can (and some do) oppose gay marriage based on other reasons than dislike for gays. (or bigotry, or hate, or whatever the get-the-most-effect-word of the day is.) You've put up your brick wall, but I'm not going to sit all day and argue with it. I've given you examples, reasons, and clearly explained this. So at this point you've made it clear you've dug your heels in and are not going to budge no matter what truth anyone ever told you.  Have a good day.
Jake, you're like the pouting kid who, when a parent has other reasons for not letting their kid play in the street, the kid insists over and over and over "you just don't like me." Based on the dogmatism in your posts, I'm obviously not going to be able to convince you that someone can (and some do) oppose gay marriage based on other reasons than dislike for gays. (or bigotry, or hate, or whatever the get-the-most-effect-word of the day is.) You've put up your brick wall, but I'm not going to sit all day and argue with it. I've given you examples, reasons, and clearly explained this. So at this point you've made it clear you've dug your heels in and are not going to budge no matter what truth anyone ever told you.  Have a good day.  My sentiments exactly.
It's about lowering expectations of gays. Your condescending, patronizing attitude helps convince me of that. If gays were all lobbying for civil unions, the same people would say gays deserve less equality than that. Any measure of equality is always such a struggle. The opposition is worried about what we will ask for next, if we get too big for our boots. They say, at every granting of rights or benefits or recognition to gay couples, that gays can't be given this or that, because it is too much like what heteros have.  You do what you want. I only suggested, many times, that you'd be much more likely to get the desired results by appealing to the general public's sense of fairness as opposed to trying to redefine what many consider a sacred union between a man and a woman. But you do as you wish, just don't cry to me when it continues to generate a backlash.
I don't care.   I don't like suppesedly moral superior Christians insulting my family because they haven't the nuts to respect whatever doesn't resemble they see in the mirros. I also don't like gleeful bullying - something you have repeatably engaged in or applauded.  Whatever. emoticon_xdonno
So can we all, though some of us might be more right and others.emoticon_xangel  Agreed. emoticon_xangel
Alrighty, before everyone jumps on me with hurtful words. Heh. I'd like to just give you my opinion on this matter. <3emoticon_xangel   First to bat, I'm not against the gay person, I'm not homophobic I'm against the homosexuality. I don't think gay people should be damned to Hell, put in jail, or any of that stuff. That's absurd.   What I do think, is that marriage is unity between a man and a woman. The *OK* For sex, and personally I believe it's origin is biblical.  emoticon_love Jesus freak ^.vemoticon_zzzz
And FYI, "marriage" was around long before the Bible.  And so wasn't the universal opinion that homosexuality is unnatural, wrong and to no benefit to Society at all.
 3 notice my signature David and Jonathan bound their souls together making them married in the eyes of God and that is also biblical. . If you could maybe show me the verse in the bible, if you have the time.  A homosexual, in my belief is not some one who was wired that way. In the case that they were, does that make it ok for that guy who shot up Virginia tech to (If he was still living) be ok, just because he had an impulse to do it and he was wired that way? I mean i'm not saying that homosexuals compare to that in any way, what i'm saying is that yes the natural thing to do is to have sex between a man and a woman. Just because of the fact that we were made to do so, whether or not your Christian. Men have a scientific part, and so do women. Which are scientifically proven to reproduce. Yet we're all entitled to our own beliefs, and I love to here what other people think on these matters.   Actually I do think it started biblically, just because in Genesis, it claims that God made Eve, and Eve was Adams wife.  but if you choose not to believe in the bible it probably doesn't matter to you. That's just why I think Marriage is biblical.   *A little off subject* If gay marriage is legalized, then so should multiple partners for marriage?emoticon_zzzz
I'd like to ask you a question. When did you decide you were heterosexual? How did you know? Why can't you believe those of us who are wired differently from you that this is just the way we are? Many of us have reproduced, if you need to know. The world's population will not suffer though if no gay person ever reproduced again. -samiinh  Well I didn't decide, I was born that way. It was the natural thing for me to be attracted to men. Yet you still haven't brought up the subject of some man being wired to kill because he was mentally insane. Which does not compare to gay people at all, yet by saying they were *wired* that way, it should not make it ok for a crazy man to murder.   Although I must agree that we will not suffer from a population decrease. :)     1 Samuel 18:1 -Matthew  1 Samuel 18:1-4 (NIV)  1 After David had finished talking with Saul, Jonathan became one in spirit with David, and he loved him as himself.  2 From that day Saul kept David with him and did not let him return to his father's house.  3 And Jonathan made a covenant with David because he loved him as himself.  4 Jonathan took off the robe he was wearing and gave it to David, along with his tunic, and even his sword, his bow and his belt.   How do you even suppose he's gay out of this. I lov my brother as myself, my sister as myself. I love some of my friends as myself. That does not mean i'm a homosexual and want to marry my closest friends. Even so as the opposite sex, I have a friend whom I love very much, yet I don't want6 to marry him. I have in other friend to whom I'm one in the spirit with, meaning we are brother and sister in Christ... Out of all the interpretations why homosexual?  I cannot find a contradiction.. Might you show me, and thank you for the other verse.   MrWriteLA:   Their theme song should be "What's love got to do with it, got to do with it?"  Hehe I love that song.. I have to dl that to my Ipod... Funneh nice joke. Yet you are right that love played into few things back then.    -Leviticus 18:22, 18:29- ///even though there is a penalty for all///  -1kings 14:24, Romans1:18-27 Romans 1 and 2. These are just a few things that it would be cool for you to read if you're able. These verses are from the New living translation, yet i'm sure they're very similar in other translations as well.   AntDogg Quote: Originally Posted by Moonlitface  Alrighty, before everyone jumps on me with hurtful words. Heh. I'd like to just give you my opinion on this matter. <3   First to bat, I'm not against the gay person, I'm not homophobic I'm against the homosexuality. I don't think gay people should be damned to Hell, put in jail, or any of that stuff. That's absurd.   What I do think, is that marriage is unity between a man and a woman. The *OK* For sex, and personally I believe it's origin is biblical.  Jesus freak ^.v    *SIGH*  That's good that you think marriage is a unity between a man and a woman. That is your belief, so marry someone of the opposite sex then. I believe that marriage is between two people that love each other, regardless of sex. I am attracted to men, I have dated men, have had sex with men, and will most likely marry one in the future, not if, but WHEN it is legalized.  -You could always go to Massachusetts. (One of the reasons I don't like the politics in my Home state.) You are completely correct. I believe in marriage between a man and woman. And, I will marry a man, I hope I get married. But I do stand firm on my belief, for this country and the situation of gay marriage, because it does affect me. The more liberal we tend to get, the less we fight for freedom in this country, the youth that's growing up today, NOT EVEN STANDING FOR THE PLEDGE When this is the best country you could live in! It really saddens me to see people not keeping to the way this country was established. I wouldn't mind if woman couldn't work, I'd love to be made to be a house wife! Anything to get this country back to what it use to be. Sorreh that was just bugging me a little. I know that has nothing to do with homosexual marriage. But I have random outburst, you know? I get those a little too much heh....  Thank you, though, for not stating that the "biblical origin" of sex is absolute truth or fact and that we are wrong and you are right. Some people just don't understand that there's a difference between fact and opinion.   I'm surprised you'd say that. Sometimes people believe I'm a little bit forcing.. I completely respect your opinion, and I love to here it, debates are so fun to me! Yet I wouldn't want to make enemies because of what I believe in, therefore I try not to force it on others, I liek to share it with others and they can choose for themselves to beleive it or not. To believe or not to believe... That is the question. I want to be kind to everyone no matter what they have an opinion about. To me debating is awesome, and I also love to share my opinion with others, as you probably can tell =D It's just so frustrating, being so young and not having anyone listen at school because no one cares about topics anymore, they just usually repeat their parents. (In my school anyways) I just love to be able to share my opinion with people who I can learn from in return. <3 emoticon_zzzz emoticon_zzzz
No. Same sex acts (I know acting gay and being gay are different, but who knows when the first homosexual popped up, Could have been Adam, Eve Cain probably not Abel or Seth. My bets on Seth.)Slight distraction, I am willing to bet there were at least a few homosexual participants who had the very important job of performing the rituals that would appease whatever God is in at that time. This was not isolated to one or two groups in a particular region, this was all thru time and all over.   Which is the opinion of some why the reference to same sex acts is in the bible. Not because gays were evil or the acts were sinful, but because it was part of other religions, including the arch enemy of God, dun dun duuuun Baal. If God was that against Homosexuals  A) He would not have made them B) He would let them know C) Oh ye of little faith. Your job is to behave, God's job is to judge. Trust God will do his Job. Do you really think he needs your help?emoticon_xdonno   You throuw in some good points -tping fast on the way to school to test =P Yuck...- Although You think that God made themlike that, and they were born homosexual. Whereas I think that it's a choice to be made. Wether or not you cheat on your wfe is also a choice to be made, for I think that they probably would love multipul partners hehe. Well some anyways.. Also it is God's jkob to judge, but throughout life throughout the bible he uses others, as he has used me to do his work through ourselves.  Oh and what do you mean by let them know? I'm a lil' slow this morning x.x I'm so not a morning person.emoticon_zzzz
In fact I turn my back on the flag when the pledge is being said an recite the following  I will not recite the pledge as it is false in that there is no liberty and justice for all. I will not pledge allegiance to a country where I am second class citizen. I will not pledge allegiance to a country whose government and its elected representatives seek to hurt and dishonor my family.  Oh come on, you have to be more adult than that surely.
Why should I pledge allegence to a country whose majority population, leaders, and religion hate me? Why should I pledge allegence to a country that will not accept or respect my families right to exist? Why should I pledge allegence to a country that values bigotry, hatred, injustice and intolerance towards my people? Why should I pledge allegence to a country that lies about there being liberty and justice for all except gay people?   You live there under the protection of your laws, you pay your taxes  Don't like it, emigrate to Holland OR work to change legitimately and legally through convincing people.  Don't delude yourself with all this hatred c--p. You are only making excuses
 I just don't understand why I should work to convince people to give me the rights that I allready have and are my birth right.  The question seems to be whether gay marriage is a right or not let alone a birth right.  At present I guess not. Nor in fact are rights absolute. Your constitution doesn't make them absolute, merely what has been agreed as the best way forward for the people of the United States.  In absolute terms there is no truly free society.  Rights have to be worked for and agreed by all. At least that has been the best way forward so far. It is basically the way your constitution has arisen and been amended.
Yeah, they pay taxes that go to heteros like you in your little marriages while they themselves andtheir partners get none of it. Real fair there. emoticon_rolleyes   If you don't like the fact that gays want to have the same marriage rights and benefits as heteros, move to a middle-eastern country - you'd fit right in there if your latest posts say anything about you.    Making excuses for what? :xbanghead  1. I pay taxes just the same. I am not aware of anyone's taxes being paid to me.  2. If the country agrees to redefine marriage then that is OK. Remind you in the UK we are moving that way.  3. Being a whinger on the 'poor little me' 'everyone hates me' basis.
You do not seem to recognize the reality that many people DO hate gay people, especially in the United States. I do not know if the same level of hatred exists in Britain. When I have spent time in Britain, my sense has been that gay people are treated a little better there, but of course I cannot tell by spending just a month there, especially in London, where people are probably more accepting than they are in the countryside. Anyhow, there are places in the United States where gay people are accepted, but there are many other places where gay people still risk being physically attacked and even murdered. Hate crimes against gay people are still a regular occurrence, and murders of gay people because of their sexual orientation still take place. I can name you plenty of tragic examples besides the famous murder of Matt Shepherd. A gay man was just murdered a few weeks ago in Washington, DC.   While it's true that focusing on how much we are hated by some people is usually not all that useful, the sense of being hated is not simply imagined by gay people. The hatred is real. Try walking down the street holding hands with, in your case, another man, and see how you are treated. Contrast that with how you are treated walking down the street holding hands with a woman.   I don't doubt that hatred exists - both ways. It is ultimately desctuctive. I guess things aren't so bad here in the UK but again I won't deny there are problems with some people often in certain ethnic areas.  With your example I wouldn't say there is much hatred, there is possibly some distaste. This is more where people are being pushed in a direction which they may well accept but where some tact is more likely to win friends than not. Note by the way in Riyadh is was not uncommon for men to be walking along holding hands!! Not gay tho'!!  But concerning marriage per se it has always been a matter for society as a whole with it always being held as between people of the opposite sex. Even some societies which tolerated/accepted or even expected homosexual liaisons, marriage was still between man and woman
First the world isn't the other way around.  The huge majority of people are heterosexual.  Marriage since time immemorial has been about being between people of opposite genders  If on the otherhand the vast majority were homosexual then we would probably have much the same as the homosexual population would have died out leaving the heterosexual community around
This is not what I asked. I asked how would you feel if you were being treated the same way gay people are? Can you not answer the question? Or is it you know the way gay people are being treated is unjust and you don't want to admit it?   No it isn't unjust. Marriage has been between people of opposite gender. Them's the rules of the game. Doesn't make it unjust.
The Question is: "How would I feel"  Honestly, I would feel upset that I did not get something I wanted. I was dissapointed when I didn't get a pony for my birthday. My seven year old knows the feeling quite well. The feeling by itself does not imply injustice. There may be injustice at work here, but feelings....nothing more than feelings.... are a poor means of judging.  I will feel upset if the Red Wings do not win the Stanley Cup. That does not mean that San Jose is evil or injust if they beat them in the play offs.   I feel disappointed that I am not eligible for a scholarship to a women only school or a grant from the Rainbow Push Coalition. My inability to benefit from these does not imply sexism or racism...or does it...   The mind boggles, the forehead knits...
I have a question for all those of you who are against same sex marriage.Apparently, you have five questions.   Now this takes some ability for inward perspective, a quality in short supply here sometimes.If by 'ability for inward perspective' you imply the ability to look at one's self, it is incongruent to say you are leary of our ability 'to think of life from a gay perspective'. What you are asking is for people to see your troubles from your perspective...hardly possible for many.   Here goes.  Would you be happy to accept what you are asking gay people to accept?Yes. Were I a logical gay man, I would accept the fact that I cannot marry a man due to the definition of marriage. I would accept that fact and continue to demand that all legally joined couples share the same benefits now given to married couples.   Would you want gay people to outlaw your marriages? Of course not.  Would you still support the majority decision if the majority of people were gay and it was heterosexual marriages that were being denied or banned outright?That is a hypothetical question. That scenario is virtually impossible unless you contend that being gay is a choice and somehow the vast majority of men chose to be gay. In your wildest dream, if this should happen, I suppose there'd be a civil uprising followed by the secession of several states to form at least two countries. While the hetero country would grow, the gay country would die out and we'd move back in a take over all your stuff.   Would you accept civil unions even though they were less then marriage?No...and you don't have to either.   Would you be happy or find it just that certain religious sects were fighting your civil rights?Religious sects have the right to believe in and oppose whatever they choose as long as they stay within the law. It makes me neither happy nor comfortable to know what they fight against. I consider them wrong...but rightfully so. The Phelps Church is despicable yet has the right to protest whatever they please. We have a right to ignore them. You have a right to ignore any and all religious sects.  The Radical Muslims have a right to believe their's is the only way but they do not have the right to kill people who disagree. Freedom of speech is a precious thing we have.  Whatever religious sect it is that makes your jaws tight has a right to verbalize and broadcast their condemnation of homosexuality just as you have a right to condemn heterosexuality. They have a right to consider you the scum of the earth just as you have the same right toward them.  It would not make me happy to know that any group opposes my having rights. However, they have the right to oppose any idea that exists.  The justness of their efforts is relative. To them it is just. To you it is unjust. To me, while it would remain unjust to continue denying rights to gay couples, it is equally unjust to deny any group their right to vocalize and oppose whatever they do.    I know this is a futile attempt to try and get you all to think of life from a gay perspective.Defeatist attitude...but spot on. I contend it is virtually impossible for a heterosexual to imagine life from a gay perspective...just as it is impossible for a man to understand birth pains and menopause.  Looking inward, I see myself as compassionate, believing in equal rights for all people and dedicated to leaving people to their own beliefs as long as they do not interfere with my life. If I can obtain the same rights as others without harming them, I'm okay with it.
I have a question for all those of you who are against same sex marriage. Now this takes some ability for inward perspective, a quality in short supply here sometimes.  Here goes.  Would you be happy to accept what you are asking gay people to accept? Would you want gay people to outlaw your marriages? Would you still support the majority decision if the majority of people were gay and it was heterosexual marriages that were being denied or banned outright? Would you accept civil unions even though they were less then marriage? Would you be happy or find it just that certain religious sects were fighting your civil rights?  I know this is a futile attempt to try and get you all to think of life from a gay perspective.  I'll answer the questions in the way they are asked: 1) Not sure what you mean 2) No 3) Wouldn't I have to? I'd accept it as a legitimate law (if that is what you mean) but I certainly wouldn't stop trying to get that law changed by the proper means. 4) Not sure..probably depends but benefits don't mean much to me 5) Another odd question but assuming it was some made up religion then the answer would be no...i would not be happy  Not sure what this proves other than a disagreement.
The fact that something is a rule or a tradition does not make it just.  Just or unjust is irrelevent unless you can prove there has been or is an injustice.  To do that please prove homosexual people have a right to marriage. Marriage is based on the conception of parties being of opposite gender if not please prove otherwise.
The onus of proof is on those wishing to exclude or discriminate make unequal or limit rights and freedoms, that is, if your society stands for rights and freedoms. Anything other than that, is then an injustice. Imagine if women had to prove their right to vote.     This is not true everywhere. This is the same circular debate, stating that marriage simply is heterosexual. It avoids the question, and takes us right back where we started.  You have not answered why or given any indication that homosexuals have the right to marriage. If they have then we can discuss injustice.  Apart from an obscure Bhuddist sect and MAYBE some early primitive societies (although that is doubtful) Marriage is based on opposite genders. Unfortunately for you that is the question.
And you have not yet answer the OP of this thread. I am waiting for an answer.  If you want an answer to a hypothetical question, I can give you one. However, in order to give you a reply I have to be convinced that you are being denied rights which you claim are yours and how would we feel if similarly treated.  What RIGHTS are you being denied ?
In most societies until relatively recently, women did not have equal rights, or anything close to equal rights. By your reasoning, that should be grounds for continuing to deny women equal rights. Your argument is, in essence, this is how it has always been, so we should just keep it that way and never scrutinize whether the way it has always been is just for everyone or not.   But we know that some social practices and institutions have been unjust in the past, and we have changed our social practices and institutions to benefit people. That's at the heart of the American republican experiment, a belief in the principles, radical in 1776, that all are created equal and are endowed with unalienable rights. The Declaration does not say that all are created equal except for gay people.   We should ask whether excluding gay people from legal civil marriage benefits society and the individuals in society or whether it does harm to society and to individuals. If you ask that question, the answer is clear. Excluding gay people from legal civil marriage harms children and families as well as individuals, by undermining the efforts of couples to form stable, legally recognized families. The result is that excluding gay people from legal civil marriage harms the whole society. To include gay people within legal civil marriage will benefit the whole society, by encouraging family formation and providing protections for children and spouses.   You still need to define marriage before any of the above holds water.  If the concept of marriage is defined to include people of the same sex, then their rights are automatically there. If it isn't then no such right exists. No right no claim for unjustness.  Ultimately even if you don't like the idea, Society defines how it wants to be, laws are put in place etc etc. Rights are defined. They are not absolute nor are they ever inalienable otherwise everything would merely stagnate. Equally they aren't changed on a whim.  If you can convince people that homosexuals have a case for changing the concept of marriage to include themselves then that will be a step forward
You say you cannot see it from the gay perspective, then you speak from that perspective as a gay man. This is confusing. As a heterosexual, if you are one, would you give up those rights and let gays have the rights?Read again. I was not speaking from a gay perspective..just a logical one. I said "Were I a logical gay man..."  While is it virtually impossible for me to view life from the gay perspective, it is not impossible to imagine what logic should be like in the gay community. Logic transcends all groupings.   There would be more immigration as the straight people see how superior the gay country is in every possible way(tongue-in cheek). Gays can and do also reproduce, as heterosexual identity is not required for different sex sexual actions or reproduction.Yeah...right!  I don't want to get into the circular argument again about the pros and cons of gay marriage. I've answered his five questions. You can take issues with my answers if you like.
Why can't you simply answer the question? Would you be happy to accept what you are asking gay people to accept? Would you want gay people to outlaw your marriages? Would you still support the majority decision if the majority of people were gay and it was heterosexual marriages that were being denied or banned outright? Would you accept civil unions even though they were less then marriage? Would you be happy or find it just that certain religious sects were fighting your civil rights?  Can you tell us how you would feel if you were being denied the right to marry the one you love because some one you don't know has some out dated evil religious belief.  Do you not have feelings, or emotions. Jims trucking, steeeeve, and Jyoshu have no problem answering the question. The three of them say they would not be happy being treated the way gay people are being treated.  Well firstly being in the UK we are somewhat more enlightened allowing Civil Unions. This is becoming more accepted in various other countries. The so-called treatment of Gays along the lines you talk about just don't exist or at least to that extent.  Note by the way that marriage is not just a religious belief and never has been; it is basically a secular union which may be confirmed for instance by a religious ceremony.  In answer to your question then I would probably try and persuade Society that gay marriages should be allowed if I was. However I very much doubt that I would take a dictatorial stance worthy of all the best tyrannies to try and achieve it.  As another poster said you are trying to persuade the Court of Public Opinion
I'm curious who has taken "a dictatorial stance worthy of all the best tyrannies to try and achieve it." Has someone argued that a dictator should step in and require same-sex marriage? If so, I did not notice that post.   People have argued that courts should rule in favor of same-sex marriage, but that's not the same as a dictator imposing something on people. Courts have a specific function and limits within which they operate.   Try looking at some of Matthews post in the past, you will see what I mean.:)
There was a time not so long ago when marriage meant one man and one woman of the same race. That was wrong too, and the SCOTUS corrected it.  Didn't change the man-woman requirement tho'
I would add because every one of the laws that jyoshu cited were only recently enacted, this appears to be evidence that there was not a clear understanding previously that marriage was intended to be between one man and one woman. At least not in the way the laws were written. Otherwise there would have been no need for the recent legal clarifications.  There were no speed limits before the 20th century. That does not imply thousands of years of uncertainty about how fast one might travel. There was no need so there was no law.   Definitions do not imply wide-spread confusion. All it takes is one de-de-de to create the need for codification. Take a look at the warning labels on consumer products. The vast majority are not confused when they receive a package, yet there is someone out there right now who will eat the silica packet if it is not labeled.
Here's another take on the survey from a different website. This article is trying to show that we are indoctrinating children to accept homosexuals in elementary school. This is so absurd imo.    http://www.lifesite.net/ldn/2007/may/07053003.html  Gallup Poll Shows Highest-Ever Acceptance of Homosexuality in America  By Elizabeth O'Brien and John-Henry Westen  PRINCETON, NJ - May 30, 2007 (LifeSiteNews.com) - American Gallup Poll results, released this morning, indicate that tolerance of homosexuality within the United States has reached a record high. According to the Poll, since 1977 public support of legalization of "homosexual relations between consenting adults" has risen from 43% to a record-breaking 59%.   According to Gallup, the general trend is an increased support for homosexuality. Notably, the observed increase in acceptance of homosexuality has occurred concurrent with a nationwide promotion of homosexuality in the American public elementary school system.   LifeSiteNews.com covered a video-clip entitled "It's Elementary" that shows a Gay Pride Day event at Cambridge Friends School in MA. Filmed over ten years ago, the clip shows how children of various grade levels are indoctrinated with the belief that homosexuality is an amoral and equally valid alternative lifestyle. Speaking in front of teachers and fellow-class mates, children explained their growing acceptance of homosexuals and the homosexual lifestyle.   In the film, an unidentified African American female teacher asks: "I don't know what to do about this but, as a school are we saying that kids have to support this? ...If a child comes from a background that says homosexuality is not correct, are we telling that child that they're supposed to, this is what you are supposed to do?" An unidentified Caucasian female teacher responds, "I think that we are asking kids to believe this is right. Not as a matter of moral principal, but as a matter of, we're educating them and this is part of what we consider to be a healthy education." (see coverage: http://www.lifesite.net/ldn/2007/apr/07042407.html ).  Further evidence that it is largely changes in the educational system that have brought about the increase in national acceptance of homosexuality is found in the vast disparity of opinion between the old and young. In the Gallup Poll, for example, only 45% of people of over 55 years of age support "homosexuality as an acceptable alternative lifestyle"; whereas young people from ages 18-34 years old are 75% in favor.   Gallup asks, "Do you think marriages between same-sex couples should or should not be recognized by the law as valid, with the same rights as traditional marriage?" The answers to this question clearly indicate support of legally valid homosexual-"marriage" has steadily risen over the past 11 years (from 27% to 46% in support since 1996). Gallup report author Lydia Saad notes, "This gay-marriage question follows a number of questions about homosexual rights in Gallup's Values and Beliefs survey. When the same question is asked in other Gallup surveys that do not include such questions, a lower level of support for gay marriage is usually found."   In light of Massachusetts permitting homosexual 'marriage', the poll results also give credence to warnings of family advocates who pointed out that the law is a teacher. In a 2005 letter to then-Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin, then-Toronto Cardinal Aloysius Ambrozic warned against legalizing homosexual marriage. He stated, "The law is a teacher. Does Canadian society as a whole, and do parents in particular, understand what the law will be teaching in this instance? It will be teaching that homosexual activity and heterosexual activity are morally equivalent. Public schools will be required to provide sex education in that light. Many parents, religious and non-religious, would not agree, nor would many, if not the majority, of Canadians. Is it fair to put children in the position of having to reconcile the values and beliefs of their parents with a novel state-sponsored understanding of marriage that may not be truly supported by the majority of Canadians?"  There is nothing at all absurd about this take. The Gay agenda has been to normalize homosexuality and what better way to do it than to indoctrinate the young and desensitize them to the negatives of the lifestyle while they're still impressionable. That way they know that within 20 years they will have normalized this abnormal lifestyle.
You forgot about the youth recruitment efforts as well. I am president of the local chapter of "Get 'Em While They're Young." Our mission (agenda, if you will) is to recruit and convert the kids in an effort to increase the prevalence of homosexuality to 20% by 2015, then 51% by mid-century when we will have total control, muahahahahaha!!!  Exagerating the position of another is a typical technique for ridiculing it moose, but your attempts to do that does nothing to detract from the accuracy of the article and my opinion, in that this is a premeditated agenda in order to normalize the homosexual lifestyle within one more generation in this Country. And only a liar would deny it as it's so obvious. If what I say wasn't true then gay groups would take the attitude of hands off off the minds of minors until they're old enough to decide for themselves what is morally right and wrong. What is going on can only be defined as INDOCTRINATION, So you can laugh all you want to, but I'm not laughing at all.
You picked up on that "technique" all right. You are as sharp as a tack there, Archie. I suppose ridicule and mockery have no place in civil debate, but your are clearly not interested in debate, so that is all that is left. It is useless to attempt to actually debate with you.   The others have pointed out lucid arguments that you will ignore in your single-minded attempt to bull-doze your agenda that you have been indoctrinated in.   There are facts you choose to ignore:  Homosexuality and homosexuals exist. Always have. Always will. Homosexuality is simply a part of the spectrum of human sexuality, hence it is normal. In the ignorant past, that has not always been known. However, all empiric observation of the phenomenon speaks to that fact. There is no evidence that has ever been demonstrated that any harm comes from homosexuality or homosexuals per se. There is no rational reason to think negatively about homosexuality, nor any rational basis upon which to consider it immoral. The only basis for this is a religious one. And the religious proscription against homosexuality is not based upon anything rational in today's world. It is only based upon one of a list of anachronistic rules. All of them except this one have been understandably discarded as archaic given the advances in human understanding.  This is not arguable.  You may choose to wallow in you silly, backward, primitive, puritanical, obsolete, cruel and harmful ideas, but this survey indicates that times change. Just as past prejudices are now seen as such, homophobia is going to be as well.  Discussion of the subject isn't indoctrination, it is discussion. No harm comes from accurate, dispsassionate information. The only harm is that myths can be dispelled. Misinformation can be corrected. Idiotic characterizations such as the type that you routinely spew can be seen for what they are, hateful invective.  I reject the homosexual lifestyle for reasons that are totally beyond you to understand my friend. And your post admits it's beyond you to understand the immorality in the unnatural acts that come with gay affections. Because you have no absolute moral compass, you cannot conceive of any limits to that which is acceptable to do. If it feels good, then by your standards of morality it must be ok. Well, that just isn't right because their is in fact an absolute code of morality.  And even though it's the sin that is condemned, but not the sinner if he repents, one must first accept that he is sick before he can seek the cure as the old saying goes. I have said all this before as you have given your opinion. The only point I wanted to make is that it is the gay agenda to normalize that which is condemned by God as wrong and harmful for people to participate in.   And just as it's wrong to commit adultery and have sex with children too, there are those who will also spend their lives doing those things. Be at peace moose, and know that I'm not saying this to hurt or insult you. I'm saying it because it's the truth according to a Holy God.
Once again this is a bad thing?  Yes it is Matthew. Not everything that feels good in this World is good. Ever do heroin ? Some say it's almost on par with an out of body experience but how many have died from it ?
No, your reasons are extremely simple to understand. (And I am not your friend.) It is you who have completely ignored my argument.   Now, to address the personal comments. It is not beyond my comprehension to understand what you say. It is called disagreement. Your obvious points are very easy to understand. Why do insist this difference in opinion can only be explained by misunderstanding? This implies there is no room for anyone's opinion other than your own. If you think this is the case, it makes no sense for you to even engage in a dialogue.   My moral compass is just fine, thank you. I am well aware of acceptable behavior. You are in no position to make such a judgement. I strive to be and believe I succeed in being a moral person. It is also not right for you to make such a statement. Neither I nor anyone I know ever says if it feels good it is OK. Why do you persist with that silly straw man? Because I disagree with you on a single moral issue here does not mean I am immoral. It seems you must inflate this single issue for some reason. You and I disagree on whether this single issue is immoral. Again, it is not right for you then to generalize about my overall morality.   Your response has simply confirmed my argument. You seem to be completely incapable of understanding that the rest of the world may not view all of life through the limited lens you restrict yourself to.  As I said moose, we disagree and will continue to disagree. This say's it all for me so I repeat...  I have said all this before as you have given your opinion. The only point I wanted to make is that it is the gay agenda to normalize that which is condemned by God as wrong and harmful for people to participate in. 
Every time I hear this "homosexual agenda" phrase I just chuckle. What about the Regious Agenda? They're the ones who have scores of minions trapsing across neighborhoods all over the world trying to convert people to "their particular religious agenda!"  Reject homosexuality all you want.... but deep down, beyond your christ-psychotic reason, you have to ask why you hate a 5-7% of the population so much. And don't say you only "hate the sin, not the sinner." That's just religious propaganda and EVERYONE knows it.  Homosexuals in this world have married and society has not collapsed. We're tax-paying responsible human beings and just want religion the #### out of government.... it has no place. Just want to exist in the world free from the learned prejudices and intolerance of religion. Religious zealots confuse spirituality and religiousity.... They are so far far apart.  The Christian agenda is also real JSD, It is to preserve the traditional moral values that made this Country great originally. The gay agenda is the exact opposite, to tear down the traditional values that once existed in this Country. Our respective goals are diametrically opposed to each other and that is what our problem is with what you represent as a community.   And I don't hate gay people at all. It's their lifestyle that is harmful and they themselves are victims of the sin of homosexuality just as society is a victim of their agenda.
Ah, traditional moral values, eh? Would that include treating women as property, witch-burnings, slavery, etc.? Because all of those were traditional moral values of this country originally, and all were supported by many Christians (hell, your bible was used to JUSTIFY all of these). And speaking of morality in the bible, should we go back to practicing infanticide, genocide (oh wait, we've already got Iraq), etc.? Cuz' all of those are moral values in your bible (if taken literally the way you seem to want to rather than a collection of myths and tales).  Keep it up, you just support my argument that you are a true reprobate who wouldn't know right from wrong if your life depended on it. You are so quick to accuse God of infanticide while not even realizing that you endorse 1.3 million of them per year in this Country alone. And as for genocide, you want us to pull out so the true mass murderers will be free to commit their genocide unchecked by our troops who are helping the good people of Iraq. But sadly, you are too blind and ignorant to support the liberators and condemn the Terrorists. Real moral of you.  The only ones tearing down values in this country are you and your fellow brand of christians. Just look around at all of the priests molesting children, the huge divorce rate (highest in the Bible belt), the complete denial of science, and I could go on and on - It is due to you and your heterosexist fellows.  Please do, because you haven't repeated the same old diatribe a complete thousand times yet. Come back when you have some relavent facts to throw at me because I'm not catholic, everyone gets divorced from all walks of life, we don't deny all types of science, just the fairy tales only XXXXXX cling to, so go on and on if you like because as usual, you're just spewing more dung.  First off, how is it harmful? Second off, it is your "God" that says it is a sin, and you have NO RIGHT to try to impose your "God's" homophobic demands on others who do not believe in him or those who do not believe in your particular brand of Christianity.  It's harmful because God said it is. He said it's an abomination and I'm sure the day will come when He will clarify his reasoning for you. And this is a debate board so I have every right to state my opinion here. But no where did I make any demands on anyone. It's just that the truth I speak so convicts your spirit and sears your conscience of how wrong the lifestyle is, you feel like I'm insisting that you stop it. But please post where I said anyone must stop any activity for any reason at all if you can.  Oh, and the only ones practicing indoctrination around here are you and your fellow "Christians". Believe me, I was once one of the victims of that indoctrination - luckily I escaped when I got into college and managed to save myself from your religion.  No, it's your side that doing the indoctrinating. And your doing it to helpless children like the philosophical cowards that you are would do. And I have a news flash for you, you can't save yourself and get to anywhere worth being. So delude yourself and good luck with your self imposed salvation. I wish you much luck with that. emoticon_xgood
However, for the most part, that bigotry is anything BUT harmless (as can be seen by the christonazi calls for amendments to deny gays equal rights as couples,  As usual you not only distort but outright lie about the facts of the issue at hand. It isn\'t Christians who are calling for amendments to deny Gays equal rights. We are fighting the extreme radical gay agenda which is calling for amendments to change Traditional Marriage from what it has historically been to a twisted perversion of its former self in order to satisfy their unnatural lifestyle.   Can you for once try to define an issue accurately without making it sound like you are being victimized by the Christians when it is you extreme radicals who are destroying the traditional American family ?
That seems to be your only answer, "because God said so". Any and all horrors can be and have been justified using that exact reasoning. Homophobia, heterosexism and the second-class exclusionary treatment and bias regarding gay people in how we live, act and express who we are is just another one of those otherwise unjustifiable things. "God says so", is never a good enough reason. God gave us the ability to increase our knowledge by asking questions and to learn when we make a mistake and reason when something we do is good, and he/she/it also gave us empathy, if you believe in God.  It's my only polite answer Jake. Just because I'm not laying out the disease ridden, plague infested consequences of the lifestyle you embrace, doesn't mean I can't. It's just that I don't want to be banned by specifically pointing out the full impact of the social negatives the Gay Community contributes to the World at Large, and what causes them. But you know what they are if you'll take your blinders off.  And remember this too. Because I understand that humanity is in a Spiritual Battle, I realize that gays are victims of the lifestyle just as Society at large which is being indoctrinated to accept it as normal is. emoticon_xdonno
Talk about blinders. Gayness and gay sex is both natural, normal, and equivalent to heterosexuality. If you do not see this you are the bind one. If you believe it is not that is your problem and you have no right to preach that it is wrong.  Yeah sure, in the mind of a reprobate it is. And I have every right to give my opinion about it Matt. Why is it that you Lefties who endorse free speech are so quick to try to silence all who dare to disagree with your warped view of reality ? You support it as long as everyone agrees with you, huh. Here, from the bible you refer to when it suits you.   Rom 1:28 And even as they did not like to retain God in [their] knowledge, God gave them over to a reprobate mind, to do those things which are not convenient;  2Ti 3:8 Now as Jannes and Jambres withstood Moses, so do these also resist the truth: men of corrupt minds, reprobate concerning the faith.  Tts 1:16 They profess that they know God; but in works they deny [him], being abominable, and disobedient, and unto every good work reprobate.
IMHO, an abomination is to live one's life in fear of dying so focused on man made gods and myths and legends that one cannot think for himself. Kinda like Archie's life as he portrays it here.  I look forward to going home samiinh, and to imply that I am motivated by fear rather than love for lost souls is to deny the true reality of what I represent. Just wait till you are facing death and see what true mind numbing, paralyzing fear is as you face an unknown eternity. It's ignorance that causes fear samiinh, not knowing exactly what is coming. My eternity is something I look forward to because I know what to expect.   So feel free to place me in the box of your limited understanding, but it is you who is deluded and deceived my lost friend.
 Look who's talking, Archie. Talk about a "warped view of reality," you and your man-made gods. LMAO. Too funny, too stupid.  It is your philosophy by which you live your life that is man-made samiinh. And it will survive only as long as your fleshly shell does. And I don't glory in the rude awakening that awaits you at all. I feel deeply for the the shock that you are in for when you finally realize the truth of what was made by God and Man in this creation. So mock Him, laugh at Him and me for following Him. You think you are belittling me but you're not. You're calling the living God a liar and a fraud. Do you comprehend that samiinh ? Do you understand the depth of your folly ?
If he weren't so tragic I'd start laughing. But sadly, it's all these people with Christ-Pathology can do... quote a bunch of babble verses. They hear logic.... have their compassion challenged... have their beliefs challenged... then their pathology kicks in.... "that does not compute... that does not compute.... must quote bible... quote bile." But, alas, it's pointless arguing with this type. They hate in the name of god's love. Have no clue that evil they're spewing. I'm afraid it would take years of deprogramming to help this sort. IMHO....  I'll give you a thousand years and you couldn't tear me from the God who died for all of our sins. But take your enlightened and superior stance as that is all you have, as temporary as it may be. emoticon_xgood
Why is it different simply because it is religion, jyoshu? By bias, I mean treating in a way you would not treat a heterosexual, in terms of a heterosexual's sexuality and how he or she expresses that; and not affording the gay sexuality in all of its aspects and expression the same acceptance or respect. None of it occurs in a vacuum, and it all has the affect of poisioning the social environment for gay people to some degree.   You see Jake, this is specifically where your sides bigotry and prejudice is so obvious to everyone but you. You accuse my defense of the bibles condemnation as a prejudiced bigotry focussed at Gays while accepting all manner of equal sins from straights. But I have made it a point in most every debate here to point out that God hates the fornication and adultery of straights as much as homosexuality.   I for one, have been very clear that it isn't the sinner but the sin that God hates and He hates it from all of us. God has no special hatred for gay people. But you don't want to hear that balanced condemnation of all sin. You prefer to be able to attack Christians who follow Gods Word as if we wrote His Laws that we live by. So try and be honest if you can and admit that just because we answer specific questions raised in the Gay Rights Forum on the subject of religion and the gay lifestyle that we're not condemning homosexuality at the exclusion of all straight sin, but just commenting on a particular subject at that time.
 But your god leaves no other paths for homosexuals to express their sexuality. Homosexuals in a committed monogamous relationship are just as sinful as homosexuals sodomizing 10 differnet partners a day. Homosexuals in your book have two options. One of them is celebacy and the other one is pretending to be a heterosexual. Neither one is acceptable, not from your god, nor on the lip service of any of his followers.   No gaetano, there is a third option. The same option believers accept when the Holy Spirit of God is received by them. And that is the supernatural healing of the predominant sins that also ruled our lives prior to receiving Christ. The whole message of the Gospel is that God and our salvation is greater than the sinful nature that holds the natural man captive and in its firm grip prior to receiving the Holy Spirit of God which heals us of all infirmities.   I have never sat here and implied that I am superior or better than anyone whom I point out is a victim of any sinful lifestyle. I have clearly said that I too am a sinner and was in tremendous need of His Spiritual healing as well as Gods GRACE and MERCY which I don't deserve but for the sacrifice of Christ on the Cross.  I am attacked for delivering a message of redemption for all people that simply must be accepted to be received. But with repentance which is required to receive salvation comes the turning away from sin which is precisely what the word REPENT means. To turn away from. So you all can shoot the messanger if you like. You can treat me as if I'm a hater of gays for all I care. But it is you who is twisting the true message that the bible has for all men.  And if the gay community wants to interpret it as a message of hate and condemnation rather than a message of forgiveness and healing, then I can't change that. But you should all know that by interpreting what a gracious and loving God has done for ALL OF US, as a condemning act, only causes them to condemn themselves and not the God they reject.  I get a real kick out of the mockery I receive for attesting to the fact that, as the unbelievers say it godditit. But that is exactly how it is regarding our Creation and salvation through Christs sacrifice on Calvary's Cross. God did do it all. And all we must do is receive it.
And the point you are seemingly incapable of understanding is that gay love is not the same as adultery or fornication. That's one reason I find your religion utterly and irredeemably reprehensible, and you can't complain. Since you hate my "lifestyle", even though you haven't a clue what it is, you can hardly complain about criticism of your Christianist lifestyle.  The point you are seemingly incapable of understanding is that to the AUTHOR OF LIFE Gay love is the same as fornication and Adultery and every other sexual perversion outlined in the bible. This isn't my beliefs, but His. You can find this irredeemingly reprehensible all you like but you are rejecting Gods truths not mine.   I'd be curious as to how someone like ArchAngel would handle the situation when his son or daughter comes to him and tells them that they are gay.  My daughters are 25 and 26 respectively, and just fine, thank you very much. But if one of them was gay, I would love her as much as the day she was born with no apprehension at all. And I would tell her the same thing I'm saying here, that the Holy Spirit can heal all iniquity within the heart of man. But you know what ? They both already know that because I raised them to know that God is always with them and today they walk with Him also.
a gracious and loving God has done for ALL OF US  Tell us why your god commits abominations like hurricanes, earthquakes, tsuanamis, global warming, genocide, wars and all the other horrible things that happen on earth, Mr. Archie. How can a loving god allow these things to happen? Why would he be more concerned about who gay people love than these awful things?   BECAUSE your "LOVING" god is a figment of your sick imagination.  You asked two different questions here and probably don't even know it or you wouldn't have asked as you did samiinh.  1) Tell us why your god commits abominations like hurricanes, earthquakes, tsuanamis, global warming, genocide, wars and all the other horrible things that happen on earth, Mr. Archie.   2) How can a loving god allow these things to happen?  Note the bolded. God doesn't commit these abominations samiinh but He does allow them to happen. The god of this World, the father of lies and the prince of darkness causes these things to happen. On the one hand he lies and deceives you into believing the various philosophies and beliefs in life as men do, and then he picks you off one by one or enmasse, whatever the case may be. But his motivation is cold blooded hatred for humanity which he vowed he would never serve before we were created, and his agenda consists of deceiving you into rejecting the God of life and accepting anything else at all.  Because he understands all too well that no matter what lie you've accepted is irrelavent to him, because you've rejected Gods truth, and only Gods truth will save you. And the enemy of God and Man knows that all too well samiinh. As I said earlier, Man is in a Spiritual Battle, and for those who don't even know they are fighting a War between Good and Evil in this World, have been destroyed without ever even putting up a fight. As to this question.  How can a loving god allow these things to happen? Why would he be more concerned about who gay people love than these awful things?    It isn't about who gay people love, it's about the unnatural act of same sex sex. According to His moral code it's wrong and harmful and results in spiritual rebellion against Him which the animosity against Him being expressed here is evidence of. If gay sex, like fornication, pedophelia and beastiality weren't harmful to us then God wouldn't have condemned these practices. He isn't a killjoy samiinh, He's a concerned parent who warns His children about the dangers of life just as all concerned parents do when raising their children in this World. Stop blaming God and start seeking to understand His truth and you'll find it's based in unconditional love and our best interest in all areas.
  Gaetano: But your god leaves no other paths for homosexuals to express their sexuality. Homosexuals in a committed monogamous relationship are just as sinful as homosexuals sodomizing 10 differnet partners a day. Homosexuals in your book have two options. One of them is celebacy and the other one is pretending to be a heterosexual. Neither one is acceptable, not from your god, nor on the lip service of any of his followers.  ARCHIE, a bit of friendly advice - work on some simple English comprehension skills, please. NONE of the below addresses the point of the paragragh you are responding to. (I have bolded it for you.) We already know you think your God thinks all sin is bad and that we can be saved. If you care to preach this, fine, do so. However, if you are going to quote someone in your poste you should respond to what they actually said. To do otherwise is rude and makes you look stupid.   Jito, may I suggest you do some serious work on your reading comprehension skills because I answered his question in the very first sentence of my response, and posted the # of the post so you can go back and see your original response at #105. But here was my answer again for you.    No gaetano, there is a third option. The same option believers accept when the Holy Spirit of God is received by them. And that is the supernatural healing of the predominant sins that also ruled our lives prior to receiving Christ.  I didn't realize I had to place every important point in bolded in order for it to be seen.
*sigh* We've been through this time and again. The claim that homosexuality is "unnatural" is completely untrue and fallacious. Homosexuality is natural, and gay sex is natural. In addition, gay sex is not harmful as you claim (you have not provided one whit of evidence to back up your claims - you know, the ones that compare gays to pedophiles and fornicators?) Get real, Archie  *sigh* Unfortunately, your opinion doesn't carry much weight as its coming from an atheist and a humanist. I mean, it isn't as if you're coming from a spiritual perspective now are you. But from the atheists and humanists perspective, you're absolutely right, nothing about being gay is unnatural or wrong to the Natural Man. But I'm coming at this from a spiritual perspective, something that is well beyond your comprehension.   It is the difference between spiritual light and spiritual darkness. They are different Worlds, one of life and one of death. In your world it is natural but in my World, it represents death, and if it matters at all to you, that is how God sees it also as it's He who condemned it, not I. So in the final analysis, how God sees it is all that will matter.
I, for one, really think you need to spend more time on your knees in prayer to your god/man asking him how to remove the log from your eye, Archie. Once you've accomplished that, then you should spend time on your knees thanking your man/god for helping you accomplish that.   That should take you the rest of your miserable life.emoticon_xgood   Practice what you preach samiinh. Because I already do what you suggest and you need it so very much yourself. And I say that with love my friend. I hope for the healing power of Gods love to pierce your soul and heal you of the sin that currently guides your life. And realize that I say nothing to marginalize you or to oppress you as a gay person. I am trying to show you another way of thinking and living, nothing more. And you have every right to reject my views and I wont hate you for it. I hope you don't mind if I pray for you though.
Oh, and by the way, it isn't just "atheists and humanists" that want the discrimination and hate toward gays to stop - it's other christians, Wiccans, Muslims, and people of every faith.  Oh really ? I'll make a challenge right here, right now to any gay on this forum. Go to Saudi Arabia on vacation with your S.O. and stand on any street corner in the center of Rhyad and make out for just 45 seconds at high noon, getting it on video of course. Any takers ? Who wants to test the religion of peace ? They would cut your heads off so quick your heads would spin as they hit the ground. Pun totally intended.   Homosexuality isn't allowed in Islam. Islam kills gay people as they are discovered. Christians don't condone or call for the death of gays, all we do is try to reach them with the gospel but we are hated while islam is defended as a misunderstood belief system. If you were any more sorry, I would feel pity for you you oreo, but I promise you this. You will receive more justice than is in your heart. More evidence that those enveloped in darkness hate the truth more than they hates those who will kill them.
First off, where did I say "Saudi Arabians?" We're talking about this country here Archangel, and there ARE muslims who want gays to have equal rights (ya think maybe, gay muslims? :xbanghead ). And yes, in liberal Islam, homosexuality is not treated the way you claim (Again, must you make everything about your hatred of Islam and yours and Bush's self-declared Jihad on every follower of Islam?)  I also notice you carefully avoided the part that said: Oh, and by the way, it isn't just "atheists and humanists" that want the discrimination and hate toward gays to stop - it's other christians, Wiccans, Muslims, and people of every faith.   You just had to seize on another chance for your Islamic hatred rant, didn't yah?  It's you that implied that muslims want the discrimination against gays to end. Well Saudi Arabia, Iran, Syria Libya and every other Islamic Country on Earth will kill gays just as soon as look that them so by what standard do you propose that they would suffer them in their communities ? And by suffer I mean welcome them in as equal members ?
Archie, dear, we are as aware of religious bigotry in Muslim nations are we are aware of it here. What does it prove that many -- not all -- Muslim nations are usually more violent than Western ones towards gay people? In Iraq, for example, under the US regime, gays are being executed solely because of their sexual orientation. Do we blame the Iraqi authorities or the US military ones?  Who is defending Islam? The point is most of us posting here probably live in the West, mostly in N. America or Europe, where a number of Christians STILL call for the execution of gays. Not the majority, nor the major churches, but there are Christians who do feel and preach that biblical penalties should be used against gay people.  The issue here is religious extremism, not whether the sects which call for extreme violence against gays are Christian or Muslim -- both are evil. The reason we focus on Christianity more is that Islamic extremists are presently far less of a problem for us in the West than Christian ones, because they are a tiny and relatively powerless minority. In the West, Christian anti-gay propaganda far outnumbers the Muslim equivalent, and it wasn't all that long ago that Christians were as violent towards gays as many Muslim sects are today. We needn't fear Islamist Sharia in the West, but we should be very wary of Christianist theocracy.  It might interest you to know there are also gay Muslim organisations in the West who are active against Islamic homophobia. Here's one in the UK. And here's an organisation in the US that has a progressive position on sexual orientation, though it isn't a specifically gay Muslim organisation. From their statement of principles: 4) We affirm the equal status and equal worth of all human beings, regardless of religion, gender, race, ethnicity, or sexual orientation. We oppose any restrictions on women's full participation in society and believe that separation and segregation of men and women is contrary to the equity among genders enshrined in the Quran. We endorse the human rights and liberties of lesbian, gay, bisexual and trans-sexual individuals. We believe that Muslim women and men, gay and straight, of all nationalities, ethnicities, and races should work together, shoulder-to-shoulder, in their effort to rejuvenate our community. Certainly not all Muslims or Islamic sects are as liberal and progressive, but it makes as little sense to be generically hostile to all Muslims as it is to be hostile to all Christians, simply because of the intolerant behaviour of many.  Sure, it's easy for moslem groups to create organizations in enlightened Western Europe and the US, where all Religions are respected for their diversity by the majority Christian population which respects human life, and doesn't condone killing anyone who's lifestyle opposes our religions beliefs. These same orgs though, don't have chapters in any fundamentalist Islamic Countries, of this you can be sure. Because those Countries don't care about human or civil rights. They treat gays like a cancer to be cut out of society, so posting the links of moslem organizations that exist here and in Europe is absolutely useless to making any point in defense of your stance at all.  The fact remains that Islam is a religion of hate that endorses killing all who reject it as a belief system. That is according to its founder Mohammed. Christianity is a true religion of Love, in that it doesn't promote violence against any who reject the teachings of Christ, and that is according to Christ's teachings. What liberals and humanists hate about Christians is our refusal to compromise our scripturally based moral values and accept blatantly sinful lifestyles as normal, natural and healthy for either individuals or our Society at large.
Nope, we hate the fact that you know nothing about other religions, yet you treat them as if Christianity is holier because, well, because it's your religion. Condescending? Check. Rational? Nooooooooo..  Right, and after 7 posts and 2 days on this forum, you know the depth of my knowledge regarding other religions, HOW ? Is this a new persona for an existing member again ? Another philosophical coward who lost all credibility so you felt the need to recreate yourself ?  If Christianity is the religion of love, then explain why throughout the ages so many millions have been murdered and slaughtered in its name? It is an evil institution created by men to control other men, and you Archie, are a good example of one who's been controlled by the evil demon of religion.  Please note the bolded:  Christianity is a true religion of Love, in that it doesn't promote violence against any who reject the teachings of Christ, and that is according to Christ's teachings.  I make no excuses for the sins of man or the crimes the church has committed in jesus name. I'm not now, nor have I ever been an apologist for the Church. But Jesus Gospel message of Salvation is a message of Love and acceptance. But before you jump on me for demanding that sinners change their lifestyles when receiving His gift of Salvation. Just remember that every time Jesus healed someone, or forgave their sins, He said, "Now Go And SIN No More". With forgiveness must come repentance, or the acceptance of His forgiveness isn't sincere or real. In other words, faith is followed by action. Without action the perceived faith is nothing more than lip service.  Mohammeds teaching though demand obedience under threat of torture or death. rejection of Islam is punishable by death. and these precepts were created by Islams founder Mohammed. That is pretty strong evidence that it's a religion of control and domination. One of forceful obedience, fear and hate. But never love or compassion for its fellow man. Deny it if you like but that doesn't change the reality of what it represents to the World at large.
Gaetano: Correction, irritated or bothered is a much more suitable term to explain the situation. The society at large is not yours to make judgement calls upon. Buy a compound and put up a fence and live your life to your hearts content and leave other people alone.  If this is true then neither do gays, liberals and secular humanists have the right to reshape our Society in their Godless image as they tear down the traditional moral infrastructure that served this nation so well for so long. If it applies for one side then it surely must apply for the other. But I'll be darned if we'll just lay down as you destroy the principles that this Country was built upon.
Well, Nancy, I know enough to boldly claim that with the quote in your profile that represents a diatribe towards atheism, not to mention that you are haughty enough to include your own personal quote in your profile, and yet you hypocritically accuse others of their diatribes (yes, I've been around long enough to witness that, and it only took a few days), that you have lost all credibility. Therefore, my previous statement stands.  Whew, that was easy!  My name is Ali, not Nancy, but you already knew that didn't you. You put on new handles like I change my socks. emoticon_xgood
Gaetano: I repeat the society at large is not yours to make judgement calls upon. Until secular humanists try to restrict your personal freedoms because you are a christian, as you people do because people are gay, then and only then do you have a say on what others SHOULDN'T be doing. One of the principles this country was built upon was the preservation of personal freedoms. One of the ways that is accomplished is by protecting the minority from the tyranny of the majority.  You just refuse to acknowledge that it is the extreme liberal left that is attempting to redefine the moral compass within this Country and it is that redefinition that the traditionalists are fighting. You are attempting to normalize that which is destructive to America in our opinion, and don't you dare imply that our opinion about what happens in our own Country doesn't matter anymore.
And you just refuse to acknowledge that your brand of religious extremism is losing ground as the center of the US realigns around a more just and liberal policy on gay citizens. Religious zealotry is what threatens to destroy American values, and you know what, a majority Americans have begun to realise it.  What is losing ground is peoples sensitivity to sin, to what is right and wrong. The loss of a moral compass is what is taking over the soul of America. The majority of Americans have given themselves over to these reprobate lusts, so don't think that because your kind of thinking will eventually win this battle of moral depravity in America that anything good or positive will come of it.   And BTW, you do not own the US exclusively. Gay Americans have rights there too, even though you theocrats would strip them of any if you could.  And neither does the small percentage of Gays who are attempting to force us to accept their unnatural lifestyle as normal and right in the US exclusively. Keep your lifestyle in your own bedroom where it belongs and you'll have no problem with us. Continue to try to force it on us in our schools and colleges and by changing laws to normalize it and we will continue to stand against your depravity.
Gaetano: Of course your opinion matters,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,in church. It has no place in a secular nation, when it seeks to limit the rights of a particular group of people. Who happen to be law abiding citizens that get taxed at the same rate you do pal. The fact that you read a book and decided it was the word of god has no bearing on anybody but you.  By the way, homosexuality is already normal, your refusal to acknowledge that is your problem. On the other hand you are attempting to normalize bigotry and ignorance. Now those two things are destructive to America. Many years ago there was a "moral compass" that made it okay to heard the American Indians onto reservations because we needed their land. That particular "moral compass" still hasn't been redefined. Then there was the "moral compass" that had no issue with slavery. That one was redefined. But there are still those who feel it shouldn't have been. The "moral compass" that kept women second class citizens with no right to vote, was redefined, and there are still those who feel it shouldn't have been. They also called themselves traditionalists, which is basically another term for mean-spirited ignorant ***holes. History shows us that the "moral compass" of this country has gone through more then one redefinition, and for good reason. Traditionists and the "moral compasses" they tie themselves to have a very bad track record for the promotion of human rights.  I dare you to blame the Christians for those injustices. Those were committed by our secular Government and in no way were committed in Gods name. They were motivated by greed, fear and a need to gain power as a Nation. But neither do they destroy or negate all of the good America has done for the rest of the World.  We are the Great Melting Pot because of the oppressed and abused peoples who have fled to our shores from every other Continent. But tell me gaetano, how many Americans a year flee from America in search of a better or more just life ? Only criminals and super rich liberals that's who.  So typically, Jitobear can love you and applaud you for pointing out the few blemishes in America's past but I condemn you for not also pointing out the good we have done and the light we have shined on the World as the beacon of truth and Justice that we were. Remember this gaetano, not only Christians have come to America seeking religious freedom, but people of every belief system have come here knowing that finally they could worship the God of their choice, or no God at all without fear of punishment or oppression from this Government.   I truly pity the shallowness of your World view gaetano. The way you people (The Natural Man)can pick and choose that which you will remember in forming your opinions about right and wrong. considering only what suits you as convenient based on your personal comforts zone in establishing a moral center. You prove you have no absolute truth in which to rely as you make moral judgments in your life.   You are like ships with no rudders as you steer through life with no moral or ethical direction or destination in mind at all. Judge me as harshly as you like, but at least I know where I'm going because I know where I've been. And I've been where you are so I know the futility of your perspective.
 but condemning gays is pretty depraved. It's your religion that's the problem, mate.  I condemn homosexuality, not the homosexual. And I will repeat this as many times as you lie about my beliefs. It is the homosexual that will condemn himself before God by not repenting of his sinful lifestyle. And that isn't my opinion, it's what the word of God says. Just as the straight fornicator will receive the same end. God is not a respecter of men and will judge all righteously.
I condemn religion for the evil and poison that it has perpetrated on humanity.  Of course you do. That is why my heart breaks for you. To you, good is evil and evil is good. That is the definition of a reprobate mind samiinh. You are totally unable to discern the truth from a lie. emoticon_cry
Brigid, your talking to a wall here. He read a book at that's that. He doesn't care about you nor I.  You see, this is where you completely misread my intent. If I didn't care about gays I would be silent about the truth I know and just massage your egos with nice accepting platitudes like the rest of the humanists do whom you think accept you with open arms. But even though I know you don't appreciate it, I'm loving you more than any other person who accepts your lifestyle without question by telling you the truth that leads to eternal life. You may hate me for it robbie, but my motivation isn't to hurt but to save. The day will come when you will all realize exactly who in this life loved you with a truth that hurt at the time, but led to life. And they were the ones you wrongly resented the most.
And the day you will come when you find out that you were wrong. What will you say when asked about your crimes?  I have already said it Matt. Lord forgive me for I am a sinner who has offended you by my actions. I accept the sacrifice Jesus made on the Cross to redeem me and I receive your Holy Spirit as my teacher and guide through this life. Thank you Father, I praise you for first loving me, then receiving me as your child. Amen...  You see Matt, if one waits till they get there, they've waited too long. emoticon_xangel
Do you ever consider the feelings and sensibilities of the receiver of your "love"? If you really cared about them and truly wanted to be heard (so that you might help), you might consider tempering your communication so it is more effective. The fact that you do not, suggests that you are considering you own needs over that of the person you are ostensibly trying to help. Perhaps your personal motivation for your behavior is not the only thing you should consider.   That is why no one believes the things you are saying above.   I am certain you will not address this directly.  You don't leave a lot of room for disagreement moose. All one must do to get pounced on by you all as a group is to say we disagree with the lifestyle and we are immediately attacked as christianistas/christers/christianists bigots. homophobic haters who want to oppress and destroy you. But none of what you accuse me of being is true which is why it rolls of me like water off a duck.  And I realize my truth is hard and painful to receive but it is spoken in love and out of an eternal concern for you. If what i believe is true, and it is; and I really felt about gays as you say I do, then why would I tell you about the good news of salvation in the hope of spending eternity with you ? Explain that if you can.
Oh quit over-reacting. First of all - maybe you should watch it before judging it. From my reading, it sounds like a series about how three different religious groups are working to influence their societies and governments. Nowhere is it saying that US fundamentalist Christians practice terrorism like some radical Muslims. The ad for the program even makes a distinction between most Muslims and the radical ones.There are many *cough, cough Samiinh cough, hack, wheeze* who would lump Evangelicals in with terrorists.
I would call those "christians" who threaten family planning clinics, or threaten doctors who practice as such clinics, or those who attend funerals of dead soldiers to protest homosexuality in America, or who preach hate and death on "christian radio and tv" are TERRORISTS no different than terrorists in the middle east. If the shoe fits, Bassman, wear it. Generalize much there Samiinh??
But there seem to be so darn many of them, everywhere you look among the religious right. Why is that? Can't they go out and recruit people with IQs somewhat above room temperature?  Your anti-Christian hate speech doesn't bode well for your side.   Where's your vaunted liberal "tolerance" and "inclusiveness"?
It is perfectly acceptable to be intolerant of intolerance.   Well do be consistent, then, and show us your tolerance for murdering pedophiles, thieves, rapists, etc., etc. You wouldn't want to be "intolerant" of their criminal activities, would you now?   emoticon_xgood
It's been a while, so I don't remember. Are we supposed to believe that your comparing gays to murders isn't supposed to show that you hate gays? Or do you admit that you do? I just would like to know where you claim to stand.  There's no comparing gays to murderers in anything I wrote, Kronus. That's your creation and attempt to belittle. The discussion was on TOLERANCE AND INTOLERANCE.   The quote I was responding to was: "It is perfectly acceptable to be intolerant of intolerance." Get the drift now?
Sometimes the christianist love just makes you want to puke.  As the Bible says, "Love does not rejoice in iniquity."
I agree, the type of christianist love we experience here is an iniquity.  Next time you're down and out, then, try finding a BITTER ATHEIST'S HOMELESS SHELTER.
What then should we do about so-called "tough love" professed by many Christian zealots, the love that goes about bashing gay people? That's pretty iniquitous, yet they rejoice in it, to the extent anyone can rejoice in physical or spiritual violence.  I don't know any like that in my circles. In fact, I don't know of any churches around here like that. Saying, as the Bible states, that gay sex is a sin isn't 'bashing' anyone. Anyone who thinks it is is deluded.  But turning the tables on you for a moment, there's a whole bunch of anti-Biblical pro-gay-sex zealots around engaging in hate-filled Christian bashing. Is that the kind of "tough love" you support?   Is trying to turn unrepentant gay sex sinners from the pit of hell hateful? Hardly. But pretending to be their friends and slapping them on their backs telling them they've done nothing wrong while they likely go down to perdition is hardly being a loving friend. With friends like that who needs enemies?
 On the contrary. It's highly offensive and arguably malicious to boot. It is spiritual gay-bashing, and it feeds and condones physical gay-bashing. Religious fanatics need to be confronted with the utter bogosity of their claims against gay human beings, because of the harm they cause.  I disagree.   From Ezekiel 33: When I say to the wicked, 'O wicked man, you will surely die,' and you do not speak out to dissuade him from his ways, that wicked man will die for his sin, and I will hold you accountable for his blood. But if you do warn the wicked man to turn from his ways and he does not do so, he will die for his sin, but you will have saved yourself.   Projecting your own feelings about gay rights supporters on them, are you? All we can do is point out that many hate filled bigots who rant against gay human beings are Christian. Not all Christians fall into this iniquity. Satisfied?  Will you be satisfied when people wind up in Hades because you chose today's political correctness over God's Word? That's a hefty price to pay.  Since gay sex is no sin, it's hateful to call it one.  Yep, it's a sin. But feel free to believe as you will anyway.  Rest assured, we do not consider the sort of Christians who go around bashing gays our friends. They send themselves to the perdition they wish on us.  Nuts. If John the Baptist can call out King Herod for his adultery in hopes he'll turn from his sin, then doing the same thing around here is not much different.
You know, sleezey....,   Ah yes, the typical ad hominem approach to try to make you feel better about yourself. Not a good plan, Stan.    this is not going to help your cause. Why you feel the need for a cause is anybody's guess. What's missing in your life? Why do you feel the need to be a zealot?  What's a zealot? Someone who believes in God more than you do, that's all. I'll go with the Word of God and you can make your cause the latest political correctness.
 Wow - you really are a nice guy. A good friend. Would that all my straight Christian friends behave like you - shake their fingers in my face, remind me that I'm going to hell for my actions. Yessirree, I can see you as an effective friend. Thank you.  If (and I say "If") you wind up in hell it won't be because of me, but because you choose to fight against God.      Better yet, you seem to have a direct route to your God's wishes and desires - can you ask him to join our conversation and enlighten us?   You wouldn't believe him either.   And if no one else has thanked you today: thank you for telling me that I'm going to hell. You are one great friend!  Like I said, if (and I say "If") you wind up in hell it won't be because of me, but because you choose to fight against God.
Wrong. You're badly misinformed.
Wow, Easyrider. You just totally convinced me with that. You've opened my eyes to the Truth. My life will forever be changed. I'm going out now to sell all I own and go and bow down and worship a glorified faith-healer who has been taken and made a mythical deity for a religion that for a large part follows (and in many cases worships) an outdated book written by a Bronze-Iron age people...  I would think you'd welcome some Bronze-Iron age immorality since today's San Francisco variety of moral hedonism is just the same thing warmed over.     - and much of that book being copied from older myths (mainly from Babylonian - Gilgamesh, etc.), and traditions taken from earlier religions (Zoastrianism, etc.).  <chuckle<   They most likely got the story from Noah's descendants and ad-libbed it.
Enjoy. :) Some people are XXXXXX http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gm9mq3ORpX4&mode=related&search=  According to these XXXXXX gay people are responsible for ruining the economy, go figure?emoticon_confused  Yes, they are correct. They are also responsible for the various other things like the recent Minnesota bridge collapse, HurricaneKatrina, and many other things. God is punishing his messed-up nation, trying to get us to move from our moral corruption and perversion.
Whoa there, fella. Are you being serious??  Yes, deadly serious. Why would I joke around on something so serious and grave as this? emoticon_wow
emoticon_frazzled So .... you actually think the collapse of the Minnesota bridge is because of gay marriage???   Unbelievable. emoticon_xdonno  Yes, I do. Many of the ones in the ollapse were likely gays. emoticon_xkill   It is God's judgement to get us to wake up and see the moral depravity that people are attempting to get us to sink to.
Fred Phelps has joined the forum!  Edo, it is abundantly clear how concerned you are about your credibility, when considering your addition of this statement to your previously rather notable track record.  I don't know who Fred Phelps is.  Thank you for the compliment at the end though.
And I suppose they are also responsible for the evolution of utterly insane mental cases such as yourself?  Personal attack. And no, evolution is a firy tale.  And for electing GBII.  No, God is responsible for GBII election - he has done so much for this country to try to get us back on moral track  And for Saddam Hussein.  No, that is from the murderous religion Islam.  And for the drought in the South currently. No, that is because the courts let the Darwiniacs win in Alabama and not let the stickers be put in the books.   And for cancer  No, that is just sin in general  and AIDS.  Of course. Look at who spread AIDS to everyone - gays. Look at who had it first - gays (first one was from a man who did beastiality in Africa)  And heck why stop there why not for the Devil himself. No, the Devil fell on his own, he didn't need gays to help him.   All those sodomites must have become the original demons in hell I suppose.emoticon_xbouncer   No, although they are in hell. The original demons are Satan and his fallen angels.
Hmm ... Are you a gay rights proponent spoofing as a fundie here? Because you're like, the perfect fit for the typical stereotypes that some of them spread. It's almost too conveniently close of a fit. If you aren't, then I'd have to say you're by far the first person I've run into here in the whole time I've been posting that I'd really call a true fundamentalist, measuring up to the stereotypes. I seriously wonder if you're making this stuff up.  I am making nothing up. ARE YOU CALLING ME A LIAR!?! That is a personal attack if you are. emoticon_angry emoticon_mademoticon_angry emoticon_mad
Gays everywhere are lobbying for "their right to adopt". The "rights" that are missing from this discourse are of course the rights of the child, the adoptee!  No child should be enslaved in a homosexual 'family' simply because gays say its their right to adopt a voiceless and defenseless child!   The rights of a child are paramount, period.
From what I've read, gay families tend to adopt the children of abusive heterosexuals who aren't fit to be parents. Who will protect children from heterosexual child abuse? Not homophobic bigots, that's for sure.  beat a child black and blue, but never ever perpetuate the meanest abuse of them all, abandon him to homosexuality!   And, who is to say homosexual couples aren't as physically not to mention sexually abusive against children!
The most anti-family people I've come across are those who beat their breasts, demonise gays, and pretend they are "for families". They don't give a damn about children, all they care about is their homophobic religion.  along with the OTHERS, the point has been missed, gays whine for the RIGHT to adopt children to the exclusion of the RIGHT of children to be nurtured by heterosexual couples or individuals, adopted children who will otherwise be raised in an overwhelming and natural world of heterosexuality
Would you prefer the children have the right to not have a family?  Oops! Silly me. Of course you would. Your opening posts says it all.  What makes you think the adopted child of a homosexual partnership would be enslaved, any more than that of a heterosexual couple? Rather emotive language from someone who offers no evidence.  I agree that no-one has the right to adopt (gay or straight). However, everyone should have the right to put themselves up as adoptive parents. There are too few loving families out there prepared to adopt a homeless child. To exclude a significant proportion of them because of your prejudice is just plain stupid, and does the adoptee no favours at all.  Smiley   you are confusing "prejudice" with biology. Nature, not 'bigots', dictated mixed couples or groups procreate and nurture children. All the political correct whining in the 'world' will NEVER change this biological fact.  Children are not and should never be the experimental playthings of people who choose or who are genetically altered to defy nature.
Methinks someone has fondled the troll.  funny claim from a simian
  Your claim that gay people argue for the "right" to adopt children is simply untrue. I have never heard any adoptive parent, gay or heterosexual, claim that adopting is a right.    I standby this claim: gays do lobby for a 'right' to adopt children - do a simple google news search.   Gay adoption naturally follows gay marriage, gay marriage is for me a non-issue, however the experimenting with society's most vulnerable, orphaned or abused children is outrageous.  Placing children with gay couples is not much different than placing them in the custody of pedophiles, that is, although a gay couple may mimic the duties of excellent caring parent/s, the morally corrupting and socially destructive influence for the 'guinea pig' (child) of same sex 'parents' is unavoidable.   The subject child would be raised in a REAL heterosexual world by homosexual carers - this does not make for a healthy and happy upbringing. Worse, it is absolutely unnecessary, being that there are many more heterosexual couples qualified to adopt vulnerable children.
  So claimeth the troll. Proven wrong by NUMEROUS research articles. http://www.apa.org/pi/l&gref.html   typical strategy of the gay movement when challenged, resort to name calling "trolls" bigot etc, - project this form of abusive behavior on the adopted child who rebels against his gay 'carers' once he understands the reality of a heterosexual world.   Placing children with gay couples is unnecessary and harmful - if group homes are the only alternative then it is argued such environments are more healthy and indeed normal than farming kids out to gays
s.  The "right" would belong to the child to decide who HE/SHE wants, and it would be a bigger usurpment of this right of the child to DENY the child the option of gay parents than it is to present him with the option.  How does a child, infant, assert his right to be placed with gays, as opposed to being reared in a heterosexual environment?  the gay lobby are indeed eloquent and persistent, (admirable qualities, imagine if they applied the same fervor to the 'democratic' scourge of homelessness and dispossession) but ironically like their rightwing opponents, beyond the words, they lack substance when examined closely.  No child who cannot give informed consent (16 yrs and over) should be subjected to a homosexual environment for want of a home - this is abuse, this is about the fabricated rights of gays subordinating the inalienable rights of the child to be reared in a normal nurturing environment free from the biological, social and psychological aberration of homosexuality
We will always have malicious, homophobic bigots among us who have nothing better to do with their ample time than troll. Best to ignore them and let them give their religion a bad name.  name calling again, does this mean the gay brigade concede in this debate, because they are unable to demonstrate why civil society should allow children to be raised in a social, psychological and biological aberrant environment.  All so typical, when ever posts go against the political correct curent they are immediately identified as trolling  your violent objections cannot change the biological reality of anti-nature!
I think each adoption case is different. Studies will only show the risks to children on broad range not individual cases. There are studies that show against gay adoption and studies for gay adoption and to see truth in only one study and not the opposing study is naive I don't doubt that two dads or two moms could be good parents even better than some strait parents. The same goes with a single parent gay or straight it's all risk assessment. Say the couple adopting is overweight, Can they promote healthy eating and exercise for the child? Studies say no. Can a single parent applicant working 9 to 5 give their child enough action? Studies say no. Studies also show that 60% adoptive children in a same sex two parent home will be teased or harassed by their peers for their same sex parents. Gay applicants should take this in to consideration when deciding to adopt whether they choose to agree with the study or not. Are you willing to weigh risks of a Childs mental status to become a parent? Gay applicants may say and believe they will raise their child objectively to sexual preference, but this may not be the case a Childs mind is very simple. Children with racist parents will most likely grow up to be racist not because or she is taught racism but because it is observed in his or her family. So even if you are promoting choice you maybe eliminating choice or unintentionally favoring one side. In almost all heterosexual households they do not promote sexual choice they just assume there child is heterosexual and the likely hood of their child becoming gay or lesbian is relatively low this is due to fact the child has a more objective view. I believe all applicants gay strait or single should be placed under the same microscope. Gay applicants or gay advocates should never use an abusive or neglectful home as a measuring point this is just fighting for the right to adopt and is clearly not a fight for the Childs best interest which is the most important. if you firmly believe that the child has the best chance with you and not another applicant after reviewing the risks you bring to the adoption and remember if the studied you choose to side with shows in favor of your sexual preference i.e. 50/50 chance remember that those statistics are not numbers they are children lives even if the numbers are 80 percent in your favor there still a 20 percent chance it's not going to be in the Childs general welfare. Whether you like it or not gay applicants and single parents bring a different risk assessment to the table on top of what the risks heterosexual couples bring to the table. Every tree has some bad apples some trees have more than others do cut down that tree or do you just pick the good ones.
http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/1417036/posts  http://www.boston.com/jobs/news/articles/2006/03/26/same_sex_couples_face_unique_adoption_hurdles/  http://www.associatedcontent.com/article/74047/gay_adoption_and_america.html?page=2  http://www.worldnetdaily.com/news/article.asp?ARTICLE_ID=49434  http://www.narth.com/docs/rekers.html
I did not say I was against gay adoption I simply explained how case workers use risk assessment approving applicants. Just because you answer negatively on one or more assessments does not mean your application will be denied. I used this primarily from firsthand experience. My sister, who had ovarian cancer at 17 both were removed, adopted two siblings a boy and a girl there mother died of an overdose. I was on the application as one of the secondary care givers (baby sitter) and was also a reference I met with the case worker multiple times. My sister and I did allot of research together and I was very much involved in the whole process and I know a good amount of first hand knowledge of how it works. I can tell you that my sister was happily married for three years when she filed her adoption application this reflected negatively as most marriages end within 7 years. She also had cancer 13 years prior although it has never come back and she has regular checkups to make sure this still reflected negatively on that question of the risk assessment.    As for the article in Spain the study was proven to be done by known gay rights activist and possibly doctored they ordered the study to be reviewed by a neutral party of social workers, doctors and psychologist not the pope And they fund a greater overall risk to the Childs welfare other than sexual orientation and sexual abuse. Such as opportunity, mental health, drug usage, promiscuity and social life they did not find all gay parents to be unsuitable. They simply found a different risk assessment. While some states choose to eliminate gays from adoption for those reasons other states just add it to their risk assessments.  You simply choose to believe that only gay and gay rights activist are right on gay subjects because that's what you want to hear. Any one not in this group writes or says anything about gays it's automatically religiously or homophobic-ly motivated and untrue.  For instance it a little off topic but it's the best thing I can think of that affects me on a personal level and my race so please bare with me and try not to laugh. British biologist studies show that the average Irish male has a smaller than average penis when compared to men other European countries. Now I'm Irish and the statistic includes all Irish men as a whole not as individuals this is clearly and obviously something I don't want to hear or be associated with.  (1) I could personally discredit the study by saying it was done by the British and there just out to get me and my kind and make his race look better and more attractive.  (2) I could search the internet for a study that says Irishmen have average to above average size penis that is written by a Irish men and choose to believe that one even know he may have doctored the results or prescreened individuals before including them in the study and only did the study to discredit the British study.   (3) I could search the internet for multiple Irishmen that publicly admit they have small penis (which no one does) and use this as proof in my argument because no one would be able to prove me otherwise.   (4)  I could Refuse any such statistic exist    (5) I could choose to except that the British study was performed in a neutral and scientific environment for scientific purposes and not to personally attack me and my race and although I may or may not have a small or below average size penis statistically other people in my race do. After using reason and logic I chose this one   To explain it more clearly on an equally controversial risk assessment there is a question on adoption application asking the religion of the applicant while Christians and atheist maybe be neutral on the risk assessment. Muslims will reflect negatively as there women have more restrictions and stricter rules to follow and are generally placed lower in social family order . As opposed to Muslim men are generally taught they are superior to women and other religions this is not true for every Muslim family. An applicant will most likely not be denied for this one reason this is just one example as I'm sure there screening for cults and much more radical religions as well. Different cultures, sex, marital status, religions, sexual orientations all have different risk assessments associated with them and as you said adoption is not a right it's a privilege. Adoption agencies do not have to adhere to civil rights or even the constitution (it clearly states not to be judged by creed) when finding a place for a child that's the only life they need to worry about. So even if your state or country allows gays to adoption risk assessments will still play a vital role.   There are so many different phases to the adoption process there are applications, paperwork, a number of interviews with you and your family extended family and references too, they have you take medical exams do blood work, have you meet with child psychologist, have you take parenting classes, have you meet with possible a adoptable children, each are designed to eliminate bad, unfit, unsuitable and questionable candidates whether there heterosexual or homosexual. They also make the process very long to discourage "impulse parents" as these don't normally work out. Risk assessment is just one of the many phases of the process  further more a case worker can be arrested and found criminally liable for knowingly or unknowingly placing a child in a "bad home" even if the applicant passes the risk assessment so to ignoring lower scoring risk assessment would not be wise for them or the child although this is usually only the case in a abusive situation but this does happen a case worker told me this. So ultimately it there decisions not your negotiations. If ANYONE chooses to falsify ANY information ASKED such as lying about your sexual orientation or hiding a second parent whether it be same sex or opposite or knowingly falsify ANY other questions asked on your application it will become VOID as NONE of the answers can be creditable on the application nor any future adoption application and any re-adoption efforts you will be arrested, your child will be taken, you will be barred from any child adoption process in the U.S. , face charges of perjury and or child endangerment and may face expensive fines and jail time. no one wins when this happens and it does happen.   I am NOT against discriminating all gay parents from the adoption process!!!
God says in the bible that he made man and woman to be together anyways and what is also said is that homosexuals would be stoned to death as well as women and men commiting adultery. what's going on is many people claim gay adoptees assault their adopted kids. i don't know that for a fact but it is said over and over again to me emoticon_xbouncer
Dear me. Are you a Christian? Have you ever heard of the Roman Catholic church or the Southern Baptist Convention? Christians condemn gays to hell every day. Maybe not every pulpit gets hysterical about it on a Sunday basis, but they do often enough to cause major damage.    Oy. So your particular pastor isn't fixated on homosexuals. Many Christian pastors are. Many Christian pastors are self-loathing homosexuals.    Sweetie, I've never moved the goalposts. Disapproval in the Christian religion IS a condemnation to hell. Or aren't you a Christian? When Christians "disapprove religiously" they condemn to hell. That's what being Christian is all about.    Nope. Christian churches smooth the way for bullies. They love doing it, too.    Christian rhetoric is violent rhetoric. You people are militant and obnoxious. You are to blame, and I blame you. If you were tolerant, your pulpits wouldn't preach anti-homosexual propaganda. Maybe your pulpit finds better things to do, though I've never heard your pastor, but there are plenty of other Christian pulpits that gleefully hurl out fire and brimstone. That is your religion. That is your apologetics.  This is your god speaking, and that's why I can't in reason believe in it. It's insane.   please follow this link maybe what you find might surprise you notice all the predominately Christian countries are some shade of green, but look at some of the none Christian countries. hmmmm seems we might not be the the big problem.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image:World_homosexuality_laws.svg
My dear, Christians can be just as evil as Muslims. It's their religion that made them do it. Homophobic bigotry is what religion specialises in.  How sad it is to live in such complete and all encompassing ignorance of what is good and righteous in this World of spiritual darkness lesz. I truly have empathy for you, and sympathy too, but never do I wish you harm nor do I feel any hatred for any gay people. If only you could see that homosexuality is an affliction that brings along with it hatred for anyone who opposes it. That is the source of your anti-christian sentiments. Because I know that Jesus loves you as much as He loves me lesz. We were both made in Gods image.
My dear, Christians can be just as evil as Muslims. It's their religion that made them do it. Homophobic bigotry is what religion specialises in.  now wait i just made a strong point and you brushed it off to continue blaming Christians. now i agree that one person of one faith can be just as evil as another. but while some countries put gays on death row, Christian societies just puts gay people in a lower social order. so who is the real bully? most if not all Christians are taught that being gay is immoral and sinful i will admit that loud and clear but even if you take every god and religion completly out of the picture its still not normal the long established social norm being heterosexual. its unnatural humans have male and female reproductive organs which are to be used on the opposite sex. so homosexuals are being looked down on and excluded by society not just religion.
Do I understand that you are arguing that it is ok to treat them as second-class citizens, because "other people/religions" treat them even less well? emoticon_rolleyes   im not sure you understand anything at all?   please show me where i wrote  " is ok to treat them as second-class citizens, because "other people/religions" treat them even less well"
You're claiming again that homosexuality is "unnatural", despite it being shown that it is quite common in animals. Also, you should read up about sexual practices in different cultures over the centuries. Homosexuality has not always been villified. It was actually quite common in many cultures for many many century.  i maintain its unnatural maybe you skipped human biology/psychology the rectum is filled with the most vile bacteria wich surely cuased the death of many of those people.
Here. Or did you not understand what you wrote?  i assume you read the attached link if not its below. i pointed out that Christian countries are much more merciful compared to other none Christian countries   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image:World_homosexuality_laws.svg
I can't help but notice you did not in any way address my post. Would you like to try again?  i answered the quoted portion of your post i do recall seeing some other questions not relevant to the topic? emoticon_xbye  i suggest if you wish to engage in conversation you use the pm option.
If the christianists are dead set against we gay people getting married then I say lets let them keep marriage. Lets go on the attack and attempt to destroy christainist hetero marriages.  We gay men need to suduce the men and the lesbians need to suduce the women. Lets see if we can drive those divorce rates up to 60%, 75%, or even 90%.   it just goes to show that you don't want to marry you only won't to destroy the meaning of the word.emoticon_rolleyes
 We gay men need to suduce the men and the lesbians need to suduce the women. Lets see if we can drive those divorce rates up to 60%, 75%, or even 90%.  Very interesting Matt. A little confused are you? What on earth makes you think that a gay men could succeed in seducing a straight man, and a lesbian could seduce a straight woman.  Of course there always are exceptions. Some people will do anything for money.
Because the gay personals are full of married straight men looking for discrete gay sex  Why am I not surprised that you, a homosexual who's in an allegedly committed relationship with a long time partner, is also trolling the gay personals.
  We gay men need to suduce the men and the lesbians need to suduce the women. Lets see if we can drive those divorce rates up to 60%, 75%, or even 90%.  Very interesting Matt. A little confused are you? What on earth makes you think that a gay men could succeed in seducing a straight man, and a lesbian could seduce a straight woman.  Because the gay personals are full of married straight men looking for discrete gay sex  Why am I not surprised that you, a homosexual who's in an allegedly committed relationship with a long time partner, is also trolling the gay personals.  How do you know the personals aren't the way he found his partner? It's a known fact in the gay community in general, and quite logical, that straight identified or closeted men would use such anonymous means to address their sexual frustrations. But of course you operate under the assumption that gay people are dirty devils, and put the onus on us to prove we are not. Your invisible sky residing friend told you so.  That's simple Jake, just read the flow of the disgusting premise of Matthew's thread. And he wasn't referring to the gay personals as a "find a buddy" source but a source of depraved and illicit debauchery and sex. And he say's very clearly in the quoted post above that he is very aware of what is in the gay personals. I can attest that people in committed relationships that I know, don't troll the personal adds looking for any kind of illicit sex. It just isn't done by truly monogamous people.
Why am I not surprised that you resort to vile ad homs when you cannot find logic for your POV?  Incredible! Why am I not surprised at all, that you consider my pointing out that a person in an allegedly committed relationship who is trolling the personals for sex partners, but I am resorting to vile ad homs. You are just like Matt in that you don't even realize that in almost every post you write you expose how utterly reprobate your moral standards are. emoticon_xgood emoticon_wow
It doesn't make any difference to you, committed, monogamous, or promiscuous, because it's gay. The homosexuality is what's hated. Your ilk ban gay people from the opportunity of marriage, then hate us because we're not acting married. In fact, any social support for our relationships, such as that taken for granted by heterosexual partners, is opposed, on the basis of mind-readings from an imaginary friend in the sky. It shouldn't be surprising if some gay people operate outside of the bourgeois mainstream, when not welcomed into it.  You continue to ignore the fact that your cohort Matthew isn't the least bit ashamed to start sexually suggestive threads like this one http://www.4forums.com/political/showthread.php?p=298988#post298988 which is the premise for this thread. So don't blame me when it's members of your community who think they can gain political clout by seducing straight people sexually in order to destroy the institution of marriage.   It is Matthew who suggested using sex as a tool as some whoremonger would, and it is Matthew who said he trolls the gay personals even though he also claims to be in a committed relationship. So it isn't straights like me who propagate the appearance of promiscuity in your community, we just assume it based on what your community puts out there. And your tiny minority puts plenty out there to assume it from.
One can only wonder why archie is so outraged by the concept of two people of the same gender marrying.  If he/she is secure in his/her marriage, there should be no threat at all.  The thought of my sister-in-law marrying her female love interest does not threaten my marriage to her sister in the least.  The thought of my attorney marrying his male love interest also is not a threat to my marriage.  Why complain when you have no skin in the game?  How many times must I answer this before you will stop repeating the same ignorant question? I oppose it because same gender sex is unnatural, abnormal, morally corrupt and wrong for humanity and is ultimately self destructive to its practitioners. So although it isn't a threat to my marriage directly, it is a threat to traditional marriage. That you can't see that speaks volumes about your spiritual insight.
How do you know the personals aren't the way he found his partner? It's a known fact in the gay community in general, and quite logical, that straight identified or closeted men would use such anonymous means to address their sexual frustrations. But of course you operate under the assumption that gay people are dirty devils, and put the onus on us to prove we are not. Your invisible sky residing friend told you so.  That's simple Jake, just read the flow of the disgusting premise of Matthew's thread. And he wasn't referring to the gay personals as a "find a buddy" source but a source of depraved and illicit debauchery and sex. And he say's very clearly in the quoted post above that he is very aware of what is in the gay personals. I can attest that people in committed relationships that I know, don't troll the personal adds looking for any kind of illicit sex. It just isn't done by truly monogamous people.  It doesn't make any difference to you, committed, monogamous, or promiscuous, because it's gay. The homosexuality is what's hated. Your ilk ban gay people from the opportunity of marriage, then hate us because we're not acting married. In fact, any social support for our relationships, such as that taken for granted by heterosexual partners, is opposed, on the basis of mind-readings from an imaginary friend in the sky. It shouldn't be surprising if some gay people operate outside of the bourgeois mainstream, when not welcomed into it.  You continue to ignore the fact that your cohort Matthew isn't the least bit ashamed to start sexually suggestive threads like this one http://www.4forums.com/political/showthread.php?p=298988#post298988 which is the premise for this thread. So don't blame me when it's members of your community who think they can gain political clout by seducing straight people sexually in order to destroy the institution of marriage.   It is Matthew who suggested using sex as a tool as some whoremonger would, and it is Matthew who said he trolls the gay personals even though he also claims to be in a committed relationship. So it isn't straights like me who propagate the appearance of promiscuity in your community, we just assume it based on what your community puts out there. And your tiny minority puts plenty out there to assume it from.
What about straight porn?  There is a lot out there, should we use that as a way to judge the 'straight community'?  When did I bring up porn at all? And why are you going so far off topic from the point I was making about the premise of this thread? And let's say I was condemning gay porn anywhere in this thread, would that mean I was therefore condoning straight porn? Really, BBS, what kind of rational debating style is that?  I think us straights are doing a good job in destroying marriage(divorce rates) without any help from the gay community.  I agree, so we don't need any help by redefining it so as to allow any tom, dick or harry to marry each other now also. Pun intended!!! emoticon_rolleyes
Im a born again christian, but I will also be the first one to admit that a lot of christians are not following the teachings they claim to believe in. As far as gay marriages and gay relationships go, I do not support them, but I also dont judge the gay individual. I can say what I think gays do is wrong, but if I started saying that all gays are going to hell or anything like that, I have then passed judgement, and God would in turn pass equal judgement on me. I believe being gay is wrong, and as far as how I am supposed to answer the issue of gay marriage, do I think it should be legal or not, I guess I would say the bibles definition of marriage is a union between a man and a woman, not a union of two like genders, so I would have to say no, I dont support laws allowing gay marriages. Just because our society accepts something does not mean it is right, weather you are gay or strait either one.
Im a born again christian, but I will also be the first one to admit that a lot of christians are not following the teachings they claim to believe in. As far as gay marriages and gay relationships go, I do not support them, but I also dont judge the gay individual. I can say what I think gays do is wrong, but if I started saying that all gays are going to hell or anything like that, I have then passed judgement, and God would in turn pass equal judgement on me. I believe being gay is wrong, and as far as how I am supposed to answer the issue of gay marriage, do I think it should be legal or not, I guess I would say the bibles definition of marriage is a union between a man and a woman, not a union of two like genders, so I would have to say no, I dont support laws allowing gay marriages. Just because our society accepts something does not mean it is right, weather you are gay or strait either one.  You are absolutely right in everything you say here grizzly, I agree with you 100% on all counts. And don't let anyone tell you that because you oppose same sex marriage because your beliefs are derived from the bible that you are practicing religiously based discrimination. Only someone with no wisdom or knowledge of the TRUTH would suggest such shallow drivel. And PTL on your salvation, we are brothers in Christ.
So let me get this straight Chester, if my religeous beliefs say an action is wrong, be it murder or homosexuality, etc, and I say I cant support that action, im descriminating against the folks commiting those actions. So because murder is wrong and I dont support it, im now descriminating against murderers, or because I believe rape is wrong and do not support it either, im descriminating against rapists. You say that all this is christian based desceimination and has no place in America, and that I need to rethink what I had said in my earlier post, but I think you need to rethink about your reply to that post, because to me it sounds like you want to throw all morals out the door and have an anything goes free for all. If you dont like to hear how christians feel about things, you should not discuss those issues in public where christian opinions can be added, and further more, when you said my statements were faith based descrimination and it had no place in America, you basically said christians have no place in America, so now who is descriminating against who. Simply stating that I believe murder, rape, or homosexuality is wrong is not descrimination, it is simply a statement of my beliefs, and never once did I even hint at passing judgement against gay people, I mearly stated that I believed their actions were wrong and that I could not support those actions by supporting laws that support those actions. Did you know that christian beliefs are descriminated against more than anything else in the world, the Bible calls it persicution.
when i used rape, murder, and being gay as examples, I was referring to them all being morally wrong, but also biblical.
