Do you support legalized Gay Marriage?   http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/gay_marriage.HTM
99% of all biblical contradictions are Old testament vs. New. Find me a contradition in the words or actions of Jesus Christ and I'll go pagan.  Jesus Christ said 2 commandments over-ruled all the rest, old and new. Love God, and love each other.
99% of all biblical contradictions are Old testament vs. New. Find me a contradition in the words or actions of Jesus Christ and I'll go pagan.   SkepticsAnnotatedBible   Have fun.
Yeah I've read most of these before, most can be dismissed in a few words. Pull a specific.
Since your post was more about the doctrine than less important details, I won't use the contradictions of that type.  JN 3:17, 8:15, 12:47 Jesus does not judge. VS JN 5:22, 5:27-30, 9:39, AC 10:42, 2CO 5:10 Jesus does judge.  MK 3:29 Blasphemy of the Holy Spirit is an unforgivable sin. VS AC 13:39, CN 2:13, 1JN 1:9 All sins are forgivable.  MT 27:46 Jesus asks God, the Father, why he has been forsaken. VS JN 10:30 Jesus says that he and the Father are one.
1. John 3:17 states that Jesus's purpose is not to condemn the world but to save it. Key differences between condemn and save, condemn is one part of judgement, the negative side. So saying that Jesus is not here to condemn is completely different than saying he is not here to judge. This follows through in every verse, one says condemn one says judge.  2. I don't rightly know with this one. Good point and I will get back to you later.  3. When God said that a couple getting married became "one flesh" did he actually mean that they were to become the same person. When God commands me to to become "one with Him", did he actually mean for me to become God, or worse, Him become human. The idea of a "oneness" is prevalant throughout the Bible and in no instances does it mean that two seperate objects become one object, it means that they become one in person and spirit. If Jesus and God were the same thing than Christianity is useless in the fact that Jesus WAS human. And if he was anything less or more than Christianity is a lie. If you;ll notice in the preceding lines in John 10:30 verse Jesus speaks on all Christians becoming "one" in Him. Does he mean that they all become the same person or entity? Of course not, just as "I and the father are one" does not mean that they are the same.   More on #2 later.
3:17 does, yes. The others say judge in both KJV and NIV.  3. When God <snip<    My point was that if Jesus had divinity, he wouldn't need to ask his father why he had forsaken him.
My point is that he was human...he was scared and alone. If he was anything less than it would have all been useless. Maybe you need to define what you mean by "had divinity".
No humans have supernatural powers. Maybe you could explain how divine you believe Jesus was (as different Christians hold different levels).
Not any really...there's something about every branch that disgusts me.  Oh and I am genuinely sorry about my semi-explosion in the religion thread, I thought you were someone else who, just to be a XXXXX, always came into religion debates and said the same thing over and over. No hard feelings?
In my humble opinion, Christianity is very hard.  "Deny yourself, take up your cross and follow me." That's pretty dern hard by my book...but that's just me.
Honestly. Jesus Christ existed: you admit that much. Why will you not believe in Him?!    Because there is no reason to do so.  Why is He so famous, and everyone knows about Him, if He was of no consequence?   I also know of Mohammed and Siddhartha. What's your point?  It must fail, or so he thought. He read the whole New Testament through, testing it the whole time, to the best of his human ability. When he had finished, he knew that the Bible was the infallible Word of God.    lol, what nonsense
Why would anyone want to base their morals on the Old Testament? Rape and murder, please!
earth's design? lol
the earth doesn't have a Creator
Since always. Says reality. There is no evidence to the contrary.
This really isn't the right forum for this discussion.   I hope you didn't just compare the existance of dinosaurs with the existance of gods. They're not even close.  Both could work, excepting species evolution.    What?  Or, why can't it be a mix of both beliefs.   Because one isn't a belief.  We just don't have enough information to go either way.   Yes, we do.
We can rule them out with Occam's razor.
The internet?
"God" is infinitely complex, and as such, is not a good explanation for phenomenon
Idiotic? It's common sense.
It's the idea that the simplest explanations are usually correct. If you heard a sound coming from your basement... "that's just a pipe making noise" VS "omg there's a leprechaun in the basement!"
It's simplest explanation, not simplest solution.  Crim, whose "idea" is not a belief?   Science is not a belief.
In what way?
Originally posted by LovetheSouth   Atheism is a religion.    Atheism means without a god/gods, meaning without religion.
Atheism doesn't mean without religion, it means without belief in god(s). An atheist may still hold any non-theistic beliefs.
I am pretty sure that when people are married, they have to get a legal document saying that they are married. This is given by the government. Marriage in a church is not required, but the legal document is. You can skip the church and go straight to the place to get the papers.
Yeah... you all should take this to religion.
They're arguing about definitions, not religion in gay marriage.
Please...they're just on a definition debate.
bumping this up.
[QUOTE=Elijah]Do you support legalized Gay Marriage?   No. Should the USA grant Gay Marriage, then God's hand would strike and divide the land in two, until the Gulf of Mexico extended to the Great Lakes.   Elijah  Heh. And which would be the gay side? The one with San Fancisco, or the one with Massachusetts?
So you support the idea of the government forcing or endorsing families that "raise their children the right way?" And who gets to define that right way?  I know I am raising my away as far away from the "right" way as possible.  Get it?  wuka wuka wuka
this is becoming very old. emoticon_rolleyes
 Instead, lets ammend all current federal law to remove any reference to the words "marriage", "marry" or any derivation thereof and replace it with "civil union" or a derivation thereof.   The result? Every individual has equal freedom of religion and every individual has equal civil rights. There is no fundamental change to the constitution, merely a clarification of terms. It is a "win-win" situation with no one losing anything!!!!!  Would redefining the institution of Marriage be a "civil right"?  I'm not sure that I see Hetrosexual Marriage as a "civil right".  The Government never created Marriage, just affirms the legal contract between one man and one woman, and only those that fit the standards of age, blood relation, health, etc.  What if "civil unions" expand, but couples want to call that a Marriage?
The APA has failed at times to even take a definitive stance against pedophilia. Their credibility is hardly intact.  I would like to take a brief second to point something out, even though this discussion seems to have died on the table.  The APA (American Psychiatric Association) does not take a stance on good vs. bad, nor will it take a stance for or against something. The APA looks at the symptomology, diagnosis, and treatment of psychiatric disorders. They use something called the DSM-IV (Diagnostic and Statistical Manual) to classify disorders. Search for it on the web, you can get a good idea of the number of different disorders there are which relate to pedophilia. But again, it is not their job nor is it their desire to choose sides over these issues, only to identify disorders, and treat them accordingly. I would think the fact that pedophilia is classified as a disorder in the DSM-IV would be enough to pacify you, but apprently not...or you were just ignorant of the facts.
Lets face it anything can be debated cos there's always more then one point of view and i'd hate it if that wasn't true cos life would be boring we'd all be have the same personality and it would work. if a perfect world like that exsisted i'd kill myself cos perfect gets boring after awhile.
Girl Esq., quit being so logical.  It's going to be interesting watching you get lambasted. :)   Interesting. How, Hank? That she made a good argument? That she easily proves the rest of you to be rather ...ahem...hankish?
You're a bit late there, aren't you? Marriage has become a state institution as much as a religious one, and I see no practical way to undo that at this point.  Actually, one can argue that it was a pagan institution long before it was a religious one.
Actually, one can argue that it was a pagan institution long before it was a religious one.  I'd say that one can do more than argue that point. Marriage is like many other aspects of culture that Christianity absorbed and re-invented under its own guise.
This is pretty random - but I'd be willing to be the judge. I've had a reasonable amount of experience with debates and I feel I could be a judge objectively. Up to you. ;)
If you don't mind, could you just outline your paradigm please? Sure. This is the "norm" that we have. But really, these rules are open to change by either of you. You should decide how you want to be "judged".   Since this is a formal debate - one should stay clear of all the classical logical fallacies. They actually contain the majority of rules and guidelines for a successful argument. A decent list of them is compiled here: http://www.infidels.org/news/atheism/logic.html  Using proper English and capitalization is just another novelty of formal debate. Although I personally think that it strengthens one's argument - I'm quite sure that the content speaks for itself.   Insults and personal attacks should have no place in debate. It is always possible to separate one from their argument. Attack the argument and not the person. Again - that is just one of the logical fallacies.  As for advice and other guidelines of a strong argument, I strongly suggest this website: http://www.kings.edu/debate/Judges/NDT2000/S/Sternhagen.html  It gives general tips and the like for debates.  Also, regarding length. Length of posts is often required and over-simplifying can be a great error. The other extreme - over-complicating will not add much to debate.   Once the debate is over (you decide how many posts each) then I could, if you want, outline a winner and provide my reasons for thinking so. and also, when you say you have experience, do you mean in "real" debating (HS and College) or just on this and other sites? We often have debates in our Sixth Form (College), but I have also attended several "debate camps" - each a weekend long. I also attended a day at oxford which was made up of a few formal debates and just a bit of teaching on Philosophy and Classics. Apart from that - I have been on debate forums for quite some time, and I've gained experience from there too.
How many posts do we each make? And I'm ready to start whenever. If you ask me, I would recommend something like 5-10 posts - probably 7. I'd also recommend that the person who posts firstly should be allowed to make the last post. Since the person beginning is, I should think, at a disadvantage - the burden of proof lays on them.  Anyways, what do you both say?
dsadevil,  You still willing to partake in the debate? If so - let it begin!
JakeCJB - This is strictly a debate between dsadevil and ROCC. Pretty much, there should only be posts from those two members or perhaps the facilitator (me) if he needs to pronounce anything. Please do not make any more posts in this thread, and that goes for the others out there.  dsadevil and ROCC- I am going away with some friends for a week tomorrow. Since the debate will probably be finished by the time I get back, I'll try to respond as soon as I can. Sorry for the inconvenience guys.
I would like to begin by congratulating both interlocutors for their quality of debate and their consecutive respect for one another. I'll make a few points on what I thought of each argument.   Dsadevil; affirming that Homosexuals should be aloud to marry.  The structure of the argument was adequately done. Points were made palpable and to the point with no irrelevant information. The three beginning contentions were a grand beginning and hard ones to oppose. Quality didn't decrease throughout, but was rather, consecutive. Points were stated and then efficiently exemplified. Showed a good knowledge of the issue, background information and Politics.   Overall, a well laid out argument with clear direction and clarity.   ROCC; against Homosexual marriage.  No doubt some relevant and challenging points raised. Although attacking the original post, other arguments and reasons for your position were raised with examples. Also did a good job in highlighting and better clarifying earlier points at times.   If I am to pronounce a winner, I shall have to say Dsadevil, and here are a few reasons why:  As I have already mentioned, over-complicating in any debate or theorem is a great error. A good principle to abide by is Ockham's razor. However, over-simplifying might be thought to be of just as great an error. I do not feel that ROCC provided enough information to fully strengthen his argument, explain points fully, and hence - not provide an as good rebuttal.   Dsadevil did well to highlight a logical fallacy, and did a good job of explaining it too. If you are accused of a logical fallacy in your argument, it is a serious blow. Since the point is fallacious, it should either be backed up with a logical basis, or it should be withdrawn.   Both sides did, pretty much, an efficient job of including sources. Apart from ROCC's first post, sources were generally cited. ROCC did, later, provide a source, but a source or link should always be included when the statement is made. If not at the same part, then, at the end of the post.   I'm open to questions and thoughts, but it's not likely that I will change my mind. Thanks for a grand debate guys. :)
Don't forget about all the polygamous and polyandrous animals.
Why are you so convinced that 2000 years of tradition are 'ignorant', while whosever ideas are the most 'progressive' is automatically considered intelligent and courageous?  Who are you to dismiss the thoughts and beleifs of thousands of people over thousands of years? Why are you so intolerant towards beleifs held by millions to billions of people?
It has to do with the specious claim that homosexuality is somehow "unnatural." The only appropriate response is to demonstrate that homosexuality is indeed a part of Nature.  I don't agree that it is a 'specious claim'. I agree with those who have said that nature shouldn't factor in our decisions. An example which I think is relevant is polygamy - which is what the majority of mammals do. Of course, I don't know what I'll say once polygamy is legalized. (hopefully not!)
 Do you know what "specious" means? It seems that you are contradicting yourself.   You're partly right: I didn't know what specious meant at the time, but I knew enough from madg's post that a specious argument is not correct.   I did contradict myself - I said that I didn't agree that saying homosexuality is 'unnatural' is specious, meaning natural in the sense of normal or right, and then I said that aguing about the naturalness of homosexuality is irrelavant, meaning natural in the sense that animals do it. I didn't make a distinction in my thoughts or my statement.
I had a couple of lesbian angelfish once. They laid eggs together and were very diligent about taking care of them although, of course, they were infertile. (Guess they should have found a sperm donor.) :p   I also have a male cockatiel who keeps trying to "do it" with my other male cockatiel, although a female cockatiel is present. Should I be worried? Is he going to HELL?
2000 years of tradition mean nothing. We could have a 2000 year old tradition of wiping our asses bare-handed before every meal, and that most certainly does not make it right (or socially acceptable, for that matter).   I wonder if a society which followed such a tradition would last for 2000 years. (actually, if we're talking Judeo-Christian tradition it would be more like 5000 years)   The people who wrote the Bible were superstitious, ignorant people who were just beginning to discover science. I don't know about anyone else, but the reason that I am so... skeptic of "millions to billions" or people's beliefs is because those beliefs are centered around an extremely old book written by your average uneducated, superstitious, bigoted, biased, ignorant man-of-two-thousand-years-ago. But other than that, I'm fine with religion! And I am not intolerant towards their beliefs, rather, as I have said before, I am a skeptic. From what I have seen, it is mostly the RELIGIOUS people who are intolerant of me because I am an atheist.  I do find it interesting that, for example, in parts of Afghanistan and surrounding countries which are Muslim they will respect you if you're Christian (unless you try to convert anyone) but look at you like a dog if you are atheist. Obviously, they find it to be self evident that there is a God. Indeed, it seems that most people do. I have heard that according to one estimate 95% of the world beleived in a God (or Gods?) in 1991.  Its easy to think of old civilizations as stupid, that does seem to be a popular idea these days. I suppose it depends on how closely you base your worldview on progressive evolution. What always suprises me when I read older books or think about age-old discoveries is how often my assumption that these people are amusingly ignorant is smashed to bits. There's the famous example of the Greek guy who had to figure out if a crown was pure gold or had been cheated on with a lead center. I still can't figure out how that one works! We know so much about things like gravity and relativity, but thats because of the work of people who came before us. It is true that the last few centuries have seen a stunning flowering of knowlege, but I don't think that means we are any more wise or moral. One person described us as "well educated barbarians", refering to a lack of morals despite the wealth of knowledge. And hasn't this century been the bloodiest of all? Estimates of the deaths (murders in particular) inflicted by communist nations on their own people run around 60 to 100 million.   Also, looking closer at the progressive evolutionary perspective, it has been a very short time since the beginning of written history, just several thousand years. That is much less than the blink of an eye in evolutionary history, and it seems unlikely that remarkable progress could have been made which would invalidate old traditions on the basis that they were authoured by less evolved people.  One thing I enjoy about being a Christian is that I don't have to have an arrogant position towards traditions and ancient peoples. C.S. Lewis noted that when he was an atheist he had to convince himself that the vast majority of people were wrong, but when he became a Christian he could be more open-minded and see that other religions all had an element of truth. If I see a tradition that many people have held for a long time, I think people aren't stupid and there's probably something to be said for it. I think that a long-held tradition should automatically be given more weight than a very new one. It just doesn't make sense to me that old ideas are instantly suspect. Why have these beleifs survived if they are so ridiculous? I do recognize that there are horrible traditions out there, I just don't have to reject them out of hand.  When you say that those who wrote the bible were ignorant, bigoted, and such, do you mean the whole thing, cover to cover? I suppose that you wouldn't agree with people who claim that western civilization and science as we know it were founded by the Judeo-Christian worldview.
 Haha! Ok fine, you have a point there. emoticon_xgood  Thanks! (Come to think of it, I seem to remember a Hebrew law that actually required regular hand washing.)   I find that interesting that you regard being Christian as becoming more open minded. It would seem to me that most of the Christians I know are very, very closed minded, and they only see themselves as the ones who are right. I find it refreshing, actually, to find a Christian who is as open minded as you appear to be. Well, I'm very glad that you do not have an arrogant position towards traditions and ancient peoples. If only I could say the same for most of the rest of the Christians I know...   Well, I do think we are right. I don't know how open-minded I am... but thanks for the compliment. :) What really I wanted to do was highlight how close-minded many non-religious people seem nowadays to tradition. For some it is so reflexive that you could easily call it a dogma.    I do not mean that the whole Bible is filled with ignorant, bigoted ravings. The Bible posesses excellent morals and stories and examples for living a good life, but what I am saying is that the parts about who is right and wrong and who gets to go to heaven and who gets to go to hell is influenced by their fears and misgivings about others. They feared differences in people, and as such, they excluded the outcasts or made for punishing the outcasts and misfits. Sorry if I was a little unclear there. I do not believe that the whole of the Bible is trash; it has very good morals things to live by.  Thanks  I'm glad to hear this, since it had seemed to me you had a very hard-to-believe position on the Bible. Its great to meet an atheist who isn't "biblephobic"!   I find it very interesting that you find Biblical morals to be good. Is it because they appeal to you, or do you believe that they are sensible ways to deal with human relationships? What I'm really asking is, what do you base your judgement of "good" on? Do you beleive there is an ultimate right and wrong to which many Biblical morals are very close?
My judgement of good... I suppose it would basically run along the lines of someone who tells the truth, doesn't murder, is a nice person, all that. I have not read the Bible much; but from what I do know, it would seem that it has a good message, one of love and peace. Now again, I must say that I have not read the Bible extensively, so I am merely going on what I know here. The Bible has a good moral code, one that is a good guide for human relationships and one tha teaches people to be good people. And sorry, but I don't quite understand your last question there. What do you mean by the morals are very close to the ultimate of right and wrong? Maybe I'm just reading it wrong, but either way... emoticon_xgood    What I mean is, what makes things like truthfulness good - as opposed to lying being good? How do you decide whether one thing is good or not?  One view is that there is an ultimate standard of right and wrong (which would be a standard created by God - actions which God approves of are Good), and you can decide what is right by comparing it to what that standard says. If that standard says that truthfulness is good, then that's why truth is a good value. C.S. Lewis noted that, as an atheist, his arguement against an all-loving, all-powerful God was that evil existed. Then he realized that, for him to beleive that some things were evil, and others good, he must be measuring them against an absolute standard - you can't tell whether a line is crooked unless you have a straight line to compare it to.   Otherwise, morality is nothing more than subjective personal taste and if a culture or person believes something is right, then it is right for them. Lewis couldn't accept such a theory because that would mean that the Nazi's did nothing truly wrong - its just our opinion that their actions were immoral.  It seems that a third way of measuring morality, proposed by Secular Humanists, is by what gives the most people the best lives. An example would be arguements I've seen at the Abortion section to the effect of: abortion is good because it prevents unhappy lives of children who are unwanted, or who would live in poverty. However, how do you judge what is a "good" life? And how do you judge what will bring the most people this "good" life? Unless you appeal to a universal moral standard (which defeats the purpose) you end up with a subjective measurement, no different from the one which Lewis rejected. How do you know that a poor person will live an "unhappy" life and how do you know whether, in the end, it is actually good to live a "happy" life? And if poor people are living lives unworthy of being lived why don't we simply kill them - especially if it is expedient to the rest of us? In fact, that's just what the Nazi's did - killing off retards, the elderly, the gypsies, and the Jews - simply in the quest to improve the lives of everyone else. And I'm convinced that we are doing the same to the unborn babies of our nations.   According to the subjective morality, if I think its good to murder someone, it is right for me. You might say that it isn't because it "hurts" someone else. Who says that its "bad" to hurt other people, I might ask? And who is my victim to force their belief that I shouldn't kill them down my throat? (and if the victim agrees that I should kill them, there can really be no opposing it at all - unless you believe it is wrong to murder regardless of what the murderer and victim think about it)  I'm kind of going off topic. emoticon_emb I guess my question is, how do you measure whether lying is good or bad? Do you think that there is a Creator (whether the Christian God or not) who believes that lying is wrong? Or do you think that lying is bad because you think it is - and if someone else thinks it is good, then it is for them? Or do you beleive that lying is bad simply because it is bad for human relations - its bad because people don't get along without honesty? In that case, I would ask why do you think its good for humans to get along.   Why is it good for people to be good? (and how do you know that they are good?)  Well, I must apologize for such a long answer. I hope that I've made my question a little more clear with my ramblings. Thanks for reading this! emoticon_xhoho
 And why does every single thread turn into a religious discussion?  :) Good question.
This thread is absolutely ridiculous. Maybe I'm not understanding it :: gay brothers or sisters having sex with each other? I'm sure it occurs but to stretch this into a debate is hardly worth it. If there are gay bro/sis people here who want to defend this, go for it, but I believe this thread is so off-track, it's a mere distraction to the real issues at hand.
Yes Or No?  And Why?
I MEANT BAN GAY **MARRIGE** YES OR NO.. oops lol
No one is preventing any adults from getting married (except poligamy and incest). Anyone who wants to marry a member of the opposite sex can marry. If someone wants to make a life contract to another - for whatever reason - may due so, to an extent.   No one is stopping a woman from being a mother. But wait! Men can't be mothers! That must be a result of discrimination! (sarcasim implied)  Just because an individual can't experience everything that another individual can does not make it discrimination.   More men are denied the 'right' to make a choice about a pregnancy then there are homosexuals who are denied the 'right' to marry.  Incidentally, the whole concept of marriage is a religious SACRAMENT that has taken on legal / civil aspects through history. It was never a social concept taken on by religions.  What is wrong with civil unions if the couple enjoys the same rights as married couples, but without the title?
emclean,  Let me reverse your question. What government began the institution of marriage? (For what purpose would a government create such an institution?)   Like marriage, religion is a concept. Marriage has religious rules enforced by God. The civic rules of marriage (alimony ect.) are realatively new.  Noah and the others you mention were married by their religious leaders and any government of the time was not involved. Purely religious.
There have been so many religions through out human history, that there is probably nothing that one of them wouldn't allow.   I can't think of a religion that married people of the same sex! Can you?
em, The God of each individual is responsible for the consequences of violation of the marriage vows. There is no evidence to refute anyone's concept of the afterlife.  Interesting bit on the same sex/marriage tribe.... thanks...  I assume the rest of your last post was ment for another....  regards
The Australian government is planning to ban gay marriages  http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/s1117019.htm  I am not actually going to debate this (at this point)... I am simply going to present this for you guys to look at.
I believe that once the gay lifestyle is completely forced upon us all, we will see our first amendment rights reduced. When this practice is labeled "normal" by unelected judges, we will be told it is against the law (a thought police, hate crime) to speak out and condemn that lifestyle. Ministers will not be free to preach against homosexuality, even if that is the official position of their church. I heard of such a case in Canada.
Just this year, AIDS became the leading cause of death for adult, black males. For white males, it is not AIDS. FYI....
wow... that's the worst bit of paranoia I've seen in a long time... did Rush say all of that or did you make it up yourself?  Actually, that is the logical extereme of the gay-activist position. All the rhetoric has been "We are exactly the same as you, our love is the same, there is no difference between a hetero couple and a homo couple".   And I don't see how letting a man and woman get married to each other doesn't warrant polygamy just as much as letting two men or two women get married to each other. You could easily use the arguement "Well, if a man and woman can get married, why can't a man pair up with two women and marry them both?" Why does gay marriage make this any easier?  Ah, but before we could say "It is not a traditional marriage to marry a man and two women, therefore we do not allow it" (sound familiar?). Once we allow one non-traditional marriage, the same arguments can be used to allow others. A polygamist marriage will not affect you, they love each other the same, the love that they give the children is exactly the same, the gov't has no business telling me who I can and cannot love. My love deserves validation, it is discrimination when the gov't supports one loving relationship and not another.   Also, it's irrelevant whether or not two women raising a child is better than a man and woman... it's no doubt better than one woman raising a child, or one man raising a child.   Also irrelevent how many raise the child, as long as the child is loved. In fact, if the child recieves more experience with more people, I daresay that the child will be better adjusted.   Gender wouldn't become "nothing". You act like everyone is going to turn gay the second gay marriage is legal. You think men and women won't be attracted to each other any more in most cases? Things will be EXACTLY THE SAME as they are now in your life and in most other people's lives. Only, there'd be more couples around to adopt those kids you guys are always talking about in the abortion threads.  Then what is the difference in value between a hetero and homo couple?
I'm not sure I understand what you are asking..  You were arguing against Jaaaman who was saying that gender would meaningless in value with regards to relationships, so I was asking what would be the difference in value then.
You espouse 'traditional' marriage. What is 'traditional' marriage? One where the wife was considered a possession of the husband? One where children could happily marry adults? One arranged by the parents when both participants were children? One where the husbands use of prostitutes and mistresses is considered normal? One that only stays within bounds of class/race? All of these are 'traditional', but people ignore that fact and paint 'traditional' as being some rose-tinted vision of a era in the near past. Marriage has already evolved from these things, thankfully, and will continue to do so.  As far as I know, I haven't argued in favor of traditional marriage.
A one on one romance is very different. Its two individuals making a choice to being together.   And give me a break on the family thing: A great deal of families with men and women married couples are screwed up.   To be fair, a one-on-one romance can be in the form of slavery too. any relationship can be screwed up, as any relationship can be loving and sharing.
How about<b></b>:  And I believe that the arguments for one non-traditional marriage apply to other non-traditional marriage. I am not saying that traditional marriage is good or that non-traditional marriage is bad.
 Do they still have mandatory military conscription in Denmark?   Yes, I think so. Why do you ask?   Why is their GDP growth amongst the world's worst at 0.3%?  It isn`t. Its 2,0% (est. 2003)...    Why don't the citizens have any say in two of the three branches of government?   They do. The appointments in the judicial branch are either political (by a democraticly elected government) or based on merit. The legislative branch is elected through popular elections and the executive branch (the government) is in turn elected by the parliament   The Executive Branch is a monarchy   Nope. Denmarks political system is based on parliamentarism. The executive power rests in the prime minister, not the monarch (who lacks political power).   Judicial Branch is composed of life-long judges appointed by the monarch.  Nope, judges are either appointed by democraticly elected governments or hired on merit (depending on what facet of the judicial branch you are talking about).  I think that you should look for a better example of the "land of the free". emoticon_rolleyes  Well, I`ve always seen denmark to have a rather high level of political, economic, social and religous freedom (the only real detriment is high taxes, but some would argue that high taxes coupled with a large amount of income distribution actualy increases economic freedom, so its kind of ambigous). This being mixed with relative socialistic and prosperous economy makes Denmark a good contestant for the title "the land of the free".
To argue that letting homosexuals break traditional marriage bounds is akin to other non-traditional marriages such as polygamy to me seems to imply that you consider traditional marriage to be favourable. However if this isn't the case I apologise for leaping to the conclusion.  Not at all. I have nothing against either homosexual marriage or polygamy. As long as all parties involved are willing and able to give consent, I have no problem with anyone in a relationship.  I merely believe that if one non-traditional marriage is allowed, others that follow the same line of reasoning be allowed as well.
Double razor burn, ouch! Uh, how do you know????? :p emoticon_xbye
Keep it up and Waxy and me might give away that first class seat in Hell we're holding for you just in case. emoticon_xangel Hey - what are friends for? emoticon_xhoho
If this is the future for this country, I do not want to be part of it. emoticon_ic  Careful Jaaaman, there are those around here that will hold to that.  If you don't leave, they'll call you a big baby.  Waxy
Where do we cut the line off at? Do we just let all groups of people do what they want to and appease them? Are we going to allow people to marry more than 1 person? Are we going to allow relatives to get married?  I like those questions. I say we get rid of the state institution called marriage, period....*smirk* and relieve men of the agony. lol... There's nothing like destroying businesses/fathering/self-esteems through divorce, which are all granted by the 'rights' of marriage (to women)...depending on the state.    Of coarse I'm kidding (on the marriage think, sort of), but it's not something people should be clamoring for. Hell, take my right for it. Government shouldn't even have to provide these so-called rights, they should be made by social contracts, and religious ceremonies. I'm sure some people wished their marriages were easier to get out of.
I wasn't aware that sexuality was worldly and materialistic. I was under the impression from biology it was human.  One is no less "human" for choosing not to act on desires. No one ever died from celibacy.
What does human resilience over physical challenges have to do with not having sex? Nothing! There is no physical challenge. It is all emotional. This is not a relevant argument.  Are you suggesting that the "need" for sex is all about emotional health and nothing about a basic physical "urge"? Sex and intimacy are related but not identical.
Ah, but then they couldn't tax you more.
Fifty-seven percent of gay readers claimed more than thirty sexual partners during their lifetime. Thirty-five percent claimed more than one hundred sexual partners in their lifetime.   Forty-eight percent admitted having a "three-way" sexual encounter during the past five years.  Twenty-nine percent admitted to meeting their partners in a bathhouse or a sex club.   anybody run the numbers on us straght guys? how about the urban straght guys?
the average homosexual relationship lasts only 1-1/2 years. By comparison, more than two-thirds of heterosexual marriages in America last longer than ten years.  I think a better comparison would be all heterosexual relationships, i.e. casual dating, etc.
What was it they said about statistics?  Oh yes, I remember:  "Lies, damn lies and statistics".  I think Jaaaman's sources are agenda pushing behind a screen of figures.
What was it they said about statistics?  Oh yes, I remember:  "Lies, damn lies and statistics".  I think Jaaaman's sources are agenda pushing behind a screen of figures.  Dude, you only figured that out now?   I'm disappointed in you.   just joking. Everything he states has a hidden agenda.
 My "negatives" about gay marriage have decreased significantly. I conceded that my fiscal concerns don't exist...  emoticon_frazzled emoticon_wow emoticon_wow   Did I read that right?  I better get a hard hat and a snowmobile, I think the sky might be about to fall, but the riding's going to be good in hell. :p   Waxy
Yes. Regardless of what happens with polygamy, it doesn't prove that same-sex marriage is right or wrong.  However, the same arguments generally apply. If you allow gay marriage, you would be hard pressed to discriminate against another sort of alternative marriage.
I don't think the same arguments apply. Polygamous activity is illegal.  lol, so if we make gay relationships illegal we would have no problem? ;) When sodomy was illegal, did that solve the problem?   In addition, there is no limit to the number of partners who can enter a polygamous marriage contract, unlike with two persons of the same or different sex.  Practical problems only. They are consenting adults whos love is the same as yours. Philosophically, all of the arguments for equal rights and social acceptance do apply.   Marriage rights in general, including for straight couples, would just as likely lead us down this slippery slope, if one believes in slippery slopes.  Not quite a slippery slope. What argument (besides practical problems which can always be gotten around) would you use to deny polygamous rights? Incestous relationships between consenting adults? At what point does good and acceptable become creepy and weird? Brother and sister? Father and son?  The argument for straight marriage over gay marriage is based in religion usually, so there is no slippery slope there. Anything besides man and woman is simply not allowed. You cannot use that justification.
I didn't say that at all. I just said there were different issues involved, beause polygamous activity is indeed illegal.  I'm misunderstanding. The issues are different because polygamous activity is illegal? Do you mean to say that if homosexual activity was illegal you would not argue for it?   But different issues.  It is different, no denying that. Why do the arguments for homosexual love not justify polygamous love?   The argument of consenting adults who love can be applied to any relationship between adults which does not involve rape.  Agreed, including polygamous and incestuous relationships.   Please explain your second sentence further. How do these arguments apply specifically to gays and polygamists?  You made my point already. Any argument for an alternative union apply to other sorts of alternative unions.   Ah, yes, here we go again. I'm very surprised you didn't mention sex with a human and a sheep.  I would include that but a sheep cannot give consent. I would argue that it doesn't matter since animals should not have rights as humans do, but that requires more arguments than I'm willing to put forth at the moment.   I am not arguing for or against polygamous rights nor for or against any of the other rights you mention. Can we please stay on the topic of gay rights? Do you have a logical argument against THAT?  No, nor would I attempt to. I have no problem with gay rights or gay marriage, I have a problem with the inherent hypocrisy I see when gay activists argue that "the love is the same" and "we're people and we just want to love each other" and then blast other alternative marriage. What others do in the bedroom is none of your or my business, and who I marry is none of your business either. It doesn't affect you :)   It depends on which religion. Gay marriages often take place in a religious institution too. How do you know there is no slippery slope with straight religious marriages, but "not quite" a slippery slope involving gay marriage? What is "not quite" a slippery slope?  Because religion (for the sake of argument, say Catholics) bans any marriage besides between a man and a woman. There can be no slippery slope because there is no argument, only dogmatic laws. An argument can apply to different situations whether or not they are the authors intent, dogmatic law only applies to what the priests apply it to. The "not quite" was a bit of sarcasm.  This is not a "slippery slope", this is a logical step. If you wish to argue for gay rights, realize that other things you may not agree with become a lot more possible.
Woah now, wait just a second. Polygamous activity is certainly not illegal. Banning polygamous activity would be a harsh limitation on freedom, this is certain.  Agreed. If your going to allow one sort of alternative marriage, I cannot see how you can justify banning other sorts (besides practical issues, and practical issues should not, philosophically if not practically, interfere with civil rights).   I actually agree with this; most arguments used to support same-sex marriage can be used to support polygamy as well. The difference is that there are argument which can be used against polygamy which do not apply to same-sex marriage. The primary argument against polygamy is that it is unequal and unrealistic. Applying marriage across ten people would in theory allow one person to spread his benefits of marriage across nine others instead of just one. For example, nine other people in a family could get that one man's health insurance instead of just one in a current-day marriage. Not only would this give polygamy benefits over other marriages, but it would be rather unrealistic to give that many people health benefits just because only one person has them. So it is unequal and impractical. Now we could in theory implement a form of polygamy where each member is allowed to give his or her benefits to only one other person, but how is that different from what we have today? Currently polygamous people can marry one other person and give that person benefits; technically their marriage is already recognized under the law.  Agreed, there are practical problems associated with polygamy. However, that does not negate that their relationship should be recognized in some manner. Perhaps the answer is the change marriage entirely, I don't know.   So creating polygamous marriage is a bad idea; we don't need it and it would create inequality.  Do we "need" homosexual marriage? There are those who wish to have polygamous marriage.   You may not like my reasoning on the subject, but if you do not, you had better have some reasoning of your own to back up your dislike of polygamy.  I don't dislike polygamy.   If one does not have a reason to disallow polygamy, then he is not justified in disallowing it. So tell us that reason.  I am arguing that polygamy should be allowed, under the same reasoning that gay marriage is allowed.   If it also applies to same-sex marriage, then we can discuss its validity. But simply saying "if we can allow same-sex marriage, we can allow polygamy" is not enough because you have not given any reason that polygamy should not be allowed. When you give that reason, we can discuss whether it actually applies to same-sex marriage or not. I gave a reason to disallow polygamy which does not apply to same-sex marriage.  Practical problems are not a good justification to ban civil liberties, especially when the argument for gay marriage is not that it's "easy" but that it's "right". Whether or not polygamy is "easy" makes little difference in terms of if it's "right".   Well, I discussed polygamy above. But how about incest? Well in my opinion incest too often results in children who are mentally disabled and is an abuse of the natural bonds of love created by the closeness between families.  Abuse is something that is fought against anyway.  Children are not a pre-requisite of marriage. Homosexuals cannot have children at all, so the state of the children should not bar incestuous relationships. Also, we do not ban marriage between couples who may (even if it's a good chance) have disabled or mentally challenged children, incestuous or no. "Abuse of the natural bonds of love created by the closeness between families"? That sounds suspiciously like a moral argument against a certain relationship. What if I were to argue that homosexual relationships were an abuse of the natural bonds of love between opposite sexes?   Again, this reason to disallow incestuous marriage does not apply to same-sex marriage. If you do not like my reasoning, again you simply must have a reason to dislike incest.  I don't dislike incest. I don't participate myself, but I see no reason why incestuous relationships should be demonized by those who are supposedly open-minded about relationships. They love each other, who are you to keep them apart? Regardless of whether or not they have children, or if those children are retarded, they have the right to love each other.   The only reason you specified is that it is "creepy and weird". I think we can both agree that creepy and weird is a matter of opinion and is not any reason to take away the rights of others.  Exactly! So, why is incest and polygamy wrong? Only because of the practical problems with implementing polygamy and what might happen with the children in incest? Are those valid reasons for not giving them civil liberties?   So why do you dislike incest? Think about it, and think about whether those reasons apply to same-sex marriage. If they do, posts them here, and again, we will discuss their validity.  I have no problem with incestuous relationships or polygamous relationships. It appears that you do.   Sure I can. The argument in favor of same-sex marriage is based on religion often as well; whole bunches of people hold religious beliefs which state that marriage is between any two people who are not related by family.  However, much of the opposition to homosexual marriage is based in religion is it not?   Furthermore, there is a very dangerous slippery slope to be run down by disallowing same-sex marriage. If the battle against same-sex marriage wins, we are setting a precedent that the government is allowed to disallow the rights of minorities any time it wants. With the denial of same-sex marriage, what other rights are soon to follow?  Agreed. I don't believe the gov't should be in our personal lives any more than absolutely necessary.   Will we lose the right to cheat on our spouses? Maybe that one isn't so bad. Maybe you'd vote in favor of removing that right. If so, then you should see my point.  You misunderstand my stance. You believe I am arguing for polygamy and incest as a rhetorical device against homosexual marriage. I am not. I am sincerely arguing for polygamy and incestuous relationships based on the same arguments that you are using.  I realize that I am a lot more liberal in personal matters than many liberals, but I do not think the gov't should be involved in our personal lives.   What about divorcing our spouses; might we soon lose that right?  Unfortunately, there are situations where you do not have the right to divorce. There was a case recently where a woman was not allowed to divorce because she was pregnant.   What about having children out of wedlock? What about practicing a religion that the government has not approved? What about speaking out against the government? What about eating unhealthy food? At what point does restricting freedom end? Such a slippery slope is a far more dangerous one to walk down than the "what if people allow polygamy!" one. Everyone is in the minority on some issue, and everyone is in danger of losing their rights if same-sex marriage is not legalized.  I don't believe that particular slippery slope. Certainly it would restrict freedom, and be a step toward fascism. But "everyone will lose all their rights if this isn't legal!" is a textbook slippery slope fallacy.
1+1=2  Defining n= any integer <1:  1+n does NOT = 1+1  Sorry if I have confused you with higher math.  The arguments for homosexual marriage are not contingent on how many are participating. Is your only justification that the number of participants are the same?  No, the arguments in favor of homosexual marriage are that it is no one elses business who you marry, nor does it affect others in a way that justifies denying them rights. The same argument applies to polygamous and incestuous marriage.   You must not read this forum much. That illogical fallacy has been explained time and time and time again.  We are not debating 1+n  We are not debating 1+y where y= someone under the age of consent.  We are (supposed) to be debating 1+1 where 1 = consenting adults.  Why does the number of particpants matter, if they love each other and are in a commited relationship? I do agree that this is a bit outside the scope of the debate, but I believe it is a valid criticism of the gay-rights movement.  If a member of the relationship is not able to give consent, obviously I cannot use the same argument.   Seems like you have difficulty sticking to the subject.  I never was part of any other subject in this thread ;)   1+b (where b= animal) again avoids the subject. If you like beastility, you can probably find it on the Internet. Sorry, not my style.  Homosexuality is not my style either, and you can find homosexuality on the internet as well. That does not allow or disallow the relationship. What people do in the bedroom is not your business :)   Assuming you really mean what you said, then what business of your's is it what I do in my bedroom? It doesn't affect you. :)   Talk about HYPOCRISY !!!!!!  Where is the hypocrisy? I have not said anything negative about homosexual relationships. You, however, are for one sort of alternative relationship but seem to blast any other sort. That is hypocrisy.   OK. Suppose a religion ( for the sake of argument, say the Metropliotian Community Church, a Christian denomination) DOES recognize same sex marriage?  So what? If they do that is their business. My only point was that there is no slippery slope with a religion defining marriage between a man and a woman because a religious argument does not need to be rational or logical as your argument does. A rational and logical argument can apply to things you don't necessarily agree to, while dogmatic laws do not. God says exactly what he means, if he meant something different he would have said so.
I still don't see it as disallowing the rights of a minority. Everyone has the right to marry a member of the opposite sex. Nobody is discriminated against due to race, religion. sex, etc.  That's a really bad argument, imo. Restricting what people can eat does not discriminate on that basis, either.    Good question. I've been asking that one since the first gun control law in 1968. If you can find an answer to that one, you're a damn good fortuneteller.   And yet you favor restricting rights in other ways? Across the board gun control does not discriminate.
If you don't think that the DNC is losing the American public because of its radicalism, then I guess denial is more than just a river in Africa. There are now more registered Republicans than Democrats, an unusual event. An incumbent president's party picked up seats in the House and Senate (no gerymandering in the Senate Districts can account for the losses, BTW). Republicans picked up governorships as well. This is unprecedented. Liberalism is dead. If the President gets Tort, SS and Tax reforms passed, the Democratic Party will be buried so deeply that the Libertarians will look formidable to them. emoticon_rolleyes  Hi, mind if I weigh in on this?  I agree. Republicans now represent the political 'middle' in politics. They are the mainstream. It doesn't matter whether it was moral values or the war on terrorism that helped Bush win; Democrats have simply stopped appealing to voters. They represent the far left, and Republicans represent the middle and the right (and sometimes a little of the left as well, as in Schwarzenegger). And I think over time, people have started to realize that all the over-the-top accusations against Republicans are just simply not true. (Such as "they hate old people," or "they are only for the rich.") Democrats however, will try and chalk it up to anything else they can, rather than look inward and realize and actually consider that maybe their perception of reality and the world just isn't so accurate after all.  The DNC picked up a liability when they got in bed with radical gay activism. But their biggest failure is that they have no sense of purpose and direction regarding terrorism.
I just happened to find this forum on a search through Google and was astounded at some of the replies I've read here. I decided after reading most of this thread that I wanted to reply.  Firstly, the debate here isn't about marriage. Marriage is just the issue in which the debate is taking form. What really being debated here are issues regarding differences between the question of "is being gay a choice" and the belief that "straight people are morally superior/generally superior to gay people."   The first debate is a matter of opinion. I would be interested in knowing what some of the anti-gay marriage folk feel about the issue of gay being a conscious choice. If they feel that it is a conscious choice, then their feelings of superiority may be justified in some way. It may be understandable. If they feel that being gay is not a choice, and they still feel that being straight is superior to being gay then that could raise some serious issues about their personal moral character.  Personally, I do not feel being gay is a conscious choice. As a gay man myself I do not see any benefits of being gay, and had I the choice to make I wouldn't have chosen to be gay. I think most people will tend to agree with me, that being gay is not a conscious choice. Those that disagree should ask themselves if they could ever be persuaded to be gay, or if they were ever faced with such a choice in their lives. I believe, barring any bi-sexuals, most people would say "no." All evidence in this case seems to fall into the "gay is not a choice" favor.   The second issue, whether or not heterosexuality is either morally superior or superior in general to homosexuality is a trickier case to handle and hinges much on if you believe being gay is a conscious choice or not. Either way there will be little said on the subject to change anyones mind. Although, I would like to point out the parallel of past civil rights struggles. During segregation white people did not "hate" black people; they did not segregate black people from white society because they hated them. They did so because they thought they were superior to them. That they were better than them. Certainly, when black people protested and demanded equal treatment under the law and in the eyes of the government this caused hatred between whites and blacks. The same can be said for women and their struggles for equal rights. The struggles gays face parallel those of the past, and oddly enough many of those who struggled in the past (women and blacks) are guilty of the same prejudices they once struggled (and still struggle) against.   Certainly, it is human nature to think you are superior to other people who are different. Most people, for example, think humans are superior to animals and have a right to treat animals badly. They don't view themselves as having anything in common with animals and therefore do not empathize when animals are treated badly. (Unless they are cute, of course, then it's a different story! :p ) People generally think of themselves as important and like to think of themselves as better than other people.  Admittedly I am guilty of this. I feel in many ways I am superior to many straight people because of the struggles I have endured, the struggles which have made me stronger than them, struggles that they will never have to face. Many black people feel they are superior to white people and vise versa. It is a common trait that defies boundaries of class, sexuality, race and religion.   This, of course, brings us to the topic at hand. There are religious issues involved with the marriage debate. This is understandable, but I believe they truly have no place in the debate. It goes against the very law to make an institution giving rights or privileges to an established religion or group of religions. This, in and of itself, makes the claim that marriage is a religious institution empty. If that were the case then the government would, by the very law set in the constitution, have to abolish the institution of marriage all together. No one wants that. However, I do believe it is important to recognize and distinguish the differences of marriage as their ARE two types.   First you have the religious institution of marriage. No one can define that, only a particular religion, church, temple, priest, or what have you can define that. The government, rightfully, has no right to tell a religion what it should or should not believe or what it should practice or what it should not practice.   However, the debate is not over the religious institution of marriage. Most gay people can, if they wanted to, be married in a religious fashion currently. The debate over marriage centers around the civil institution of marriage as recognized by the government. Now, I am uncertain why gay people should not be allowed to have civil marriage and in fact many people (perhaps most) support civil unions. Allowing civil marriage, which would be called marriage as it already is, would not force a religion, a church, or otherwise to recognize that marriage. They could deny marriage rights to whomever they please -- just as they do now -- and it would have no effect upon them. However, the effect of not allowing marriage rights to gay people is a negative effect as anyone who is honest will admit.  Certainly, there is the argument of tradition and this is true -- marriage is traditionally a heterosexual institution -- but marriage as all things goes under redefinition as time passes and society changes and adapts. Just a hand full of years ago it was illegal for a white and black person to get married, and marriage was forced to be redefined as a marriage between two consenting adults regardless of race. That, despite what tradition had been. Before that a woman was a husbands property, and with the granting of equal rights that changed, forcing a redefining of marriage. That, despite what tradition had been. Why, then, is it wrong to once again evolve our definition of marriage to include two consenting adults, regardless of race and sexual orientation? That would simply be the next step in the evolution of marriage.  Of course, there are also arguments against gay marriage because it would "open the door" to other possibilities, and yes this argument might be true to a degree. However, those same arguments can be made for prior evolutions in marriage, interracial marriage in particular. So should we then abolish all interracial marriages and once again make wives the property of their husbands simply for the sake of tradition? Traditions, unfortunately, change as society evolves and changes.  Now, this brings us to the options which are laid out before us. Neither side is going to settle until one side wins. Gay people aren't going to accept "separate but equal" civil unions, and heterosexual people aren't going to want to allow gay people to have civil marriages. So instead we will battle each other to death until one-side ends up losing which will result in nothing but hard and bitter feelings for generations to come. One would think, as "civilized" human beings, that we could come to some sort of compromise that would make all parties involved happy at least to some degree.   The first post within this thread was one such proposal. I believe everyone here will agree -- gay marriage is eminent. It does not matter how many states place constitutional bans on gay marriage, once gay marriage makes it to the federal supreme court it will nullify them. Yes, this is the long hard road we will travel battling each other bitterly tooth and nail. The legislature will not touch the issue in fear of backlash and their pandering to political groups for votes. This leaves the courts, which is what they were designed for, to make the decision. Constitutionally, the same issue that applies to homosexuals applied to interracial couples. They won. That is why there is such a drive in Congress to pass a Federal Marriage Amendment, which would force the court (whose job is to interpret the constitution) to not recognize same sex couples as equal citizens deserving of equal protections and equal rights under the law. Of course, we all know and have seen that the FMA has no chance or hope of passing -- ever. This leaves us with only a matter of time before gay marriages happen in every state all around the country.  I believe the best compromise that can be made was the one suggested at the beginning of this thread. That the government no longer recognize marriage at all and instead allow religious institutions to have that word exclusively for themselves, and instead anyone who wishes to be "married" in the eyes of the government will have to undergo a civil union. All prior marriages would automatically constitute as a civil union. This would, at the very least, allow certain groups of people to keep their word "marriage", and allow the benefits of marriage to everyone -- making civil unions completely equal to marriage from a governmental point of view. Of course, some would argue that this isn't good enough that they shouldn't have to redefine marriage at all and just leave things the way they are. However, the alternative is to lose everything and it is a battle that will be lost. It may not happen next year or the year after, but it will happen eventually -- even if it is 50 years from now.  Naturally, this argument also goes much deeper and goes back to the argument of homosexuality not being equal to heterosexuality. Some people fear, and I believe rightfully so, that if homosexuality were to eventually be seen equal to heterosexuality then their beliefs that homosexuality is wrong will be frowned upon by society. That they will be regarded in much the same way that the KKK is regarded today. Well, there is no comfort that I can give in that because it will likely happen but it will happen regardless of whether or not gay people are allowed to get married. As time passes and gay people become more visible -- as surely is happening now -- we will become more accepted by the mainstream of society. Eventually, people will stop fearing us and instead begin to see themselves "no different" than us and you will be right where you stand now. The battle you face is not whether or not being gay should be equal to being straight but instead whether you are strong enough to hold on to your beliefs in the face of a changing and dynamic world.   In the end, sixty or seventy years from now, this entire debate will seem foolish and silly to most people. Just as segregation seems foolish and awful to those who did not live through it, although those that did will not forget what happened and may even harbor some form of resentment to this very day.   So, in the end what will those who are against gay marriage gain? I cannot see any benefit, any hope, as victory is not possible and the best hope that you have, the only hope, is to try and make some form of compromise.  Wow after all that and you still didn't say anything new.
No, Mana'ia, I most likely did not say anything new or something that hasn't been said both within and outside this forum a hundred times. However, what I did do was frame the entire debate in a better and more proper context and respond to your side with courtesy, with sincerity, and without sarcastic or snide remarks. It would have been nice had you afforded me that same courtesy.  That being said, perhaps you would like to talk about the issues now instead of trading snide remarks?  my point exactly. you didn't frame it any different and any better. It was redundant.  What do you want to debate htat hasn't been debated? What new insight are you bringing? That was my whole point.
The majority has been wrong litterally millions of time throughout history.    What is this "wrong" you speak of duo? are you acknowledging the existance of some sort of universal absolute moral ethic? Very interesting.
What a broad reaching generalization you have made. Since you are in the habit of naming logical fallacies, you should like this...You are committing the fallacy of hasty generalization as well as the fallacy of using an unrepresentative sample. This is very disturbing for one who seems to have a handle on his logical fallacies. But kudos must be given out to you as you have managed to commit two fallacies in one sentence.  not that there is anything "wrong" with that of course
What I want to know is if all these folks who feel it is their right to vote on marriage for gays would mind if the gays were allowed to vote on their marriages? Well, they are in the minority no matter what.
Yeah and the poills were also against President Bush being re elected and we know what happened there don't we........   Massive massive fraud.
There are ideals in this world that are better left alone.....lines that should not be crossed. Marriage is an ideal that does not need changing; doing so is crossing that line in the sand that was drawn there for a reason. In that case divorce should be made illegal. When you get married you promise to stay with that person for the rest of your life. In fact you do so before the presence of God. Therefore divorce should not be allowed.
I thought you had vowed never to post in this forum again. ????? I suppose with your views on divorce, your wedding vows have as much weight as your vow not to post here.  Still attacking the messenger rather than the message I see. Why not just deal with his post?
Simplism: n: The tendency to oversimplify an issue or a problem by ignoring complexities or complications. adj: simplistic http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=simplistic
Who's to say that anyone Bush might appoint wouldn't strike down a constitutional amendment that bans gay marriage? The justices are not to be the puppets of the legislature or the president. Don't forget Richard Nixon's appointment of Harry Blackmun.That's a sound point, one of the real fears of the traditionalists, and a good reason for a federal amendment. The tenth amendment is now more honored in the breach than in the observance.  What will happen when these judges interpret that a law is unconstitutional and strike it down. Will they be legislating from the bench?Yes, that's exactly what it is, but there is precedent for it. A federal judge overturned a Missouri state constitutional provision for school funding a few years ago, and ordered up his own formula. His formula failed miserably, at great cost to the citizens of the state, and was eventually abandoned. Like I said, the tenth amendment doesn't provide any protection from the federal judiciary.  In my opinion, we don't give the American people nearly enough credit to assume they can't be trusted with issues like this. Maybe, just maybe, the reason that many American people think gay marriage is wrong is simply because it IS. But I can tell you that I believe strongly enough in the American system that if enough of the public get behind gay marriage and support it to the point where it becomes legal in all the states, I would accept that as what America wants. What I don't accept is judges (individuals) deciding these issues, even going so far as to go against the American people. That is a VERY dangerous precedent that is much more monarchial than anything.Agreed in spades. For any representative government to work, two things are necessary: (1) All parties must accept the verdict of the ballot box, and (2) the winners must not overplay their hand and oppress the minorities by disenfranchising them. That said, no one will ever get everything he or she wants and it is not forbidden discrimination to deny the unqualified from admission to an institution as old as human society.
...but you are wrong to think that a removal of slavery and equal rights for women would not have come about far sooner if our government had not established a dictatorship with George Washington as the leader.That's an interesting choice of example. Do you really think a slaveholder would have freed the slaves earlier??   Remember that with slavery, the majority was horribly wrong until the iron fist of the government forced it upon them.Uhhh... I think that should read "iron fist of the majority" that abolished an abominable custom. After all, Lincoln did win the election in 1860. When read correctly though, I think you have hit on a good analogy and example of the majority stamping out an immoral practice (which is quite relevant to this debate).  With women's rights, more than half the population was oppressed.Back in the old days when the tenth amendment was still in effect, states determined who was eligible to vote. Women were first allowed to vote in Wyoming, ca 1870, because of one energetic frontier schoolteacher (from South Pass City, now a restored ghost town) who worked hard to support candidates for the very first state legislature if they would write women's suffrage into the state constitution. That concept was adopted by more than half the states before it was writted into the US Constitution in 1920.  Once again you have chosen a good example of bottom-up social change that would profit the gay activists to study.  But I do not care what America wants. I care what helps the most people.<shaking head in disbelief< Wow! You really need to place more trust in the people, and less in your own divinity.  The majority should never be trusted to decide the rights of the minority, and I think that is the most important thing I can say.Where do YOU think the federal Constitution came from?
You people crack me up.........You cite this clause when it favors you but in 2000 in Bush V Gore when the U.S. Supreme Court ruled against Gore in 2000 using the same clause you cried like babies............   Pathetic!!!!!!   What on earth are you talking about? Bush v. Gore was not ruled based on full faith and credit. How would it?
www.sfgate.com Return to regular view  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Senate committee revives bill to legalize gay marriage  - By BRIAN MELLEY, Associated Press Writer Tuesday, July 12, 2005    (07-12) 19:50 PDT SACRAMENTO, (AP) --    The quest to legalize gay marriage was revived Tuesday by a Senate committee that approved the measure that was slipped into a fisheries research bill after it failed in the state Assembly.   The Senate Judiciary Committee voted 4-1 in favor of the bill that mirrors one that fell four votes shy last month in the Assembly.   The measure by Assemblyman Mark Leno, D-San Francisco, one of six openly gay members of the Legislature, would make California's marriage laws gender-neutral as the issue is headed for the state's highest court.   Sen. Sheila Kuehl, D-Santa Monica, who said she was speaking in support of the bill as a lesbian and not as a senator, said the bill reflects the civil rights issue of the day.   "Our community's in the middle of the griddle and I'm proud of it," Kuehl said.   Opponent Randy Thomasson, who has proposed a constitutional amendment for next year's ballot that would outlaw gay marriage and remove most of the benefits of domestic partnerships, said the bill smacked of an abuse of process.   "This is really a no-brainer," Thomasson testified. "It's sad when it was defeated in one house it was reincarnated here."   Leno was able to keep the issue alive by persuading another lawmaker to let him gut and amend a bill that passed the Assembly that aimed to collect information from fisherman. He replaced it with the language from his gay marriage bill. He defended the move by saying his bill had already passed Assembly committees and would now face public votes in the Senate.   "I understand there is at times a nefarious reputation to the gut and amend process," Leno said. "That is, rightfully, when it is used at the end of the session, sometimes in the dark of the night when public hearings are short circuited. Nothing could be further from the truth with this bill."   Leno's bill would amend the state family code to define marriage between "two persons" instead of between a man and a woman. It faces a vote in another Senate committee as soon as next month. If the full Senate passes the bill, it would be the first legislative body in the nation to approve a gay marriage bill.   It took a court order last year for Massachusetts to become the first state in the nation to legalize same-sex marriage.   Leno said he still would need to round up three votes in the Assembly if it makes it through the Senate. Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, a moderate Republican, has not taken a stand on the bill, but has said voters or judges, not lawmakers, should make such social changes.   Republican opponents have argued that the issue was decided five years ago by state voters who approved a ballot initiative prohibiting the state from recognizing same-sex marriages.   However, a state judge in San Francisco ruled in March that state laws prohibiting gays from marrying are unconstitutional and the issue is likely to end up before the California Supreme Court in the next year.   While representatives of several civil rights groups spoke in favor of the bill, hundreds of opponents crowded in a Capitol hallway waiting for their turn to speak against it. Scores of the bill's foes, many from the Russian and Ukrainian communities in the Sacramento metropolitan area, added their voices in opposition, including one man who addressed the committee entirely in his native tongue.   ___   Read about bill AB849 at:   www.assembly.ca.gov/acs/acsframeset2text.htm   URL: http://sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/n/a/2005/07/12/state/n182826D97.DTL    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 2005 Associated Press
It's kind of funny, you're both playing different games by different rules and then complain when the other side doesn't play ball. I love political forums. emoticon_xlove
If you want equality in marriage, then fight for it and be consistent across the board. Otherwise you'll just continue to look like a hypocrite.  The easiest way to have consistent equality in marriage is to get the government out of marriage altogether. And conservatives need not worry that such an option would lead to government subsidizing immoral marriages.
I think that's a good solution, actually.  It is the solution. It's the only position I'm aware of that satisfies both:  < the liberal demand for equality before the law and < the conservative demand for the state to refuse to subsidize immoral marriages  Looking for a compromise? This is it.
I don't understand why so many people are up in arms about much adoo over nothing. We have golf courses that don't allow women or blacks (except Tiger Woods), churches that won't allow democrats, the NAACP, fraternities, sorieties, marriage, everybody is fighting hard to remain exclusive. There are "Not Allowed" signs popping up everywhere.  From my back porch, looking across the stock pond, all those silly things don't mean a hill of beans to me. I am more interested in that woman of mine in the kitchen wearing my workshirt...... she looks MUCH better in it than I do. emoticon_xlove
You had said on another thread that you had learned the fact that being gay has nothing to do with pedophilia. So why are you now talking like an ignoramus? Are you backslidding? The only thing that homosexuality has in common with pedophilia is that it is an atypical sexual orientation, like beastiality or something.   Those posters were talking about being gay, not pedophilia. Don't you think pedophilia is innate? Don't you think maybe pedophiles are born that way? That's what I always assumed.  When was the last time you heard the term, "heterosexual pedophile"? I have never heard that. I have never heard any connection made to heterosexuality when an adult male molests a little girl or girls, even if he identifies as heterosexual in his adult sexual orientation. That's as it should be. These are two completely different things. Just because people don't use that terminology doesn't mean that pedophiles don't have a preference. Don't you always see pedophiles going for one sex over another?  Wouldn't you call Michael Jackson a homosexual pedophile since he molests only boys?
Pedophilia is a mental disorder, not an "orientation." People aren't "born" child molestors, they become  them. How do you know this?  Well, ok, technically a person can't be a child molester until they molest their first child, so in that way, they become a child molester.  But, why wouldn't a pedophile be born that way?
Just about anything repeatedly paired with masturbation will eventually become sexually arousing in itself. It only becomes a disorder when that attraction has bad consequences, ie when it results in you wanting to molest children, or have sex with animals, or some such.  You can experiment with this for yourself; try pairing images of obese women with your masturbation, and you will eventually become sexually aroused by obese women. (Note: you may not want to actually do this).
http://allpsych.com/disorders/paraphilias/pedophilia.html So? I don't see how this proves anything.  There is also those who argue pedophilia results from feelings of inadequacy with same age peers, and therefore a transfer of sexual urges to children. While I'll forgive their bad grammar on account of their brilliant psychological insight, they haven't said anything definite here.  So would you argue that 100% of pedophiles were abused as children?  They list all the paraphilias here: http://allpsych.com/disorders/paraphilias/index.html Exhibitionism  Fetishism  Frotteurism  Pedophilia  Sexual Masochism  Sexual Sadism  Transvestic Fetishism  Voyeurism   Wasn't homosexuality listed as a paraphilia until political pressure caused the APA to remove it from the list? It wasn't because of any new medical data or anything, it was because of political pressure. It was a moral/value judgement.  But that's the case with most "psychological disorders" isn't it?  It's not typical for someone to brood and mope around all day, so a person who does this is "diagnosed" with "depression." But if everyone moped around all day, a person who didn't would be "diagnosed" with "hyperactivity disorder" or something like that.  What's on this list is very subjective, IMO. Homosexuality could easily be on this list if not for the political pressure to keep it off.  Oh, they left off beastiality? Or is that a sexual orientation now?
http://www.knowledge-finder.com/psychology/pedophile-children-fantasies.html  It is a startling fact that the etiology of this paraphilia is unknown.  So people could be born as pedophiles?
The distinction between gender of victim and sexual orientation of perpetrator is important because many child molesters don't really have an adult sexual orientation. They have never developed the capacity for mature sexual relationships with other adults, either men or women.  Doesn't this mean that their sexual orientation is toward children?  It may be a disorder, but it's also a sexual orientation.  That's the way homosexuality was treated until the 70's. eh?
Paedophilia is much more analogous to rape. Rapists, even if their victims are male, do not tend to identify as gay. It is not generally about attraction or sex so much as it is about power, control and dependence. Comparing consensual sex between adults of any gender with non-consensual sex simply does not make sense.
http://www.psychnet-uk.com/dsm_iv/pedophilia.htm http://www.healthatoz.com/healthatoz/Atoz/ency/sexual_perversions.jsp http://web4health.info/en/answers/sex-paraphi-causes.htm So. All of this could be applied to homosexuality.  Actually, this quote from you could apply to heterosexuality, so it's pointless.  Most paraphilic fantasies begin in late childhood or adolescence and continue throughout adult life. Intensity and occurrence of the fantasies are variable, and they usually decrease as people get older.  Just replace paraphilic with sexual.  Your quotes aren't helping you: There is very little certainty about what causes a paraphilia.  The development of a paraphilia is not usually a matter of conditioning alone; there must usually be some predisposing factor,  They all offer "theories" and "assumptions" but no one knows where paraphilias come from. No one knows for sure whether pedophilia is innate or not.  Your persistent attempts to redefine clinical terms at your whim, They sure seem like they are whimsically defined as they are.  ignore the facts presented to you, and concoct lay "theories" that in no way reflect any current medical belief is not only clear evidence of a blatant anti-gay bias but a pernicious attempt to slander gays by constructing a link between homosexuality and pedophilia where one does not exist, on the basis of no evidence whatsoever. First of all, feelings about these paraphilias and even the theories that shrinks pull out of their asses to explain them are based more on social mores than on medicine. My lay "theories" are just as concocted as the "theories" you have presented as examples. They all say "no one knows for sure, but we believe such and such..."  Second, you could not be more wrong about my stance on gays.
Homosexuality was removed because of the research, and because it does not fit the requirements to be a paraphilia. Gay people live happy, fullfilling lives. There is no distress from gay activity to one's self or to others.  If we lived in a culture where it was ok to have sex with children, the same could be said for this paraphilia also.  There would be no distress on willing participants.  Everyone would lead happy lives.  There were politics involved on both sides, and both sides had the chance to make their cases. It's time some people got over what happened over 30 years ago, unless they have some compelling new piece of evidence to present. The only evidence to present is that in our culture it's ok to screw any adult who will let you, but you cannot screw any child that will let you.
Paedophilia is much more analogous to rape. No, but child molestation is. But only because our culture and our laws tell kids that it's bad to have sex with grown-ups and vice versa.  Rapists, even if their victims are male, do not tend to identify as gay. It is not generally about attraction or sex so much as it is about power, control and dependence. Comparing consensual sex between adults of any gender with non-consensual sex simply does not make sense. Right, I was never comparing child rape with homosexuality. I was intrigued by the way our culture treats 2 different paraphilias. A pedophile can live their whole life being one without raping a child, just like a closet gay can live their whole life without expressing their sexuality.
Anyone that does not believe the pedophiles that molested these youg boys were not gay is in a total state of denial........  To bring up the subject of rape is nothing more then a smoke screen to deflect from the issue..........  If the priests were not gay they would have molested young girls too........That is a simple fact that is undeniable no matter how you try and spin it........  From what I recall some priests did assault girls, but they had more ready access to boys.
Anyone that does not believe the pedophiles that molested these youg boys were not gay is in a total state of denial........  To bring up the subject of rape is nothing more then a smoke screen to deflect from the issue..........  If the priests were not gay they would have molested young girls too........That is a simple fact that is undeniable no matter how you try and spin it........  Anyone who thinks rape or sexual molestation is about sex adds to perpetuating of both problems.
We shall see........Regardless of what the polls say I think the Spanish people will follow the precepts of the RCC and the Pope and vote down by a huge margin any idea of legalizing gay marriage..............  The spanish people have no say on this matter. They elected the socialists, and now it`s up to the senate to decide wether the bill will pass without delay or not.
Nice to see a vocal minority out trying to subvert a mandate handed down by the silent majority. ;)
Asking for a "logical" reason something is moral or immoral is like asking someone to tell you what purple smells like--morality is a philosophical issue, not a strictly objective one. Uh, in philosophy - the analytic tradition, the productive one - morality is treated as an objective subject, to be handled logically and rationally. Some philosophers, such as Immanuel Kant, have even argued that morality is purely a rational thing.  http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/morality-definition/
It's odd seeing someone show where Biblical scripture says logic and religion go hand-in-hand when they take any given opportunity elsewhere to portray religion as illogical, such as in their tagline.  Is it your position that religion IS logical?  I always thought that religion was an excercize of faith even when the various myths presented, on any particular religion, are beyond the realms of logic, reason and in many cases reality.
Actually, I tend to agree with you. I think religion calls for faith, which is not always an excercise in reason and logic. Sometimes it can be, but not always. The difference between someone of faith and the rationist-only isn't usually that the person of faith is anti-rationalism, but that they understand that faith is not a bad thing to rely on for moral and religious issues. So I do agree with you for the most part, but I also add that I believe faith is ok too.  Thanks for the response. I agree as well.
Some sources I came up with in a random Google search are: http://www.gaysouthafrica.org.za/homosexuality/bible.asp http://www.truluck.com/html/six_bible_passages.html http://www.whosoever.org/bible/corin.html http://www.whosoever.org/bible/tim.html   I'm not sure how you can say these quotes are accurate. The whosoever site says it's a "magazine for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgendered Christians" quoted from the site. The truluck site is a "response to the abusive use of the Bible against gays and lesbians", quoted from the site. The first site's URL speaks for itself. It seems that you have found some very biased sources here.
why is incest a taboo? can you answer that?   I think it has to do with offspring being geneticly inferior and stands a greater risk for mutations and deformations.   But I guess if an incestous couple wants to adopt and marry, it should be allowed (I know that it`s not at the moment but there is no real good reason why).
Jesus states in Matthew 5:18 " I tell you the truth, until heaven and earth disappear, not the smallest letter, not the least stroke of a pen will by any means disappear from the Law until everything is accomplished."   I've wondered about that. Why aren't you kosher then? Christians don't follow most of the Levitical laws.
And since all Scripture is inspired by God / Jesus (2 Timothy 3:16),  Can you clear something up? When Paul wrote that all scripture is inspired by God, he clearly couldn't have been refering to his own letters, since they weren't scripture. Does that mean that Paul's letters aren't inspired by God, or do you have some other justification for saying that they are?  Straight forward question. Please, a straight forward answer.
The LITERAL interpretation of the first amendment is read that government shall not interfere with matters of the church. Not the other way around. Contrary to popular opinion. You cannot take God out of the marketplace of ideas.  Actually a LITERAL interpretation is that the government can't make any laws that RESPECT the ESTABLISHMENT of religion. So if it has anything to do with the establishment of religion, they can't make a law about it. Of course God can be in the marketplace of ideas, but the government can't sponsor it. Government-sponsored religion I think is a bad idea. Marriage is a religious idea, and it shouldn't be in the government.  But regardless if it's against the first ammendment or not, another amendment can overturn that. I don't agree with it but if it were passed the first amendment wouldn't apply there.
You forgot the all-important 2nd part which I believe is what Bassman was talking about<b></b>: "or prohibiting the free exercise thereof."  Of course, but I think the first part implies the second part. The government can't make laws that RESPECT the ESTABLISHMENT of religion. That means they can't make laws about how people can worship, where or when they can exercise their religion, or any other restrictions based solely on the fact that it is religion. They can say you can't pray out loud in a classroom as long as no talking is allowed. The first ammendment doesn't give you the right to disobey other rules because of religion, but it makes it so the government can't make rules that specifically respect to religion. Either way it does indeed say that the government shouldn't sponsor any religion or religious display or words.
And now it is time wipe the nation clean of religion in the law and the pubic square. It is fine if people want to practice religion in their homes and churches but the rest of us should not have to look at, be passively involved in, or bound by laws that relect religious teachings of any kind. I want a turly secluar nation that views religion as a private matter and possible a mental disease. In order to be totally free one must be allowed to throw religion out the window. I would be fine with a live and let live when it comes to religion however the evagelicals and catholics are not content to live and let live they have declared war upon Glbt people. They are trying to impose their religious moral views upon us regardless of our religious views.  I disagree. You don't have the right to "not have to look at [religion]". You shouldn't be bound by any laws that are PURELY religious in nature (no killing is still allowed because it has a secular basis as well). People have the right to exercise their religion in public and preach about it in any other time you would be able to talk. What they can't do (in my opinion) is have government-sponsored religion or religious displays sponsored by the government. If you want to display religious icons on your property, that's your right.
Why is this in the religion section?
Here's a challenge for you, using your own analogy, we'll both go back to university-  I'll learn to speak spanish in a semester.  You "learn" to be gay in a semester.  It'll be fun.  Waxy  P.S. Beervolcano, you can join in the fun too if you want, I'll even learn Italian in addition to give you some better odds.  Don't mean to split hairs here, but I've never heard of anyone who could truly learn to speak any foreign language in a semester (a span of about 4 months). To learn to really speak it, as in freely converse, be fluent, and get along well in Spanish speaking countries takes years for anyone but extremely gifted people.
Religion is a controversial issue, does that mean schools shouldn't tell young kids anything about religion?
The parents say that they would like the opportunity to explain there views about this subject to the child. This is the problem, the parents want to instll bigotry and discimination into there children. are you kidding? a parent wants to explain to their child their views on the subject, and that is a problem? and you immediately and automatically assume that the parents want to instill bigotry and discrimination in the child? this has got to be a joke. please...
See we have no problem with your gayness. If you were not gay, your behavior - like pursuing relationships - would be perfectly fine. But because you are gay, it is abominable. All you gays need to do is act like you are not gay at all, and Christians would have no problem with your behavior. That's all. this makes absolutlely no sense at all. didnt jyoshu specifically spell out that its the BEHAVIOR that christianity has a problem with? any man comitting a gay sexual relationship, regardless of orientation, is committing a sin according to the bible. if you have a problem with that, then disregard the bible. thats all
In this case, evidence has been clearly shown that THESE parents DO want to instill their child with views prejudiced against gays.  If you can bring up a REAL LIFE example where parents want to prevent their kid from hearing the school's discussion, and also not instill prejudice and discrimination, we're all ears! yes, THESE parents did indicate such. my contention was about parents explaining from their point of view, not preventing their children from hearing the school's view. a parent has every right to explain, or even refutr, what is taught in schools if the school's teaching goes against what the parents knows to be fect, or gainst the parent's opinion. you cant assume this means discrimination or something negative just because the parent feels he or she should explain to her child what was discussed in school  1) What good does it do to "disregard the bible" when there are Christians wanting to enforce the laws of the Bible on gays regardless of whether or not we "regard" it??? because the question of whether or not a gay act is a sin is purely religious, and has nothing to do with law. read carefully what i posted 2) Jyoshu's explanation spelled out a theoretical approach, but the actual application to this approach shows prejudice and discrimination against gay people. Not just gay people who engage in gay behavior, but gay people. and thats different and contrary to what jyoshu posted. can a straight man commit a gay sex act? or is it only gays that can do this? how do you draw the line? 3) That distinction is inane, in practice. It's like saying that you are prejudiced against "Jewish behavior"...The impact is the same. Prejudice against Jews. or prejudice against childish behavior, or terrorist behavior. neither is a form of discrimination against children nor humans, because we are lead to believe that behaviors are within the control of the individual to change. unless you also believe that all behaviors are permanent, innate and unchangeable It's like saying that you're against people who help make GM cars, but you're not against people who work for GM. is it possible for somebody to work at gm and not help make gm cars? i suppose it is, but chances are that person wont have his job for long. 4) If laws were created which discriminated against "heterosexual behavior", would you think that they don't target heterosexuals? That they're not against heterosexuals? If a person said they were prejudiced against CHRISTIAN behavior, as opposed to being prejudiced against Christians, would you think that is a meaningful distinction? no it isnt. there is a problem with the common definition of what a gay person is. i believe i might have a perspective of the definition which might differ from yours and jyoshu's. but it doesnt make sense to distinguish between a gay person and someone who commits gay sexual acts.
You know what is ironic here. The word "parents". Who can be a parent in nature? Well, where a sperm and an egg, no matter how you slice it, must come together to produce a child, be that the old-fashioned way or with modern science.  Two male sperms can never produce a child and two eggs can never produce a child. So who is "upset"? Hmmmm... some in here say the "parents" who actually create children, a sperm and an egg, are "ignorant" or "bigots" and the people who "adopt" because it is genetically impossible for them to create with two sperms or two eggs are "enlightened"?  Some things I will never get.
a quote from Matthew:  Bigots will be bigots. ...  and a quote from jitobear:  I love it. More stupid, paranoid parents for me to mock mock mock. They are sooo part of a great big problem.  See, I didn't make this up.   The thing is, this IS a sensitive subject. Both sides need to stop calling people "stupid", "bigots", among other stuff, because when we can't effectively communicate then we really get no where but angry.  Then you get somewhat "neutral" people like me, not even going "there" on this subject, because what is the point, no one wants to see the full picture. Just call 'em XXXXX or bigot, that's about the extent these two sides seem to come to. Am I right or am I right?   That's just my two cents.
See, that's what I'm talking about.  You're playing games with words. You wrote it and I copied it the way you wrote it. How did you want me to interpret "bigots will be bigots" when talking about "those parents"??????  So this is why I don't bother on this subject, because, I'm not completely in your court and I'm not completely in their court.  We live in a "me-me" society, and there is plenty wrong with that.
I guess I get defensive about it sometimes because there really are a lot of people in these fora that spend an inordinate amount of effort trying to debunk Christianity--I believe they have an axe to grind and that at times it is because of their prejudices. Come to think of it, you don't really have a record of that, so I apologize for the assertion. At the same time, I don't see the value of trying to determine that Christian morality is not unique. I believe it IS unique in a number of respects, but even if it is not, I have other reasons to hold to that it is the way to go.  From what I read in this forum, few people push anyone to discard their religious beliefs or lack of same. Most every subject that comes up involving argumentative differences of opinion on religion stem from Christians attempting to claim their belief system is the sole option and only oracle on any given subject. While extremists, primarily evangelicals, invariably resort to quoting scripture in emotional attempts to drive their point(s), most discussions are very civilized with well researched and intelligent comments.
NO I mean every word of what I type. If they institute these rules I will back off gay claim to marriage and accept that marriage is about children. As long as they continue to let 70 and 80 year olds get married marriage is not about children and there is no reason to exclude gay people.  I would also add one more lisencing rule  8 No one may have children with out a marriage lisence.  Well I gotta hand it to you, Matt, you're consistent.
what is your opinion on gay marrages???
what do you mean by opinion? Whether or not to allow them or whether or not they last....give us something :)  just how i said it... opinion...  like, what you think of it
Define, gay.   the sexuality gay
You mean like they are happy wile having sex?  should i break it down for you??? ok lets go into categories, bisexuals, transsexuals, gays, lesbians. simple enough for you??
I'd like to add my voice to those disagreeing with SpicyGirl on the adoption issue. It seems to me the bottom line--regardless of how you feel about gay relationships--is that kids need a nurturing home. It's strange to me that there those out there who would rather see kids either out on the street or in orphanages rather than with a parent who happens to be gay. Put the kids first.
The Tommy story happened to my son - I just changed the names. I know "Tommy's" parents. They are like you, they would never openly make fun of gay people or condone Tommy's actions. They just politely disapprove. What do you think Tommy hears when those around him, or at church politely cut down gay couples and families - say it is against God, nature or bad for children or society? Everytime anyone speaks as such, they do my family damage.   I'm curious as to where exactly you draw the line there. At what point, specifically, does disagreement about gay relations turn harmful? While I disagree with Spicy on the adoption issue, I can't go along with this idea of yours that mere disagreement to any extent on homosexality is harmful. This IS a national debate, and people are going to have to accept that there are opinions on both sides to be said. To not do so, and try to sweep one whole side under the rug by arbitrarily declaring the whole thing harmful with no regard for specifics or degree is going to get you nowhere.   But here's the thing: even if it IS harmful to some unknown degree, I think it is safe to say that you have a lot worse opponents out there than someone who quietly, politely, and respectfully disagrees. So it seems odd to me that you put as much effort into the opposing the respectful voices rather than opposing those who CLEARLY hate gay people and do so vocally. Is it because you won't get as much virulent argument out of the more respectful ones that you target them with this unreasonable and unrealistic idea of yours? Using your logic, I could claim ANY position held by anyone on ANY issue is harmful. That's how wide-open your standard is here, to what constitutes harm. So again, where do you draw that line specifically to where it becomes harmful? Someone saying "God hates gays" as publically as they can? Someone who "has no problem with gays whatsoever other than a little homophobia?" Somewhere in-between? Because if you're going to keep this up nearly every single time someone argues with you respectfully on a homosexuality-related issue, you need to say.  I'd also like to know what harm, specifically, comes from someone giving respectful disagreement in the debate. To what extent are you hurt by that? Because I suspect you can't really quantify it.
Let me make this analogy. Is there anyone in your life, whom you love, who is a blonde? What if violence was committed against them for being blond? Or maybe there were efforts to not allow them access to public schools, or roads, or marriage. Or maybe people just loudly or quietly preached or debated that blondes weren't natural, weren't loved by God, or were bad parents. Where would you draw the line? What of those actions against your loved ones would be acceptable?  No! If there were some instances in the world where blondes were being killed I would NOT blame anyone who happened to respectfully think blondes shouldn't get married for some reason;I'd blame the people that were doing the violence. It's that simple. In fact, I'd want to dialog with the people who felt that way about blondes and find out why they felt that way, and what their concerns were. The ONLY ones I'd blame for violence are those who are violent and commit violent acts. I just don't understand your mindset on this.  Where I draw the line is this: people who do crimes are the ones blamed for the crimes. Not so-and-so in a completely different town/state/country who who just happens to share SOME degree of a view on an issue. If you want to stop violence, then stop violence and violent people--don't seek to shut down dialog and the marketplace of conversation just because a violent person happens to have a similar view on some issue to some degree as whomever you are conversing with. It's not only unfactual to blame non-violent people for violence, but it sells short the gay rights movement because it misplaces blame that should be going to the right place.
There is no question that those doing violence ought to be held accountable, and I even said I am pleased that you (and others) are not engaging in acts of violence. But there is more than an act to consider. There is intent. There is motivation. There is the reason why. If violence is committed because someone is gay - why is that? Where does the message come from that gays aren't OK? It isn't just those committing acts of violence. SpicyGirl helps send that message. So do you. That's what I mean when I say you are part of the problem.  Again, that could be construed and said about any issue, from any position on the issue. It's just not a good way to approach debate to condemn a whole side of the debate by claiming it causes violence. Perhaps if you could prove that it always causes violence, you might have something. But you can't prove that. People are not autonomons; they make their own choices. There are a world of ideas out there and it's not about the ideas, but rather how we as human beings choose to act on them. Frankly, I find your way of thinking on this to be alarming, in the same way anyone trying to be some sort of thought-police would be alarming. It's the same sort of thing that people use against gay people sometime by not only standing against gays, but even the ideology that gays are ok.  Do you mean to actually tell me that if your daughter/wife/best friend were blonde you would politely consider whether or not they should be granted the same legal access as brunettes?  That you would seriously consider talk that said or implied they were dirty, unworthy, inferior? That you actually believe their level of humanity should be debatable issue for the brunettes to determine? This is how you love someone?  But you aren't limiting your condemnation here toward only people who say those things. No one here has said they were dirty or unworthy, or inferior. Or that their "level of humanity" should be debated. If someone came in saying that, then I'd agree with you. You're taking issue with people who simply have a different view about marriage. Or moral views that have nothing to do whatsoever with the worth or value of people.
But you don't seem to get it. Bottom line no one should have the right to have an opinion about someone elses marriage.   In short they think they are allowed an opinion about my marriage but I am not allowed an opinion about their marriage.  Matthew, anyone should have the right to any opinion they want about anything. Opinions are the realm of thoughts and ideas, Matthew. Are you now trying to remove someone's right to think? Because that's just simply impossible. Let's get this squared away right now .... I am in a heterosexual marriage. You are welcome and completely within your rights to think anything you want about that. You are within your rights to have whatever opinion about my marriage you want, just as anyone is free to have any opinion. I'm curious, how exactly do you propose removing the right of having an opinion? Mind control experiments? Tell them that 'you better not have that thought, or you'll be punished!' How can you enforce thought?  This has never been about right-to-an-opinion. It's about the law and how our system works. We punish criminals when they commit a crime. That's the only reasonable way to do it; The unreasonable way to do it is to blame people who haven't done any crime for the crimes of others.
No it can't. Only those issues where people are getting hurt due to an ideology that claims a superiroity to another group of people - PREJUDICE.  But that's just it--you have no idea 'if it's due to an ideology' or not. You claim it is because it just so happens that some people on your side of the issue has experienced violence. But to claim mere disagreement alone is a cause is just not reasonable. That's why I asked you earlier to tell me at hat point, specifically, ideology becomes harmful. At what point in the ideology does it become a catalyst for violence. I'm sure that at SOME point, ideology does do that. Naturally, if someone says "gays should be killed" then that's dangerous. But I think it's ridiculous to say that something like saying "gays shouldn't redefine marriage" is a catalyst for violence. Or even if someone says "I morally disagree that gay sex is ok." Those aren't people to blame for violence against gays, and the fact you basically have to jump through roundabout speculative hoops to make blame stick to such people says it all.  You may not buy into all of these - but they exist none the less; "gays are sinful", "gay parents are bad/confusing for children", "gays are a threat to marriage, society, the American way, etc."  But those are examples of statement directed at gay people, not at things like marriage and homosexuality relations. If you're only condemning statements of people that say that, then fine, because most people who oppose gay marriage or are on the other side of the fence on these issues don't say that. They don't say "gays are bad" they say "gay marriage is bad" or "gay relations is wrong", etc. Those are two VERY different concepts and the difference is VERY important. But even there, I don't see that you've proven how those views truly cause harm. It's when people act on those view and hurt people that it matters.  Maybe you don't condone violence. Maybe you wouldn't choose it. But you make it easier for those who do to justify it. What does one do with a threat afterall?  Like I said, that could be said about any issue. I could just as justifiably claim that when someone says "America is bad" it makes it easier for terrorists to justify terrorist acts on Americans. But we don't tell people they can't say "America is bad." Opinions are opinions, and actions are actions. When people support legalized medical marajuana, it makes it easier for people to harm themselves with marajuana. We don't tell people they can't have an opinion that we should have legalized marajuana.  And by the way, you speak ugly untruths about people I love. You bet your XXX I condemn you for it.   Nope; I do not speak anything about anyone you love (or hate, or are otherwise connected with in some way). You don't get the difference between talking about the actions some people do and talking about the people themselves.
With me, I disagrre. But that does not mean it won't stay that way. That does not mean, in the long run I'm going to run up and hurt someone who is gay. So your statement is wrong!!  Same with me. Some with MOST people, I suspect. But when people with whom you disagree with act as if the distinction (that you pointed out) doesn't exist, it does the debate no good whatsoever, as I'm sure you've noticed.
Take World War II for example. Most Germans didn't know what was going on with the Jews and the holocaust. But even though they were ignorant, the anti-Semitic lies promulgated by the Germans helped others in power to move forward with the Holocaust.  But we don't blame the rest of Germany for the holocaust. We blame the Nazis who did it, and were put on trial. If you'll go back and notice, the issue is whether others are to blame for such atrocities.  Not to mention that there is not holocaust going on against gays ...
But as far as an actual "holocaust" with death camps goes, I guess we should be thankful that we don't have one. That way, it allows some people to focus on how gays aren't being killed so that they can ignore the other XXXX that gays go through...  Oh brother! emoticon_rolleyes Need I remind you that you were the one who used the genocide analogy? emoticon_xdonno Not other "some people."
I used the holocaust analogy with regards to how it PERTAINED TO THE SUBJECT MATTER. How people not directly involved in the "violence" can contribute to the atmosphere for the "violence".  Hmm ... funny, I don't seem to remember you being too concerned about the subject mattier when I've made analogies in the past about the moral view of homosexual relations and people erroneously took it as an affront to gay people when that wasn't intended at all. But oh well ...   Yet you felt it necessary to point out the obvious, while ignoring a variety of other posts on the "silent disagreement" and harm...  That's because regardling silent disagreement, even respectful disagreement, I don't see any proof whatsoever that it's harmful, in ANY way. If you care to offer proof, then by all means do so.  The "...so that they can ignore the other XXXX that gays go through..." was aimed specifically at the fact that you were pointing out the obvious, while ignoring other aspects of the discussion...  No, the issue isn't whether or not gays go through XXXX. No one ever said they didn't. The issue is whether or not respectful disagreement on the issue CAUSES the XXXX, and more importantly, the need of those who claim it to prove it.
I have TWICE now pointed to proof where discrimination harms gays. If a person supports discrimination against gays, even "silently", and that discrimination has an effect, then that support has had an impact.  Discrimination may harm gays, but that doesn't mean that disagreement CAUSES discrimination. You've proven nothing to the point. There may, in fact, be some who disagree for which no impact is made. You have no idea who makes an impact, nor to what degree. Just because you CLAIM it has an impact does not constitute proof.  You claimed that "most" fall into a category like yourself, and I disproved that. Predictably, no response.  No you didn't. You just disagreed.  I posted an APA article about the effects of supported discrimination against gays and the harmful effect that has on gays. Again, predictably no response.  But we aren't necessarily talking about "supported discrimination". That's a term you brought to the table here. We're talking about any potential disagreement over issues related to homosexuality--the moral issue, for instance. And for that matter, the article shows the effects of discrimination, but does nothing to show how disagreement CAUSES discrimination. So you've not proven it at all. I already told you this was about CAUSE. But predictably, no response.
If there was no disagreement, would the discrimination exist? In a society where we have a constitution that enforces equality, and a democracy that allows people to create and revoke laws, would the discrimination exist if nobody had "disagreement" over gay rights???  Do you really think it's tha cut and dry? That everyone who disagrees is a cause of discrimination? I think that's a bit extreme. For one it doesn't take into account that the real cause would more likely be those who don't have a respectful opinion. Discrimination exists for probably many reasons, but I don't think it's reasonable to be able to just take anyone who respectfully disagrees and say "You're part of the cause!" And that's where you're logic goes. IMO, this is a ridiculous debate, because it shouldn't even be an issue. People shouldn't be castigated for disagreeing on something and made to feel like they are causing something awful just by having a respectful opinion. It does nothing good for a healthy debate, and it's treading on ground that is unprovable because no matter what you say here you'll never be able to take any ONE respectful person and prove that THEY were a cause of the "XXXX" that you mentioned (whether that's discrimination or whatever). And you know that.  If the disagreement isn't "silent", and people make known their desire to discriminate against gays, that does have an impact.  Impact or cause? You're using a lighter term. Since you aren't using the term "cause" can I assume you agree that attributing cause to someone wh respectfully disagrees is unreasonable?  And for what it's worth, I think you're also just about as hard pressed to prove any one person has an impact.  I have given the proof before, with again no comment from you. I showed that around 70% of the people who are against gay marriage are ALSO against any form of gay union recognition. We could do further math and demonstrate that those against gay marriage also have a majority (of that sub-group) against a variety of other gay equality issues. They're against gays. Not JUST gay marriage.  What does that have to do with people who respectfully disagreeing being a CAUSE for the "XXXX" that gays deal with?  What the hell do you think we're "disagreeing" on in the first place???  Oh come on. You know what I mean. it could be any number of issues--that gay relations are morally ok, for instance. Or disagreeing that gays should be able to redefine marriage (while still being for them getting couples' benefits). I shouldn't have to define for you what would be respectful disagreement. Now it's YOU who apparently needs to obvious pointed out to you.  You don't see how the anti-gay side, disagreeing with the pro-gay side, on the issue of gay rights can lead to discrimination??? The anti-gay support for discrimination LEADING TO discrimination???  No, not necessarily. It's ust not that simple, and you know that. I also think it's interesting that you're talking in terms of the WHOLE SIDE rather than individuals, because it's individuals that we're talking about here. If you can't prove to me that any ONE respectful person is a cause, then you don't have a case. That's what you don't get--when you post some article or APA report that says supported discrimination hurts gays, that doesn't prove to me that MY opinions are harming gays. ME. Or any other ONE person. Not the mush of anti-gayism (with ALL it's degrees, respectul or NON-respectful) out there, or however you want to broadly refer to it. "Supported discrimination" is about the discrimination being harmful, NOT the people who respectfully disagree on some area that touches on homosexuality. You're dealing with something so gray an area, and something so non-concrete, it can't be quantified. But go ahead, think that you can quantify it, all the time unable to do so.
I am talking about people who argue over the existence of a discriminatory practice.  So given than that's specifically what you're talking about, should I assume that you don't think someone's moral disagreement over homosexuality causes harm? Because you only seem to want to talk about the discriminatory question.  We also need to remember that what is discriminatory in this is very much a matter of opinion. As well as whether or not the discrimination is warranted.   When it comes to votes in favor of discrimination, or voices which enable discrimination to continue, the "respectfulness" of the voice is irrelevant.  We aren't talking abot voting here. But if you're going to continue with these vague statements like "voices which enable", you need to quantify it and give examples. What constitutes a voice that doesn't enable discrimination to continue? I'm simply not going to let you get away with these vague statements if you insist on making them. Give some specifics and draw the lines.  Are you telling me that you think that if every voice in opposition of gay equality on issues like adoption or gay civil unions were suddenly turned into "respectful opinions", that it would mean the discrimination would cease to exist?  I don't know. That's the point, no one does. You working off an unfounded premise.  You have given no reason why that isn't the case.  It makes no sense that it WOULD be the case to begin with. It makes much MORE sense that the disrespectful and hateful voices would be fueling the "XXXX" gays deal with. ( as you put it)  Moreover, just because MULTIPLE things may cause X to exist, doesn't mean that an individual component of the cause of X is somehow absolved of its part in causing X to exist.  The key word is "MAY" cause, in the first part of your statement. It's funny how you jump to the automatic assumption that those individual components are the cause with a word like "may" in your premise. And then even expect someone to prove they aren't (a negative).  It's funny how you often castigate gays in their fight for equality  Back it up. Where have I castigated gays? Or is that another unbacked claim?  Along those lines, do you disagree with what I ACTUALLY said above?  The little "logic" statement or what?  No. I don't know what you mean as it hasn't been explicitly defined before. "redefining marriage"? That is supported discrimination.   Well, in your opinion. emoticon_xgood   "morally ok"? I personally could care less about.   Really? You could care less that some morally disapprove of homosexuality? Wow! That's quite a statement.  It's funny how you did that. I was talking about just DISAGREEMENT and what issues the DISAGREEMENT revolves around. I said nothing about "respectful". I made no question regarding "respectful". And then you turn around and pretend I need the obvious regarding "respectful disagreement" pointed out.  And for the record Jyoshu, don't think it has gone unnoticed how you suddenly have dropped the "silent disagreement" approach, replacing "silent" with "respectful".  "respectful" has been a part of this from early on, before you even weighed in. We've been talking about opinions that weren't hateful and respectful, and the fact that there is a difference. Let me help you get back on track: Some people respectfully disagree on issues related to homosexuality. The issue is whenever someone does that, it causes harm. Remember now? Please try to keep up.   How do you differentiate a SIGNIFICANT difference between "whole side" and "individuals"?  It's very simple, and it's a very crucial difference. The "whole side" contains both people who are very hateful and obviously harmful, the Phelpsian types. It could be said that it contains people who also disagree on these issues without being hateful, and without being rooted in hate, and respectfully give their opinions. It IS a national debate, after all. I'd say that's a significant difference. Both may disagree that gays should have marriage, but may completely differ in the other details (such as that gays should STILL get couples' benefits). When you focus ONLY on the whole group the whole point of the debate is lost because you'v then added hateful dissenters to the equation, when it's about the non-hateful ones.  This is a mundane refusal to admit the obvious! If 100 people push a brick wall and force it to topple, then it's not just the "whole side" of the 100 people, but each individual person involved bears a responsibility for toppling that brick wall.  Depends! Some of them might not even be pushing, but they may be on that side of the wall--that's the whole point!  And for the record Jyoshu, don't think it has gone unnoticed how you suddenly have dropped the "silent disagreement" approach, replacing "silent" with "respectful".
It can cause harm, depending upon the importance a person places upon a need for moral "agreement" or approval. Your moral agreement means nothing to me. But if a father were to morally disagree with who his son or daughter is, that could have deep and long-lasting repercussions.   If somebody says that somebody is disqualified because they are gay, that is DISCRIMINATION. Jyoshu? Can you give me an example of something you think is debatable with regards to whether or not it is discrimination?  Disagreeing that gays should redefine marriage while still maintaining that they should get couples' benefits. Could possibly be separate-but-equal issue, but debatable in terms of discriminatory. For that matter, I did say "debatebale." Anything is debateable.  Logistically, I simply don't have the time to deal with a debate where every little sentence is nitpicked to death here, so I'm going to respond the rest in a more general way.  Your question about whether discrimination would disappear if a large % of people started respectfully disagreeing is an invalid question because the problems would already have been caused and be in place before they started that. Respectfully disagreeing doesn't necessarily mean opposing the discrimination. But it doesn't necessarily mean CAUSING it either. It's too vague of a situation.  Correcting your "may" oversight is all too convenient. The "may" is more accurate because it's an unproven premise to begin with; your freudian slip was noted.   Since you're focusing on the "criticism" def of "castigate" then I'll accept that and your example, with the understanding that with that def, gay rights people castigate others all the time as well. emoticon_xangel   And finally, the issue (for me) IS respectful disagreement. That's what I consider to be the main problem with your view, esp. given that you've allowed for "silent" disagreement already.
You're missing the HUGE road-block here. Equal DOES NOT EXIST.  Then why oppose a 'separate-but-equal' argument on the basis that there is separatism if that's not what it is? Why even call it that? The "BUT EQUAL" would not be accurate if waht you say is the case, but that's not the basis of your argument against it (or at least it hasn't been up to this point).  THAT is one of the huge problems that existed with the "separate but equal" black schools and white schools. The black schools were left as unequal. Inferior.  Then that's an issue where there was a lack of equality, NOT separate-but-equal. Why would you call it separate-but-equal if that's not what you think it was?  And by analogy, the gays don't even HAVE the schools in most states. In a lot of states, we are FORBIDDEN from having any type of school.  You keep shifting back and forth here where it's convenient .... MY position is for gays to HAVE the school (the benefits), but not calling it marriage.  So telling me "separate but equal" when I'm looking at multiple states that forbid the "equal" portion of that sounds pretty darn shallow.  The only way it is "debatable" is the same way that the shape of the earth is debatable.  Oh please. In your dreams. Last time I checked, gay marriage happens to be one of the biggest debates going on in society right now--I don't know anywhere that the earth's shape is being debated. And it's not like you've been able to show how giving gays couples' benefits would be discriminatory!   You're missing the point jyoshu. If you have Group A fighting FOR issue #1, and Group B fighting AGAINST issue #1, and Group B suddenly disappears leaving no opposition...  But you're ignoring the 800 lb gorilla--group C--that opposes gays in a hateful and non-respectful fashion. THAT'S the group that's the real problem, not the respectful one. That's why it wouldn't matter if group B suddenly disappeared. Get it? Group C would still continue being the prevention to the equality you want because they would still be there.  My question is valid. You can't answer it because it defeats your purpose. I have already demonstrated that the EXISTENCE of discrimination harms gays, so you can't do anything to acknowledge that even "respectful disagreement" helps perpetuate the discrimination which harms gays.  No you haven't! You've only shown that discrimination itself can be harmful; you haven't proven anything in terms of whether those who respectfully disagree with you are perpetuating or causing it. Those are TWO DIFFERENT THINGS.  Furthermore, you're ignoring an important aspect here--that those who respectfully disagree often are also in favor you NOT being discriminated against, but just meeting that goal in other ways than redefining marriage. So your whole idea that respectful disagreement is prepetuating discrimination is unfounded to begin with.   Why don't you just answer the question, even though you'll argue it's invalid, and admit that if EVERYBODY who disagreed with gay equality switched to "respectful disagreement", then the discrimination would still exist ergo the harm to gays would still exist?  Er, becase it's not true. emoticon_xangel You're leaving out a major part of the equation (group C).   Let me guess. This is where I ask you what definition of "castigate" you were using, and like most of my questions to you, you completely ignore it?  The same definition you used.
Quite frankly, the anti-gay marriage is failing to realize that their side is losing points in the polls. Polls with the younger voters demonstrates that most young people SUPPORT gay marriage. The age group most opposed to gay marriage is the OLDEST age group.  Of all the claims that gay marriage proponents make, this is one of the siliest, because it amounts to nothing substantial. When polls say what you claim, yet ballot initiative after ballot initiative in state after state clearly shows rejection of gay marriage, the polls obviously mean very little. Particularly when marriage is dealt with on a state-by-state basis (marriage benefits are provided by states, not the federal level.) Not to mention that some states are moving to ban it altogether (even civil unions). I think you aren't being realistic.  Quite frankly, I think the anti-gay marriage side should wise up and realize that their best hope at preventing gay marriage is to give an alternative.  Really? You'd actually consider alternatives to give gays couples' benefits? That sure doesn't seem to jibe with your history here which doesn't seem to be open alternatives. emoticon_xangel
Jyoshu, ballot initiatives are not the same as scientific polls. Ballot initiatives are only those who are motivated to vote on a specific issue, and are not the broad cross-section a scientific opinion poll represents.  Indeed they are not the same as a "scientific" poll (in the sense they are conduct much differently), but in fact the ballot initiative carries MORE weight in that it helps determine legislation.   And people can vote in a way that opposes ballot initiatives that ban gay marriage, so it's in fact NOT only for those motivated to vote on a specific issue.
So if I came to your house to protest your marriage, your childs wedding to protest their marriage  That's not just expressing an opinion. It's being disrespectful. There's a difference. No one is disagreeing with you that people should be respectful in the way they express opinion. The issue though, is that they still should be able to express opinion.  , or started a petition drive to target you and your marriage, would you still feel the same way?  That example doesn't belong with the others, because it's not just expressing opinion, but trying to enact change. But regardless, I could care less if you started a petition drive to target me and my marriage. Go for it; and see how far you get. emoticon_xgood
And telling people they can't get the same benifits as other couples who love each other solely based on the person they love isn't disrespectful? That's pretty sad, Jyoshu.  I think it depends on their motivations. People aren't necessarily out to deny benefits, but simply to abide by their religious beliefs and avoid abandoning them. And when I say respectful, I mean in the sense that they voice their opinions in a respectful way. And I'd be careful if I were you with the tactic of trying to make the very opinion itself out to be disrespectful by even giving an opinion because, with that logic, your opponents can also make the argument that the gay marriage stance is disrespectful toward religion! So you see, that tactic can go both ways. The best thing to do is to abide by the good 'ole respectful standard that everyone is entitled to their opinion and let the debate carry on. If your position is truly sound and correct, you shouldn't need to worry about the debate and have to resort to tricks like that.
So you are making the aurguement that their religious beliefs are more important then mine? That I have to subordinate my life because of their religious beliefs?   You are fully free to work toward seeing your views be enacted. Just as they are free to work toward their views being enacted. That's the beauty of the system we live in. And that's what scares me about your position: that it seems to want to subvert democracy.  So also that they make a stance against my marriage at the ballot box that is ok but then if I make a stance against their marriage in the public right a way that is wrong? Are you saying that because they have religious beliefs I have to adhere to them? Are you saying that heterosexuals in the majority must make the rules for my life and that is the right thing to do?  I told you, you can make whatever stance you want. You are completely free to make a stance against anyone's marriage. I wouldn't vote to take away your rights, but at the same time, the right for a society to decide what is important is crucial; otherwise we run the risk of monarchy or oligarchy. You task is to convince society of your views, not to remove society's ability to set up whatever laws it deems important.
Actually, I'd say that the MAJORITY of people against gay civil rights ARE out "to deny benefits", and it has little to do with ACTUAL "religious beliefs".  The bible can be interpreted as telling CHRISTIANS to not engage in sodomy, but nowhere does it say that they should prevent others from engaging in sodomy.  The bible doesn't tell people to fight against gay employment discrimination legislation.  The bible doesn't tell people that gays shouldn't be able to adopt.  You miss the point. The point is that they THINK they are doing what God wants, regardless of what other interpretations there are out there. THEY believe they are following their religion, so for all intents and purposes, they are. The issue isn't whether Christianity, in actuality, calls on them to do so. The issue is that THEIR religion (which in fact isn't Christian so much at all) is apparently to carry out social activism the way they do.  Cause if Jane hurt John when Jane punched John, then obviously Jane can argue that John hurt Jane when Jane punched John. Makes PERFECT sense!!! :xbanghead   The only "disrespect" would be if we told them that they COULD NOT practice their religious beliefs in THEIR lives. Because they ARE telling us that we cannot get married.  Foundit, I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about giving one's opinion in a respecful way. One can state their views in a way that is civil. Whether or not the opinion given itself is respectful is not the issue I'm talking about. What you're talking about is whether or not the opinion is offensive. That has to be evaluated on the merits of the opinion ITSELF, not the way it was presented. Surely you understand the difference.
There are those here who seem positively enraptured by slinging the B-word about. They hurl it with great abandon like a gibbon casting his own effluence at passers-by. Unfortunately the marksmanship of these folks has been about as effective as the proverbial effluence flinging monkey: no targets have been hit, and none of the missiles appear to be sticking to anything. Moreover, like the monkey missiles, the word itself says less about the target and more about the hurler.   Granted, watching monkeys hurl their own processed food about can be entertaining, particularly for those of similar reasoning powers as the hurler, but it does get tiresome to those capable of higher endeavors. Most participants seem to engage in their hurling to impress their fellow hurlers with no real regard to the negative effects of the action. After all, a monkey is not liable to change your viewpoint about primates based on the volume of excrement he hurls your way, but he may impress his fellow monkeys with the distance he can throw. Some of you are displaying a dazzling talent for distance excrement throwing but in the end, you are still dabbling in a rather unpleasant medium.  Respectfully submitted to the primates on both sides of the cage.
What I hate about self-righteous neocon christian fascists is their absolutely stupid view of the world. If the west had left the middle east only following WWI we would not be in the position we are today. If the west had pursued energy independence 70 years ago, we'd not be where we are today.  Bush's immoral and illegal war is all about OIL. Once the Iraqi government passes the law that makes the OIL assessible to the international oil companies that Bush and his crime family are part of, then the war will be won in their minds.  Why rightwing fascists like Archie can't see beyond the length of their nose is part of the problem in America today. Iraq was not a threat to America before 2003. But because of Bush's arrogance and stupidity, there are today thousands more who wish death to America. Imperalism is not a system that can win. Sorry, loser.   My my, count the labels in this post: self righteous, neocon, fascists, stupid. And that's just in the first sentence. What an effective way to begin an argument. Let's hear it for the compassion of the left. Perhaps a review of the facts would be instructive at this point:   "Now, I believe the facts that have brought us to this fateful vote are not in doubt. Saddam Hussein is a tyrant who has tortured and killed his own people, even his own family members, to maintain his iron grip on power. He used chemical weapons on Iraqi Kurds and on Iranians, killing over 20 thousand people. Unfortunately, during the 1980's, while he engaged in such horrific activity, he enjoyed the support of the American government, because he had oil and was seen as a counterweight to the Ayatollah Khomeini in Iran.   In 1991, Saddam Hussein invaded and occupied Kuwait, losing the support of the United States. The first President Bush assembled a global coalition, including many Arab states, and threw Saddam out after forty-three days of bombing and a hundred hours of ground operations. The U.S.-led coalition then withdrew, leaving the Kurds and the Shiites, who had risen against Saddam Hussein at our urging, to Saddam's revenge.   As a condition for ending the conflict, the United Nations imposed a number of requirements on Iraq, among them disarmament of all weapons of mass destruction, stocks used to make such weapons, and laboratories necessary to do the work. Saddam Hussein agreed, and an inspection system was set up to ensure compliance. And though he repeatedly lied, delayed, and obstructed the inspections work, the inspectors found and destroyed far more weapons of mass destruction capability than were destroyed in the Gulf War, including thousands of chemical weapons, large volumes of chemical and biological stocks, a number of missiles and warheads, a major lab equipped to produce anthrax and other bio-weapons, as well as substantial nuclear facilities.   In 1998, Saddam Hussein pressured the United Nations to lift the sanctions by threatening to stop all cooperation with the inspectors. In an attempt to resolve the situation, the UN, unwisely in my view, agreed to put limits on inspections of designated "sovereign sites" including the so-called presidential palaces, which in reality were huge compounds well suited to hold weapons labs, stocks, and records which Saddam Hussein was required by UN resolution to turn over. When Saddam blocked the inspection process, the inspectors left. As a result, President Clinton, with the British and others, ordered an intensive four-day air assault, Operation Desert Fox, on known and suspected weapons of mass destruction sites and other military targets.   In 1998, the United States also changed its underlying policy toward Iraq from containment to regime change and began to examine options to effect such a change, including support for Iraqi opposition leaders within the country and abroad.   In the four years since the inspectors left, intelligence reports show that Saddam Hussein has worked to rebuild his chemical and biological weapons stock, his missile delivery capability, and his nuclear program. He has also given aid, comfort, and sanctuary to terrorists, including Al Qaeda members, though there is apparently no evidence of his involvement in the terrible events of September 11, 2001.   It is clear, however, that if left unchecked, Saddam Hussein will continue to increase his capacity to wage biological and chemical warfare, and will keep trying to develop nuclear weapons. Should he succeed in that endeavor, he could alter the political and security landscape of the Middle East, which as we know all too well affects American security."  The above speech was made by the self-righteous neocon fascist Junior Senator from New York Hillary Clinton.  Now this presents a problem for ye. If Bush is indeed stupid he was at least clever enough to convince a democratic presidential front runner of the danger. That susceptibility to persuasion would say something about that junior senator's faculties would it not? It also gives one pause to consider that the left blames Bush for the high price of gasoline on the one hand while dismissing the war as one about oil. The left also opposes any and all attempts to explore domestic energy by opposing nuclear power, development of ANWR and off-shore drilling. Thanks to democratic opposition not one new refinery faciity has been constructed during my lifetime. Not one. Now, Speaker Pelosi would slap the oil companies with an "excessive profits tax". Way to encourage domestic energy Frau Nancy!  Oh, and do try to be a little bit more civil. Your propensity to call your opponents "losers" says far more about your insecurities than it does about your opponents. Let's try to keep things above the 100 IQ mark shall we?
There is also an ID forum elsewhere here for those who want to discuss that. :)
The problem for the christianists   One question that I just can't help but ask ...  What the heck is a "Christianist"?
Please tell me how living a lie (pretending to be straight) or isolation is healthy? What kind loving God would ask it? Sounds like you worship a dick. The only self-destructive gays I have known are the ones buried in the closet.  OK folks: Could we maybe go to our respective corners for a breather? I don't see this getting constructive any time in the near future. It would appear that Archangel is not about to convert Jito wheras I don't believe you will advance very far with the worshipping a **** angle.   Perhaps we could nip this one in the bud and resume the discussion at a more civilized level? We could go back to calling each other sinners and bigots like old friends once everyone has cooled down a bit?  Respectfully,
I understand that most Christians do not promote hate and oppression. Some do....the Ku Klux Klan comes to mind. Some of the extremist anti-gay Christian groups clearly promote hate and oppression. But most Christians do not. Some may not know much about gay people, and that's what we are trying to change just by talking with folks. Many gay people are Christians. I am Unitarian Universalist, which is not Christian exactly, but we have Christian roots, and we work in coalition with Christians from other churches on issues like peacemaking, ending the death penalty, combating hunger and homelessness.  My observation is that religious people who oppose gay rights (to varying degrees) can be categorized into 3 basic groups ... [*]Religion-justified hate groups (e.g. KKK, Phelps)[*]Groups that oppose some degree of gay rights and cultural acceptance because of genuine religious belief and not because of hate (and do not lash out or attack gays)[*]Groups that only marginally oppose gay rights and cultural acceptance of gays and would eliminate any opposition upon hearing your message ('just by talking with folks') I believe your post doesn't take into account the second category, and my opinion is that by-far most people who do not give full acceptance and claim religion as the reason fall under the second category. Because these people place such importance on religious belief and doctrine, I think it is unlikely you will do much to change their mind. The only way you can do it is to somehow convince then that homosexual relationships are compatible with their religious texts/beliefs. And then you're really doing little more than giving an unconventional interpretation.
In Chris Hedges new book on the Christian Right, he describes a group called Dimionists whose goal is to make America into a Christian theocracy and then dominate the world. People like Pat Robertson, Jerry Falwell, and James Dobson, Antony Scalia, are in this group. They are to be feared and they need to be defeated.   Re Dobson and Robertson (and maybe Falwell) I'd put them somewhere betweeen 1 and 2, probably closer to 2.  The Southern Baptists are also part of this conspiracy, according to Hedges. I wonder if Baptists in TN are part of this group.emoticon_confused  emoticon_confused I'm afraid I wouldn't know.
I've actually brought that up numerous times in the past, and the anti-gay "christians" tend to just ignore that. I will consider anti-gay "christians" to be absolute hypocrites until I see them begin to support constitutional amendments and laws that stop divorce, and prevent divorcees from remarrying. After all, divorce is actually something that Jesus talked about (he didn't even give a single mention to gays).  I agree that, all things considered, the idea that heterosexual marriage would be somehow damaged is a pretty poor and unfounded reason to oppose gay marriage. Even with the Kurtz article that Ohioprof brought up earlier, it's nothing more than circumstantial evidence.
I want to know how gay marrige harms heterosexuals. And I want some solid evidence. I don't care what your moral, or religious beliefs are, because that is irrelevant. I don't care about your personal opinion about gays. I want to know EXACTLY how you are harmed, and I want it backed up. Doing the electric slide around logic by using arguments like "if we allow gays to marry, then whats to say that we won't let people marry dogs?". Well, that logic could be applied to any law. In fact, why let anyone have rights at all? And if you're going to throw around statements like "marrige is between 1 man and 1 woman", then I want to see evidence of this. I can't see any anywhere.  So again, where is your solid, logical evidence for your views?  This is a good question. I think government should get out of the "mariage" thing all together but that is another story. Given that government HAS interjected itself into marriage already, the obvious problems would be economic. Now, suddenly, business will be required to include benefits for people that they had not previously included (in order to be fair). Doing so greatly increases the cost of doing business which will ultimately greatly increase the cost of my purchases. Also, in the social service industry which is heavily funded through government contracts, there will be increases to the costs of those services which will likely increase my taxes. So I will take home less and pay more for the stuff I need.  I do not think it is a slippery slope to consider where such legislation will lead? Clearly men and women "fit" biologically for procreation. Clearly homosexual behavior does not "fit" biologically speaking. It is irrelevant if it is morally wrong or right. To encourage such things (and I distinguish encourage from simply condoning or accepting) is a dangerous ground to tread. You are correct that many laws have already gone down that path but that does not mean they are good. It is one thing to legislate to protect rights that are "inherent" to the individual. It is another thing to change the definition of what is inherent. Not that we should not do that from time to time; abolition of slavery is a good example of when we changed that and its economic consequences were indeed severe, but we must carefully weigh each item for discussion. The abolition of slavery, in part, led to a massive war. The cost was very high. Is this something that really is worth such a cost.  I personally do not know. I do know people who are gay, and I like them very much. I know some who do not support gay marriage and some who do.  I have no real conclusion. Just observation.  Huck
"Today, 57 percent of the American public believes homosexuality should be sanctioned as an acceptable alternative lifestyle"  I could care less what gays want to do--it's their life, after all, but I find the wording of this really curious. How the heck is something like that to be "sanctioned"? A token govt. policy? Special recognition? And I also find it odd that no one here (so far) is balking at the use of the term "lifestyle" by the article. Is the "L" word ok when it's being used in an article giving news that gay people want to hear?
The initial post said that I find the term 'lifestyle' bothersome. I contribute it's use to the source really (the christian post)  That's odd; I don't remember seeing that when I first read your post. Perhaps you edited it and I happened to read it right before the edit? Anyway, my bad. Nevertheless, the idea of "sanctioning" it seems strange. And frankly, after seeing how worked up some here have gotten over the "L" word, I sort of expected a windfall of condemnation.
Ah, traditional moral values, eh? Would that include treating women as property, witch-burnings, slavery, etc.? Because all of those were traditional moral values of this country originally  Not really. 'Traditional values' is normally used to describe the belief people have that some things are immoral. You're comparing things people once considered allowable in a conversation about things people consider wrong. Thinking slavery and witch burning was ok is a totally different paradigm than thinking a certain behavior is immoral (NOT ok). Apples and oranges.
So you are claiming that all of the hundreds and hundreds of slaveowners did not believe that owning their slaves was moral, but merely "ok"?  I think you missed the point of what I was saying. You're using an example of something people DID to exemplify the issue of people saying "DON'T." It's a poor argument. If you're going to vilify the moral view that gay behavior is wrong, then you'd be more effective to come up with something people were against at one time, and compare it. Maybe people being against interracial marriage at one time. Or against blacks getting equal treatment. But comparing apples and oranges by invoking an example of something people DID isn't very compelling.  Furthermore, why should we go with your examples of bad morality from history, rather that examples of good morality?  What about the whole "3/5ths a human" thing? As to witch burning, they thought it was not only okay, but moral, and in fact COMMANDED by their bible.  So? It was still a much different type of "moral view" than what we're discussing. And that it was commanded by the Bible (which is in the OT by the way, not the New) carries no weight whatsoever here.
And as to the "moral view that gay behaviour is wrong", there is nothing moral about it - it is bigotry or fear pure and simple (it might not be the person's fault that they fear that way, what with their christian indoctrination, but is bigotry or fear all the same).  If it's "bigotry", then it's harmless in that form. Believing in an admonition from the Bible that a "man shouldn't lie with a man" is not bigotry in a malevolent sense. Preventing others by law from doing so, or oppressing them IS. There is big distinction between personal belief and acting upon it.  The definition of 'bigot' is "somebody with strong opinions, especially on politics, religion, or ethnicity, who refuses to accept different views" (http://encarta.msn.com/encnet/features/dictionary/DictionaryResults.aspx?search=bigotry). Given your strong opinions and refusal to accept my view thats different, that means you're a bigot. It's funny how people that throw that word around so much thinking they are saying something profound often fit the criteria of it themselves. :)
calls for amendments to deny gays equal rights as couples, and attempts to keep hate crimes toward gays from being prosecuted just as any other hate crimes, and attempts to keep gays from being able to adopt children, and attempts to make it so that you can disriminate against gays in housing, etc.) If you think that the bigotry that takes that form is NOT harmless, well, I'm done with you.  Did you not read my post at all? Did I not just say "Preventing others by law from doing so, or oppressing them IS [malevolent bigotry]?"
And yet your post seems to imply that you are trying to say that the "malevolent bigotry" is the minority in this case.  Do you not realize that the people who are actually trying to pass laws and do that really are a vocal minority? I see no reason to think otherwise.
Jyohsu: Do you think the social exclusion of gays is harmful, even in more subtle ways than formal amendments to laws? How would heterosexuals feel if they were excluded, shown bias or prejudice, or treated in a different way, just because of their sexuality?  I think that is a different debate than peoples' religious beliefs about homosexual behavior. Part of the problem is that these two debates so often get conflated. If people are being shown exclusion, bias, and prejudice, then sure, that's wrong. But I'd be curious to hear your examples of "bias" here. Nevertheless, that has no bearing on whether or not people should be able to have religious beliefs concerning homosexual behavior.  There are gay people who live lies by pretending to be heterosexual or have a hard time coming out because they are terrified of their family's or society's disapproval, prejudice, or worse. I would say that is harmful.  Well, again, this is really a different issue. A family should be open and honest, and willing to listen and discuss things regardless of their beliefs about the behavior. Kids should know that even if their parents don't agree with homosexual behavior, they would never punish, hate, or think badly of their children and would always still love them no matter what they did.
Are people supposed to "agree" with heterosexual behavior? I find that expression "agree with homosexual behavior" a bit confusing  Just means agree or disagree that it's ok morally. Prob not the best term for conveying the concept, but oh well  I would agree with this but it isn't what happens in the real world.   Well, it should be. And it works correctly in our family just fine.
You've had members of your family come out as gay? Did you tell them that it was ok, just that you "disagree" with their behavior?  No, I mean when there are areas of disagreement, even with very personal things, we always make it a point to make sure that we love our children and accept them no matter what they do. We haven't had a situation specifically like you're talking about, but if we did we'd approach it with no less love and acceptance.
Such hulabaloo over a word like "disagree". Fine, I'm more than willing to correct any misunderstanding in terminology to avoid this silly distraction from the point of what we were talking about. Semantics soup, anyone? Good grief. Oh and, I don't know if some folks here have been living under a rock or something, but there certainly has been plenty of "up in arms", i.e. moral disagreement ... whoops! ... rather, believing it's wrong .... over pornography. And while we're setting the record straight here, might as well also point out that no one was talking about promoting "having the government legally bar" anything.
Why is it different simply because it is religion, jyoshu?  Who said the difference was because of religion? Whatever the reason, if someone doesn't act on their belief, what concern then is it of yours? For that matter, how do you even know people that you are around every day (and never make an issue of you being gay) don't really have qualms with homosexual behavior, and just respect you enough not to take issue with you on it?   Yes, it's that "no matter what", "even though", or "we love you anyway", part that still makes it a more difficult environment for gays than it is for straight people.  Look, you ask too much if you expect people to flip a switch and give up their religious beliefs about behaviors in society. People can't undo this overnight. Nor should they, necessarily, if they don't act on their beliefs in any way. You not only want gays to not experience harm (which is reasonable on your part), you are intolerant of even concern or people debating it in their hearts and minds. I think you're being entirely unrealistic here. Your thinking doesn't jibe with people even being human! With all due respect, I think you're going to have to be content with families loving each other despite their differences. You don't get to dictate peoples' very thoughts.  It is in spite of the fact of their child's gay sexuality that they love the child. It is still saying something negative about the child's sexuality and the open expression of it.  The problem is that you always get hung up on belief over the morality of a certain behavior and always think it's a value judgment on the person. It's not. But I've been debating you long enough to know you're not going to be open-minded to what I'm telling you.
You keep going back to religion, and wonder why I believe this is just about religion. People do change their beliefs. It's not unrealistic to present a logical argument or a new piece of knowledge and expect people to change their minds on an issue. I'm not dictating, I am not calling for legislation. You can call me a bigot to a viewpoint and to people who do not accept gay people or acting gay, for no reason other than "it's what I think", if you wish. I'm ok with that label.  That's correct; it's not unrealistic to present a "logical argument" and some change their minds. But you shouldn't hold it against those that don't, either. Just as there are orthodox Jews who still maintain their belief that pork shouldn't be eaten in the face of logical arguments, the same applies here. Whether this is 'just about religion', I don't know. There may be people out there that believe homosexual behavior isn't moral for reasons that aren't religious, I suppose. But whether it's religion or not, it seems somewhat irrelevant to me.  Ask a straight person to not act straight, and say it's not a value judgment on their person.  But we aren't talking about "asking" someone to not act "straight" or gay. We're talking about an internal belief here. It's not like you're limiting your argument over just people 'asking' others to not act a certain way. That's not what I'm talking about here. If someone happens to disagree on this issue over the behavior, that doesn't mean they're asking them to change or not act a certain way.   In the real world, gays learn they will have disapproval if they do not act on what? Not our intelligence, not our empathy, but that part of our person that is homosexually oriented.  Then that is wrong. They should be given 'approval' regardless of people believe their actions aren't moral. So, I agree they should get approval.   How do you tell someone not to act on something, or disapprove of something ...  2 totallty differen't concepts there in the same sentence. Telling someone not to act on something is not the same as disapproving of something. This is what you aren't getting!
I am a non-pork eater, for reasons other than religion. I would hold it against the majority pork-eaters if, due to behaviour as a non-pork eater, they excluded me, didn't accept me, the only reason being that it's their belief.   You keep trying to talk about something here that I'm not talking about. It has nothing to do with what I'm saying. I already told you, people shouldn't 'exclude' you from things just because of you homosexual behavior (or nature too, for that matter). Why do you keep conflating two different issues here? You don't just stop at wanting them to stop excluding you; you've rather made it clear you are intolerant of them even disagreeing with you on this subject. That's what I find unrealistic on your part.   You can't disapprove of acting on homosexuality, without disapproving of what it is one is acting upon, namely one's homosexuality.  Hogwash. Pure hogwash. I have yet to see anyone explain why the issue of homosexual behavior is apparently the only issue in the world, out of all issues, that can't be disagreed on it terms of morality. It's unrealistic to expect that. Why should your issue get a free pass from any disagreement or debate on the basis of you taking it as disapproval toward YOU? Like it or not, this is a debate issue, and this is a debate forum! If you don't want it even disagreed on, then I would think you'd be quite busy trying to email the moderators of this website and all other debate forums to convince to strike gay rights and homosexuality-related issues from their debates. You clearly don't want it debatable. I've said this before, but for goodness' sake, grow some skin! If you take it personally, then that's your fault. Most everyone else in the world is quite capable of discussing social issues without it being personal, even if it's an issue of something they're doing. I just don't get why someone is incapable of hearing that someone believes it's not moral for them to have sex without taking it as a personal affront and insult. The idea people can't debate without taking it personally is such a foreign concept to me. Do you actually think that if someone told me they believed it was immoral for me to have sexual relations with a person of the opposite sex I'd take it as disapproval of me as a person??? Good grief no. Do you not realize the problem lies with you (in that you are too easily taking it personally), rather than everyone else? The debate is going to go on. Get used to it; it's not going away. You might as well stop being so easily offended and accept reality, and grow some skin.
The issue for me is the basis of the disagreement. Moral codes are debatable, but it is you who does not want your moral code on gay behaviour, debated. I don't see why you should disagree with someone else's gay behaviour that doesn't affect you.   Why not? There are many, many examples of things you and everyone else debates that don't effect them. Do you think people shouldn't debate abortion unless they've had an abortion? Do you think if you're not in the military you shouldn't be able to debate DADT? You have some rather unusual views on debate and discussion. Our system doesn't work that way.
We can debate all those issues, and people on both sides will give reasons why their view is the moral or right view.  Exactly.  Why do you think people should debate someone else's sexuality, in this case, gay sexuality? Who does that sexuality affect other than the person using his or her own sexuality and the willing partner of the same sexuality?  It doesn't affect anyone else. But so what? Like I said, there are many, many issues that we debate that don't affect us. Again, just because you've never had an abortion (or can't) doesn't mean you can't have an opinion and debate the issue of abortion. (And remember, I don't disagree with you that people have a sexual orientation anyway. I'm not debating that.)
Since we're debating issues that don't affect us, let's talk about the melting polar ice caps on Mars!  Cool, but there's another forum for that. emoticon_xgood
I'm glad you agree. Now, tell me the reasons you disagree with gay sexuality in action, since you want to debate.  My view that gay sexual behavior is immoral is because of my religion. But again, I wouldn't impose anything as a result of it. I would not support any sort of law against it.  Why do people feel the need to disagree with gay sexual actions, when it only involves the two parties who have the sexuality and are acting on it?  Who knows? Maybe there are many reasons, but it seems to me the point is that people are free to have their opinions, and that's just life. I'm sure there are people that would (and maybe do) think that there are things I do that are bad too. I don't let it bother me.  The reality is the people involved do face social disapproval.  Then fight social disapproval rather than conflate 2 issues here. I don't argue with you on this; in fact I'm against you having social disapproval.   There are things we should disapprove of for good reasons, but what are the ethics involved in contributing to a social reality where a group of people face more difficulty of any kind for actions which are related to an important part of who they are, and which have no bearing on anyone else's life?  I don't follow what you're saying here.  Glibly saying, "suck it up" or "learn to deal with it", as you do, is not an argument. It's also an acknowledgment on your part that real people are involved, not the very idealistic total separation of the action from the person, as people are being hurt/facing more difficulty and you discount or mock that fact.  Huh? I haven't mocked anything. I'm just saying, like it or not, this issue is a big debate in society. You're being completely unrealistic in trying to avoid any separating between disapproval over an action, and passing judgment on people. You're up against peoples' natural tendency to have opinions on things here, and that's just something that always going to be there, because people are human beings. Frankly, I find this line of reasoning of yours rather disturbing. It seems to be a common tactic of some here--to equate disagreement on the morality of an action with judgment and hate toward a person. What's disturbing is that it a.) comes across (to me anyway) as an attempt to undercut debate and discussion on these issues; and, b.) it is simply an unreasonable approach. By that I mean it just isn't using reason to think people are incapable of disagreeing with you without hating or passing judgment on you. I can think of many, many examples of behaviors people disagree with morally in society, and yet it's not passing judgment on the person to believe that way.   My ethics say we have an obligation to be accepting of different people, different customs, different ways of living and acting, and to make things easier, not harder, in a world that can be cruel, where such is possible, and where there is not a good reason to act otherwise.  Well sure! I see no problems with that.
A friend informed me of this site, expressing enthusiasm of it. So I visited and joined. I am amazed of sorts. For me, if I do not agree with someone's life, I simply just avoid him/her - at the same time letting he or she just live the life they desire. If it is not harmful to me, so be it. It is odd to me to read of the ongoing interjection here.   Welcome. But one thing I've never gotten is when people come to a debate forum and assert in some way that people shouldn't be debating. You are certainly free to take it up with the moderators if you don't think homosexuality-related matters should be a topic here. It seems to me that if you don't want the topic debated, that's the best course of action.  How detrimental is it that we love who we love? How detrimental is it that we love how we love? I do not impose my life on anyone. So I am interested to know. Where is the detriment?   Who ever said 'detriment' had to be the reason for disagreement?
Next week on CNN they are doing a series called "God's Soldiers". It is a three part series. The first day they will discuss Jews in Isreal, the next day they will discuss Muslims and how they want to make Islam the law of the land and will also talk about muslim terrorists, and the third night will be about fundamentalist Christians in the US and how they are trying make government/society follow Christian principles. It should be interesting.  It annoys me that they even include the Christian fundies in with the first two, because the Christian fundies aren't conducting acts of terror and killing to "make government/society follow Christian principles"; in fact they are following the normal U.S. process of democracy to do so that everyone else in our country does. They are simply doing what any special interest would to do (no matter what the ideaology)--vote and influence govt. policy. That's what democracy involves. One of the greatest lies that has come out of the anti-Christian movement is that they basically shouldn't be allowed to take part in democracy.  Typical of CNN, though.
One of the greatest lies that has come out of the anti-Christian movement is that they basically shouldn't be allowed to take part in democracy.Except that in the US, the law is pretty clear that the government is not permitted to be Christian. This is different than Israel or Islam where the government can be based on religious beliefs. What the fundies are doing in promoting something that is clearly unconstitutional. They can and should preach to PEOPLE about their beliefs, because that is their right - to try and convert PEOPLE. But to preach that the government should be Christianity based is where we as society in the US must draw the line. To give that right to the government would be disastrous for this country where we have religous freedom.   They have every right to take part in democracy, but no right to demand that the government take part in Christianity.
Except that in the US, the law is pretty clear that the government is not permitted to be Christian.  Yes but wanting your morals to be enacted into policy doesn't make the govt. Christian. It's really no different than any other group wanting their views enacted into policy.
What morals might they be that don't already exist in law?  Regulating the killing of unborn babies, for instance.
I don't want anyone's "views" or "morals" to be legislated. I want laws to clearly enhance, protect and/or define our rights - nothing more.  How do you think laws get made, Jito? By people voting in who they think would make the law they think are best--legislators. If you vote, then YOU work to get your views legislated. That's the way the system works. Or maybe you vote to support candidates that prefer LESS legislation, but if so that's still you trying to get your views into government.
Your anti-Christian hate speech doesn't bode well for your side.   Where's your vaunted liberal "tolerance" and "inclusiveness"?  In all fairness it did seem like they interviewed the dumbest people they could. It was almost as bad as the speech Michael Vick gave early today.
I take it you consider that the bronze age spartans were a bunch of homsexuals and that their patriotism was due to their wish to run off into the woods together as a bunch of male buddies! What does that tell us about gays serving in the military - might be a good idea considering that those immoral bronze age buddies managed to hold of the Persians at Thermopyale for a few days. We could use a few batallions or division of those fellas right now. Perhaps we could form special divisions - the Fighting Homos or something like it. After all we are basically up against the Persians once more and they probably remember what happened to em last time out.  The Fighting Homos! I love it. Go team!   Fighting homos, you are swell  Homo, homo, sexuellle!
We gay men need to suduce the men and the lesbians need to suduce the women. Lets see if we can drive those divorce rates up to 60%, 75%, or even 90%.  Could I possibly persuade you to send a lesbian to seduce me instead?
Now, y'all don't be too rough on poor little Matthew. There's nothin' wrong with him that thirty years of intense, 24 hour per day therapy can't cure. Take up a collection and hire him some professional help.
