Does private gun ownership deter crime ? I believe yes, because a robber might not rob a house if he/she knows that their is a gun inside that house.
I think this is pretty much common sense. I think some study is in order, though. Everybody....put a sign in your window that says "This is a gun free home" and we will see if the incidents of robberies goes up among group memebers.
That idea may make the homes of other people safer. This is both because the homes with the signs will be the main targets for criminals, and because that means that if a home doesn't have the sign than there is a higher likelyhood of there being a gun in the home (same number of guns in a smaller number of homes).  I worry that the reduction of gun ownership will increase crime rates even in households with a gun. Criminals, by nature, are risk takers. They are willing to risk everything for a quick buck and/or to harm someone they dislike. Gun ownership increases the risk, and there typically is no way to tell that a home has a gun. Therefore a simple risk/reward analysis will show more favorably for breaking into an unmarked house if overall ownership is down.
Countryboy has a good point robbers murderers etc might not come in if they kno u have a rifle or other guns in your house -AMERICAN-emoticon_xkill
Don't listen to Seleare! Of course it does! Although most criminals are extremely stupid they realize that they are in considerable more danger to rob a house with an armed civilian! They will most likely have a gun but it is also very likely that they will get shot if they barge into a house! emoticon_xkill emoticon_angry
I don't know that there can't be some other factors involved, but Kennesaw, Georgia has pretty much proven that the presense of guns deters crime. It is required that every household has a working firearm...the criminals know this and they just don't seem to break in as much.
I STRONGLY believe yes, criminals are afraid of citizens with guns!! Conofguncontrol has the right idea! Seleare doesn't know what their talking about!
emoticon_xkill yeah but they also might not care! i mean they might have a gun themselves!  A person who legaly owns a gun will know how to use it accuratly by practiceing most criminals don't realy know how to accuratly shoot a gun stand 30' apart the lawful owner hits the target with the first shot the criminal will probably empty the gun and hit nothing. A friend of mine saw 2 gang bangers open up on each other from apx 25' apart with semi auto's they emptied their guns exchanging apx 30 shots and neither had a scratch. Had either one of these knuckel heads been squareing off against a law abiding gun owner they may have gotten off 1 to may be 2 shots and would have been in for a ride in either an ambulance or a hearse.
If it does deter crime then we would see some sort of correlation between high gun ownership and low crime.  Murders Per Capita http://www.nationmaster.com/graph/cri_mur_percap-crime-murders-per-capita  It is very hard to find decent stats on this, mainly because the way Governments collect data.   I would say factors like poverty are more likely to be a factor in high crime rate than gun ownership.  It's more than just high gun ownership you have to factor in the local and state laws. In some states if you defend yourself in your own home against an intruder you have to abandon the property if possable, if you can't you have to take numerious steps backwards warning the intruder before you can legaly shoot. Also some states you can have a gun but you can't carry it for protection. So there is no easy way to factor it all in to the equation. There are few ways to come to a difinitive conclusion unless you take in to account every factor. Though in my state I have been a gun owner for more than 30 years and have watched gun control work since the Bartly Fox laws were inacted and diffrent factors that changed the law and it's meaning. You can corilate the law with homicides and time line and realize that gun control has the opposite effect of it's intent. I have in other debates layed it out and the evidence is conclusive gun control puts everyones lives at risk.
Does private gun ownership deter crime?  On its own, not so much. However when combined with laws that reimburse the private individuals and leave criminals with no options whatsoever, when it's codified that the legal gun owner was well within their rights to shoot and/or kill the person attacking them and that they face no charges, then that helps deter crime even more.
I demanded no apology for Forums are not for frail flowers, but I accept it in the manner it was offered.  I don't think I would feel safer if I knew that everyone of my neighbours is armed to the teeth. On the contrary, the same applies to knowing that everybody wherever I go is armed and willing to shoot.  If you want to live in the Wild West fine with me pardner, but I am leaving town before sunset.  I'd rather live in a country where only the Police packs guns. it is the duty of the Police to make sure criminals don't get their hands on weapons. And in Australia they perform this duty quite well.  Gun crazy Americans just make up excuses for not giving up their security blankets. They are children afraid of their own shadows, insecure and frightened.  Civilized people all over the world know of this collective craziness in America. It is a gun culture enshrined by the gun merchants.  It would require a drastic cultural change to make the gun crazy culture mature to a civilized culture.  I am glad I do not to live in the USA  You're just jealous because we as Americans have actual rights, while you don't.
And what about all the people that get there rights violated by guns?   The concept that guns violate rights is no different from the concept that spoons make people fat. You always seek to remove the human element and demonize the hardware.  How about all of the people whose children were killed by cars? What about them? How about all the people whose spouses were murdered by knives? How about them?  Thats why we need gun control to protect people's rights.   Why not just make a harsh sentence the mandatory punishment for being illegally armed and using a gun in a crime?  Places like England protect there citizens rights from being violated by gun violence more than the USA.   Now their rights are being violated by knives. Nice tradeoff. Die from being shot, die from being stabbed, the end result is no different.  Not many people get shot there.   And not many people die from drowning in the desert. What's your point?  We have to think about protecting everybodys rights not just the rights of gun owners.  The best way to protect the rights of everyone is to take criminals out of society forever. Somebody commits an armed robbery, kill that person immediately. Somebody kills a group of unarmed people, have that person executed publicly.  The less violent offenders we have, the less incidents of human rights being violated we'll have.
 Handgun Murders: United States-13,429  Canada -128  Sweden-36  Australia-13  United Kingdom-33  Japan-60  So Japan that has an absolute total ban on handgun ownership actually has more than four times the handgun-related murder rate of Australia where handgun ownership is restricted but still legal? How the hell do you explain that?  Gun ownership doesn't deter crime. bottom line.  That's only the case when the use of guns is outlawed but not ownership.   All those other countries don't allow handgun ownership, or restrict it strictly.  From my standpoint that's one of the many reasons they've had a lot of trouble.  Pro-gun supporters need to understand this.  Gun control advocates need to understand this. You're proposing the use of laws to deter those that are breaking laws.  You can use the d.c gun ban because guns are brought in from right outside d.c and sold there...its a very lucrative business.  I want proof.  I have been studying criminal justice for years, trust me when I say this. A ban on handguns would make the murders caused by handguns decrease every year, more and more.  I don't know which is stupider, this statement or your very next sentence.  You actually believe that by making something illegal it'll actually stop criminals from getting it and using it? Why hasn't heroine and cocaine disappeared off the map entirely?  The reason for this is that most criminals are low-income.  Funny, they seem to have enough money for having thousands of dollars worth of marijuana and cocaine in their possession.  By banning handguns the price would increase by hundreds and hundreds of dollars.  Bull! As it is now criminals are forbidden by law from even being in the same room as a gun, someone could already charge them a thousand dollars for a $300 gun because the criminal has no legal alternative.  Criminals will still commit crimes but not at the same level. What most people don't understand is that rehabilitation and programs in prison such as educationl programs are what will make our country safer, not owning guns. Its a tough concept for many to grasp because of the culture we live in that is motivated by fear.  Let me give you a little education. You can expose criminals to all the rehabilitation programs you want to, but unless they want to change then they're never going to do anything except go through the motions and put on a show so they can get out earlier, and then go back to committing crimes.  Would you take up knitting as a career if you were given the lessons on how to do it even if you didn't like knitting? No you wouldn't.  You wanna rehabilitate criminals and make America safer? Kill violent repeat offenders who insist on continuing to commit crimes and violent citizens because it's what they know best.
Wow. you are honestly going to argue that 60 deaths is so much more that 13. The numbers aren't even comparable to the united states. is 13,000 and 60 even close...come on. The numbers really don't lie.  Fact: Not all of those 13,000 were innocent people. Since there's never any breakdown there's no way of telling how many of those killed were criminals, or how many were killed by police, or any of those other factors. Without that all you have is a number.  Its not the fact that criminals are going to follow the laws, its the fact that the supply of guns will be a fraction of what it is now.  The supply of guns is already tens of millions. Outlaw them all you want, the black market and those who run it won't care. There's millions upon milliosn of stolen guns that've been missing for 30 years, changing hands over and over, being hidden from view in illegal warehouses, you'll never get them all, you'll never even come close.  How do I know this? Because I've had dealings in the black market, both as a seller and a buyer.  The large majority of guns that are used by criminals are bought legally and sold to them illegally, it is a big business.  I want proof of this.  If anything this statement does nothing but support the position that we need to sentence gun traffickers to the mandatory ten years in prison per firearm sentence that federal law demands. Because if you're going away for the rest of your life and even longer, you're not going to be able to sell to anyone anymore. Therefore you dry up the source of suppliers.  It is widespead in washington D.C...don't argue that point. Of course it will take time because of all the guns that are already here.  31 years and Washington D.C. is worse off than ever.  and as far as rehabilitation of criminals..thats an issue that i'm not going to try to get you yo understand.  Because you know you're going to lose?  I don 't really care what you think and as i future law enforcement officer, i am glad that the supreme court will rule in favor of the d.c gun ban in a few months.  Oh? Do you have a crystal ball that lets you see into the future? Is this how you arrived at this decision? If so then you'd better check and see just when, where and how your death will come and who's gonna be responsible.  I have no problem with hunting rifles and shotguns because they aren't commonly used in gun crimes.  Bloody liberal. What about my right to defend myself?  The answer to gun crimes, isn't to put more guns on the street,  Screw "putting more guns on the street", how about we give gun owners more rights and more legal opportunities to use them and stop pandering to the criminals.  it is about treating criminals as human beings, educating and supporting them in jail, so that they can make a good life for themselves when they get out.  This is nothing but more bleeding heart, soft on crime liberal ####! You'll get nowhere if you refuse to treat criminals harshly and properly as the law demands!  What's going to deter crime more? Giving a criminal the skills to work in a legal job, or having one get shot during the comission of a crime, having them almost die in a hospital bed, and having them realize that this isn't the way to make a living?
your the biggest ####in conservative that is uable to think outside the box. Putting people in jail in not the answer.   Well then what the hell IS the answer? What's going to make things so much better for everyone and reduce crime? What's the answer when the criminals don't want to rehabilitate and choose to continue with what they've always been doing?  Look at other countries that have "soft" sentences, the crime rates are so much lower.........  Other countries are worse off than we are. I talk to plenty of people in other nations, look around and you'll find many people willing tell you that their country is nothing but a major crimescene.  are you from Texas by any chance?  New York City.  You never answered my question, what about my right to defend myself?
[QUOTE]The supreme court has ruled in favor of the second amendment being a collective right in United States vs. Miller, Presser v. Illinios, but most notably in United States v. Warren.  No it isn't, you're wrong. Not once in any of its 230+ years of existance has the Supreme Court ever determined that any single right in the Bill of Rights is collective in nature and observable only by a governmental-approved group. This has never happened before in history, your argument is stupid, and I'm offended that an American could make such a dumb argument and be proud of it.
please explain for me.  Please explain to me where the Supreme Court found it to rule and murder of unborn children was a constitutional right.  Please explain to me the basis of the Supreme Court ruling that blacks weren't citizens and weren't to enjoy the same rights as whites.
still waiting for that explaination.....  Simple really. The Supreme Court is made up by nine human beings. They make mistakes just like anyone else, and that 1976 case was one such mistake. They're not infallable, they're not perfect. If they were perfect then they would've ruled that blacks were to enjoy the full benefits of the Bill of Rights just like anyone else in America. They didn't though, they upheld the concept of slavery and that blacks weren't people and could be owned.
so basically if they rule that the dc gun ban is constitutional you will just call it a mistake  Yes, because it will be a mistake. Ruling that the Second Amendment doesn't protect an individual right to have firearms will be no different than ruling that the First Amendment provides no protections to an individual, not affiliated with a government-owned news center, to print something controversial and not sanctioned by the government.
Thats your opinion as to the wording that is used. You are a close-minded person and im sorry that you cannot listin to others opinions or even consider something that is different. I truely hope that you have nothing to do with the criminal justice field  The reason I won't consider something is because I know that it's stupid. For me to consider the idea that the Second Amendment has nothing to do with an individual right to own guns and use them in a legal manner is just plain stupid.   There's more logic in a defense attorney stating that their client can't be held liable for their killing spree because he ate twinkies on that day and the twinkies drove him into an uncontrollable sugar frenzy and he was unable to stop himself or even know what he was doing.
I'm sorry Redsoxlvr13 but I must point out you incorrectly cite your cases.   The first case you cite is actually U.S. v. Warin, and it was not a SCOTUS case. It was a decision by a panel of the 6th. Cir. Court of Appeals.  You are correct that U.S. v. Miller was a SCOTUS case. You are incorrect when you claim that it was a collective right opinion. Miller was a bootlegger. He was a private citizen who was not a member of any state militia. If the Miller court wanted to limit the RKBA to only members of state organized militias (as the collective right arguments commands), it would have dismissed his second amendment claim by saying something like this: "The defendant is not a member of a state organized militia, and is therefore not a member of that class of persons the amendment protects. Therefore, he lacks standing to pursue a claim that his second amendment rights have been infringed."   Rather, this is how that Court described the term "militia":  "The signification attributed to the term Militia appears from the debates in the Convention, the history and legislation of the Colonies and the States, and the writings of approved commentators. These show plainly enough that the militia comprised all males physically capable of acting in concert for the common defense. "A body of citizens enrolled for military discipline." And further, that ordinarily when called for service these men were expected to appear bearing arms supplied by themselves and of a kind in common use at the time." U.S. v. Miller, 307 U.S. 174, 179 (1939).  (Note that one of the "writings of approved commentators" cited by the Court was former Justice Joseph Story's work in which he claimed that the right to keep and bear arms "has justly been considered, as the palladium of the liberties of a republic." 3 J. Story, Commentaries º 1890, p. 746 (1833))  Regarding the shotgun Miller possessed, this is how SCOTUS decided that issue:  "In the absence of any evidence tending to show that possession or use of a "shotgun having a barrel of less than eighteen inches in length" at this time has some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia, we cannot say that the Second Amendment guarantees the right to keep and bear such an instrument. Certainly, it is not within judicial notice that this weapon is any part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense." Id. at 178.  Now evidence in cases like this is presented at the trial court level in the district court. In this case, Miller never presented any evidence for his 2nd. Amendment claim. Instead, an activist judge on his own ruled the NFA violated the 2nd. Amendment and invited an appeal. Miller absconded during the appeal process (and unknown the legal minds involved he was murdered before SCOTUS issued its opinion). No one appeared to argue his case for him. The Court heard only from the government. The "in the absence" comment that starts SCOTUS' analysis is a clear swipe at the defendant's failure to present any evidence below or even have anyone argue his case for him.  What the Miller court really suggests is private citizens have a RKBA, and that the scope of the right is defined by whether the citizen could prove his weapon is "part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense." In the end this opinion becomes a foolish interpretation of the RKBA, because it could be read to protect a RKBA in a flamethrower or a bomber.  You are correct that Presser v. Illinois, 116 U.S. 252 (1886) was a SCOTUS case. You are incorrect when you claim that it was a collective right opinion. SCOTUS did not at any time declare, or even imply, that the individual RKBA does not exist. This was a pre-incorporation doctrine case which held that the 2nd. Amendment, like every other right in the BoR, operated only as a ban against the federal government and was not a ban against state action.   By the way, how does the phrase "the right of the people" fit into your collective right interpretation of the 2nd. Amendment?  ---  "Experience should teach us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the Government's purposes are beneficent. Men born to freedom are naturally alert to repel invasion of their liberty by evil-minded rulers. The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding." Justice Brandeis, Olmstead v. United States, 277 U.S. 438, 485 (1928).
Bryan very good glad to see that you countered redsoxlvr13 on miller. Every anti I have debated have all done the same as sox glad to see I'm not the only one who understands miller. This is also how you know that they are only using talking points that they heard from someone else and not their own educated and inlightened oppinion.emoticon_xgood
Brady-  I can't find any record of US v. Hale. Care to provide the case so I can give it the careful examination that you didn't, and get the facts that you left out?  So the fact is that if you dont belong to a government militia you dont have a right to have guns.  Then how come in Miller, the Supreme Court didn't rule that Miller didn't have standing since he wasn't a member of a government appointed militia?
I read the miller decision last night (after searching futily for half an hour for the Warren decision), and I have to say that it was perhaps the most pro-gun piece of literature I have ever read.   "THE COURT CAN NOT TAKE JUDICIAL NOTICE THAT A SHOTGUN HAVING A BARREL LESS THAN 18 INCHES LONG HAS TODAY ANY REASONABLE RELATION TO THE PRESERVATION OR EFFICIENCY OF A WELL REGULATED MILITIA; AND THEREFORE CAN NOT SAY THAT THE SECOND AMENDMENT GUARANTEES TO THE CITIZEN THE RIGHT TO KEEP AND BEAR SUCH A WEAPON. "  This clearly implies that the 2nd ammendment does garuntee an individual right, even though this particular weapon is outside the scope of that right.  "THE MILITIA WHICH THE STATES WERE EXPECTED TO MAINTAIN AND TRAIN IS SET IN CONTRAST WITH TROOPS WHICH THEY WERE FORBIDDEN TO KEEP WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF CONGRESS. THE SENTIMENT OF THE TIME STRONGLY DISFAVORED STANDING ARMIES; THE COMMON VIEW WAS THAT ADEQUATE DEFENSE OF COUNTRY AND LAWS COULD BE SECURED THROUGH THE MILITIA - CIVILIANS PRIMARILY, SOLDIERS ON OCCASION. "  clearly not the national guard...  "THE SIGNIFICATION ATTRIBUTED TO THE TERM MILITIA APPEARS FROM THE DEBATES IN THE CONVENTION, THE HISTORY AND LEGISLATION OF COLONIES AND STATES, AND THE WRITINGS OF APPROVED COMMENTATORS. THESE SHOW PLAINLY ENOUGH THAT THE MILITIA COMPRISED ALL MALES PHYSICALLY CAPABLE OF ACTING IN CONCERT FOR THE COMMON DEFENSE. "A BODY OF CITIZENS ENROLLED FOR MILITARY DISCIPLINE." AND FURTHER, THAT ORDINARILY WHEN CALLED FOR SERVICE THESE MEN WERE EXPECTED TO APPEAR BEARING ARMS SUPPLIED BY THEMSELVES AND OF THE KIND IN COMMON USE AT THE TIME. "  according to this, it is not only my right, but my responsibility to keep and practice with a fully automatic m-16 rifle.  And it just goes on from there.
"We construe the amendment as having relation to the military service and we are unable to say that a sawed-off shotgun has relation to the militia." -Justice McReynolds, New York Times, May 16, 1939   Unable to say, that means that they have no evidence to support it one way or another. Because they had no evidence they left it open to interpretation and review at a later point in history. Today many manufacturers produce sawed off shotguns for the military and police, therefore if someone was ever arrested for having an unregistered sawed off Remington 870 they would stand a better chance than Miller.  Although the Miller decision could be interpreted to mean that the ownership of militia type weapons is protected, it doesn't necessarily mean that engaging in such activities as hunting and personal self defense against crime is protected by the Second Amendment.   The Miller decision was about whether or not the National Firearms Act of 1934 was unconstitutional or not. They never said so the question is still open to interpretation.  According to Saul Cornell, a historian and leading scholar on the Second Amendment, the Second Amendment only protects the possession of long guns and not of handguns.  I want to see the qualifications on Saul Cornell. I remember one noted historian writing a book about how gun ownership was rare in colonial times and he wound up being exposed as a liar and discredited.  In the Nineteenth Century, several state legislatures passed laws to more strictly regulate such weapons as pistols and knives. It was felt by many (not all) at the time that such weapons were not military weapons and thus did not fall under the protection of the Second Amendment or the right to bear arms in their own state constitutions.   In the 19th century handguns were very common as military weapons, they were known as sidearms. The Colt Single Action Army Revolver is the best known of these. Of course if that's not good enough for you, just check the Civil War where there were dozens of handguns involved.  So I don't see restrictions on handguns in D.C. as being a clear violation of the Second Amendment.  Well that's just you.
Well Brady, I agree with part of what you said: "Lets see what the courts have to say because they are a better authority." For anyone who is interested, the full cite for the case Brady cites is U.S. v. Hale, 978 F.2d 1016 (8th Cir. 1992).   I tracked down a free on-line copy of the full opinion here for anyone who is interested:   http://www.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs/usr/wbardwel/public/nfalist/us_v_hale.txt  But you should not stop there Brady. The words "courts" and "they" usually imply usage of the plural, and I recommend that you look at more than one case. You will be particularly interested to read Silveira v. Lockyer, 312 F.3d 1052 (9th Cir. 2002), cert. denied, 124 S. Ct. 803 (2003), for it is undeniably another "collective right" opinion. The full text of the opinion can be found here:   http://www.ca9.uscourts.gov/ca9/newopinions.nsf/661116A4ECB1A7BE88256C8600544DCB/$file/0115098.pdf?openelement  For balance, I would also recommend United States v. Emerson, 270 F.3d 203 (5th Cir. 2001), cert. denied, 122 S. Ct. 2362 (2002), which is undeniably an "individual right" opinion. The full text of that opinion can be found here:   http://www.publichealthlaw.net/Reader/docs/Emerson.pdf   Finally, I would recommend Shelly Parker, et al. v. District of Columbia and Adrian M. Fenty, 478 F.3d 370 (D.C. Cir. 2007), which became the "Heller" case now pending before SCOTUS. The full text of that "individual right" opinion can be found here:  http://pacer.cadc.uscourts.gov/docs/common/opinions/200703/04-7041a.pdf  Of the 4 cases cited, the last one is the only one SCOTUS has decided to review. The review is limited as follows:  Petition GRANTED limited to the following question: Whether the following provisions - D.C. Code §§ 7-2502.02(a)(4), 22-4504(a), and 7-2507.02 - violate the Second Amendment rights of individuals who are not affiliated with any state-regulated militia, but who wish to keep handguns and other firearms for private use in their homes?   See [URL=&quot;http://www.supremecourtus.gov/docket/07-290.htm&quot;]  I ask that you read the additional three cases I cite because they do a fair job of outlining both sides of the individual/collective right dispute we are involved in. I would like to get into a discussion with you on the history and nature of the 2nd. Amendment, if you are willing to do so.   Consider this an invitation, Brady.
Well that's all well and good, except it overlooks one crucial piece of information: pistols and knives are used in every single branch of the military and have been since as far back as the Civil War!  Why would soldiers be equipped with knives and pistols if they had no bearing on milita or military use and could only be used for self-defense?  And just what exactly makes a long gun suited for militia duties, but excludes handguns?
The Presser v. Illinois case said that the Second Amendment only restricts what Congress can do. So wouldn't that mean that the D.C. Court violated Supreme Court precedent when they said that the handgun ban in D.C. was unconstitutional?  No. What really violates Supreme Court precedent was the Cases v. US, which ruled that the decision by Miller was outdated and no longer had to be abided by, because Miller basically states that any firearm that could have some connection to milita duty could never be regulated by anybody.
America is blessed to have a Constitution, which is the acknowledged and universally affirmed supreme law of the land. There is no human law that is higher than the Constitution in the United States of America. The Framers intended for the Constitution to be a list of enumerated powers, a grant of authority from the people of the United States to the newly formed Federal Government. The "Federalists" where those who supported a stronger national government. To educate the public as to what their position was, as well as to defend it from the assaults made upon it by the likes of Patrick Henry and Thomas Jefferson, these men wrote what has since become known as the "Federalist Papers." In these papers, James Madison, Alexander Hamilton, and others again and again assured the public and the detractors of the proposed Federal government that the powers granted to the Federal Government were "enumerated." That means that the Constitution is a list of what the government can do. If it isn't in the Constitution, it cannot be done. That is illegal. The Federalists didn't think we needed a Bill of Rights... they thought it was self evident that since it was a list of enumerated powers, no rights of the people could be infringed! Fortunately, wiser heads prevailed, and everyone agreed that they would ratify the new Constitution, provided that a Bill of Rights was immediately written and passed. The Founders wanted to specially mention and protect certain rights. 2nd on this list of special rights was the right to keep and bear arms. The text of the 2nd Amendment is as follows:   "A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed."  Before going further, I'd like to spend some time defining the terms we find in the 2nd Amendment.  We'll start with the word "militia." What is the militia? The U.S.C. (Title 1, Subtitle A, Part 1, Chapter 13, Section 311) defines the militia as, "all able-bodied males at least 17 years of age and, except as provided in section 313 of title 32, under 45 years of age who are, or who have made a declaration of intention to become, citizens of the United States and of female citizens of the United States who are members of the National Guard." (Section 313 of title 32, raises the maximum age for entrance into the National Guard for former military personnel.) Webster's 1828 Dictionary defines the word "militia" like this:  "The body of soldiers in a state enrolled for discipline, but not engaged in actual service except in emergencies; as distinguished from regular troops, whose sole occupation is war or military service. The militia of a country are the able bodied men organized into companies, regiments and brigades, with officers of all grades, and required by law to attend military exercises on certain days only, but at other times left to pursue their usual occupations."  So now we know that the word "militia" was intended by the Founders to refer to the body of citizens eligible for military duty. Notice how in § 311 the National Guard is distinguished from the militia.  The next item to define is the term, "well-regulated." Webster's 1828 Dictionary's definition of the word, regulated:  "Adjusted by rule, method, or forms; put in good order; subjected to rules or restrictions." Another definition, this time from the Oxford English Dictionary (2nd Edition, 1989): 1) To control or direct by a rule, principle, method, etc.  2) To adjust to some standard or requirement as for amount, degree, etc.  3) To adjust so as to ensure accuracy of operation.  4) To put in good order. The correct definition we are looking for here is "to put in good order," according to Alexander Hamilton, in the Federalist Papers #29.  Next word we will deal with is the word "people." There has been some twisting of that word by certain parties, and so it will be good to see how the Founders defined it. Some gun control advocates try to say that the word "people" here refers to a collective body of people, (a state) meaning there is no personal right to keep and bear arms. How could this be? Does the 4th Amendment refer to a "collective" right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures? That is obviously nonsense. Why would the Founders use the word "people" if they meant the states? Surely they were capable of expressing exactly what they meant. If they had meant there was only a collective right, and not an individual right, they would have said it.  Now we will deal with the next phrase, "keep and bear." This is pretty self-explanatory. "Keep" means that the people have a right to own arms, and "bear" means they have the right to use them.  Last but not least, we'll discuss what the word "arms" means. This is very important, for even if we correctly interpret the rest of the amendment, we still have the chance to go wrong here. The relevant definition in Webster's 1828 is as follows:   "Weapons of offense, or armor for defense and protection of the body." In his paper, "The Right to Keep and Bear... What?" Alo Konsen speculates that the word "arms" means more than just what has traditionally been considered small-arms (rifles, shotguns, and handguns). Mr. Konsen speculates that the word "arms" encompasses nearly the whole of the modern military arsenal. (See Mr. Konsen's paper, http://www.cga94.com/contributors/stuff/arms/iii.htm to see his explaination.) For the purpose of this paper, I will content myself with the definition that the word "arms" means weapons that can be borne by infantry, especially firearms.   I believe the primary goal of the 2nd Amendment was to show a preference the Founders had to a militia over a large standing army. For instance, in the Federalist Papers, Alexander Hamilton said,   "[I]f circumstances should at any time oblige the government to form an army of any magnitude, that army can never be formidable to the liberties of the people while there is a large body of citizens, little if at all inferior to them in discipline and the use of arms, who stand ready to defend their rights and those of their fellow citizens." (Federalist #29)   Noah Webster also weighed in on the subject:   "Before a standing army can rule, the people must be disarmed; as they are in almost every kingdom in Europe. The supreme power in America cannot enforce unjust laws by the sword; because the whole body of the people are armed, and constitute a force superior to any band of regular troops that can be, on any pretence, raised in the United States. A military force, at the command of Congress, can execute no laws, but such as the people perceive to be just and constitutional; for they will possess the power."  Notice I said that the preservation of a militia was the 2nd's PRIMARY goal. It's secondary goal is to protect individual weapon ownership. If you had suggested to the Founders that the 2nd Amendment didn't protect an individual right to keep and bear arms, you would have had quite a debate on your hands. Here is what some of the Founders said concerning firearms:   "No free man shall ever be debarred the use of arms." -- Proposed Virginia Constitution, 1776 Thomas Jefferson   "When the resolution of enslaving America was formed in Great Britain, the British Parliament was advised by an artful man, who was governor of Pennsylvania, to disarm the people; that it was the best and most effectual way to enslave them; but that they should not do it openly, but weaken them, and let them sink gradually.". . . I ask, who are the militia? They consist now of the whole people, except a few public officers." -- Virginia's U.S. Constitution ratification convention, 1788 George Mason, of Virginia   "The said Constitution [shall] be never construed to authorize Congress to infringe the just liberty of the press, or the rights of conscience; or to prevent the people of the United States, who are peaceable citizens, from keeping their own arms." -- Samuel Adams of Massachusetts, Massachusetts' U.S. Constitution ratification convention, 1788   "The Constitution preserves the advantage of being armed which Americans possess over the people of almost every other nation. . . (where) the governments are afraid to trust the people with arms." -- James Madison of Virginia, The Federalist, No.46   "[A]rms discourage and keep the invader and plunderer in awe, and preserve order in the world as well as property. . . Horrid mischief would ensue were the law-abiding deprived of the use of them." -- Thomas Paine of Pennsylvania, Thoughts On Defensive War, 1775  Can anyone suggest that they didn't intend an individual right to keep and bear arms? That of course would be absurd. The Supreme Court has repeatedly refused to hear 2nd Amendment cases since 1939, so our hands are tied for now.  In closing, I will say that America has fallen far to give up so essential a right so easily.
hey, it's really great that all you guys agree with me. :D
Not that there's much room for disagreement.
"In his paper, "The Right to Keep and Bear... What?" Alo Konsen speculates that the word "arms" means more than just what has traditionally been considered small-arms (rifles, shotguns, and handguns). Mr. Konsen speculates that the word "arms" encompasses nearly the whole of the modern military arsenal. (See Mr. Konsen's paper, http://www.cga94.com/contributors/stuff/arms/iii.htm to see his explaination.) "  --So...then the laws that say that I can't own a tank are unconstitutional?
What laws? as far as i know you are allowed to do so. W/o the ordinance though.   I'm familiar w/ Mr. Konsen's paper, but I shy away from so broad a definition. I think defining "arms" as weapons that may be carried by a man a good, and true definition.
I can't name them, but even as little as I know of the politics concerning guns, I'm fairly sure that there is a law against owning a tank, or an F-16, or a flamethrower.
Actually, it'll interest you to know that flamethrowers are perfectly legal.   There aren't laws against owning de-milled F-16s or tanks. Of course, you have to come up with the cash.
right to military service?! who else would have the right to serve in the military if it wasn't the people of the nation? I think that that's obvious. The 2nd means something more.
The same people mentioned in the first ammendment are also mentioned in the second. If Madison meant Soldiers in the Militia by the word "people" then infact the 1st ammendment only refers to the militia as well. There were proposals that would have worded it stating that the officers of the militia would keep the weapons in their homes only but instead he threw that out and chose the word "people" as in you and me. A little over 97% of court cases agree that the 2nd Ammendment applies to the individual.
Originally posted by thistownwilleat   Mr. Konsen speculates that the word "arms" encompasses nearly the whole of the modern military arsenal. (See Mr. Konsen's paper, http://www.cga94.com/contributors/stuff/arms/iii.htm to see his explaination.) "  --So...then the laws that say that I can't own a tank are unconstitutional?    It is not speculation. When the 2nd Amendment was written, modern military weapons were flint lock rifles. The whole purpose of the 2nd Amendment was so common people could fight off a state armed with modern military weapons.  Today the weapons have changed, but the need or the intent has not.  The 2nd Amendment does not mean we fight a tyrannical government with flint lock rifles.
Laws restricting ownership of any weapon is unconstitional. It is how you use weapons that should be restricted. If you are using weapons that don't endanger anyone, then what is the beef? If you use a tank or a flamethrower to rob a bank, then that should be illegal. Wait it already is.
The DA here in Shreveport has now decided to implement the NRA's "project exile". This will start in May I will fill you in once it gets running. Project Exile basically states that if you are caught selling drugs and you have a gun the DA will ask for the maximum sentence on both cases (it is culmative i.e. selling drugs 5 years with a gun attach an aditional ten at the bear minimum for a total of 15 years and that is federal time you will serve 85% of your sentence before you are eligiable for parole). So basically commiting a crime and possesing a gun really hurts(i.e. robbing a bank 10 years, robbing a bank with a gun additional 10 years) I will keep a look out for stats concerning this.
Yes. If a person can manage and store WMD with what is considered safe. If I can do the job as good or even better than the state. If I can meet all of their requirements that the government sets for itself, then I sould be allowed to own WMDs.
Originally posted by voiceofreason  You're nuts, Kelvin. Only the rich would be able to afford military weapons. The rich would have dominion over the poor.    Huh? Please expound how the Gates, the Gettys, the Kennedys, the Hiltons, the Rockafellers dominate the poor with guns. The rich can afford and can legally own them right now. Are they enslaving the poor right now at the end of a gun barrel?  Please explain that if a common man can store, use, and own modern military weapons as safe or even safer that the state; that he/she should not be allowed to own military weapons.
I stand corrected on the WMD/military weapons arguement, sorry for the digression trying muddle the subject and change it.
Ok the WMD of argument is moot. There is not going to by any vendor. Even the gazallionaires like Bill Gates won't get them.  But my arguement on weapons ownership for common men still stands.  If a common man can use, own, and store modern military weapons as safe or even safer than the state, by what logic do you argue that only the state should have them?
My research pretty clearly indicates what the Founders and their informed contemporaries understood "arms" to mean in their day: that the Second Amendment guarantees an individual's right to keep and bear any and all weapons, no matter how destructive. Yes, it's an unsettling thought. But a proper textualist reading of the 2nd Amendment leads fairly obviously to that conclusion.  Granted, I think the potential results are way too dangerous to leave things as they are. That's why my paper suggests a 28th Amendment limiting individual access to excessively destructive weapons that threaten society, while preserving the common-sense meaning of the individual right protected by the text of the 2nd Amendment.  Thanks for reading my paper. It's pretty darn cool to see it pop up now and again. The crowd over at FreeRepublic.com really gave it a good going-over, and I made some changes as a result.
Mr. Konsen,   First let me say I'm very pleased to meet you. I have personally cited your paper (but you may already know that. emoticon_smile )   However, I disagree with your definition of the word "arms." While we could indeed, in a very broad way, interpret arms to mean any weapon, I do not think that was the intent of the Framers for this simple reason: They were very much opposed to the states posessing warships. I should think we'd have seen a big fuss if that wasn't the originial intent of Madison et al. However, the national-level government was much against the state's posession of warships. Arguably, the states could say they were exercising their militia powers. However that argument didn't hold water, and the states were forced to disband (or actually sell to the Feds, as I recall) their warships.   Don't you think that means there are limits?   Guncite.com (who links to your paper) says it like this: "In Colonial times "arms" usually meant weapons that could be carried. This included knives, swords, rifles and pistols. Dictionaries of the time had a separate definition for "ordinance" (as it was spelled then) meaning cannon. Any hand held, non-ordnance type weapons, are theoretically constitutionally protected. Obviously nuclear weapons, tanks, rockets, fighter planes, and submarines are not."  If the Feds chose at some time to supply the militia with ships and cannon (as you showed in your paper) I think it was in excess of 2nd Amendment rights. Not a bad thing by anymeans (seeing as we are at the opposite pole today) but I don't think it means that all arms are protected by the 2nd.   Also, I'm squeemish about circulating such an amendment as you propose (which could do no harm if done correctly) simply because I fear it'll be abused in the present political atmosphere toward civilian ownership of weapons in general and guns in particular.
Oh boy, a whole can of worms here. The full text of the SA is without a doubt meant to protect firearms ownership within a militia. Firearms ownership at the time the SA was written was defacto and did not need protection. The militia is not the National Guard. Anti-gunners have the problem of somehow equating a militia with the National Guard. If you intrepret the SA as meaning gun owernship for the purpose of a militia, then anyone can form a militia, and legally have military weapons.  Everyone should be nervous about a 28th Amendment. Messing with the Constitution is always dangerous.
The notions in the Constitution have been tried and experimented with since Saxon law. We are left with what has worked. It is all an experiment. We can experiment like prohibition or we can experiment like the First Amendment.  The first 10 protect freedom. Prohibition is a restriction. Any amendments that sound like a restriction I would be suspicious of.
That is correct, Debater. If you see my first post in this thread, you can find the citation to it in the US Code.
The National Defence Act of 1916 called on States to finance, support, and train militias. It basically called on every state to make the militias more effective by organizing them. Until then there was no requirement that the state maintain a militia, but of the states citizenry to do so. It did not however prevent citizens from forming their own militias as they see fit. What its main purpose to do was to hold accountable those who did not follow the laws of the militias (i.e. not showing up for drill) alot more harsh and also required that those joining swear an oath to follow the laws and commands, as there had been no previous requirment to do so.
Despite your S.C. case, Tim, there are still sections in the US Code that say EVERY male 17-45 is in the militia, not just those that choose to join the N.G. Therefore, I am in the militia, despite the fact that I'm not a member of the National Guard.
I for one believe that the ENTIRE text of the SA deals with ownership of firearms within the context of a militia and not private ownership.  The 1916 Act screws with the Constitution in some very dangerous ways. The purpose of the SA is an armed force to balance the Federal government. Now with the 1916 Act the Feds can take control of the N.G. anytime they want to.   The N.G. has lost it's independace to the Federal government. The N.G. derives most of it corps from ex-federal services. The unifroms and infrastructure mimcs federal forces. The N.G. and federal forces are all or once have been poker buddies when in the service. So who is the N.G. loyal to? There is no militia protecting "the people". There is no use of the SA as it was orginally intended by the 1916 Act.
the National Guard already IS a federal institution. Everytime we go to war, National Guard units go too.
Patriot and Kelvin:  Your crushing of other people arguments with facts and statistics has to stop, you two are running everyone else off. ;)   Where has everyone gone? We need more liberals on this website. Lets ask Norm to go drag some commies over here.
HAHAHAHAHA  Commies should be able to express their viewpoints, they are wrong and we are right and I feel that I would be able to argue points with them effectively and if they get out of hand we can just unleash SN on them.
you forget, jfriday, that communists are not in favor of gun control until they come to power. ;)
Originally posted by JFriday  Patriot and Kelvin:  Your crushing of other people arguments with facts and statistics has to stop, you two are running everyone else off. ;)   Where has everyone gone? We need more liberals on this website. Lets ask Norm to go drag some commies over here.    If you know where the commies have a debate forum, please post it here. I would like to go and join. Just to make it clear I'm joining the forum, not the commies.
Good point, aslong as they are not in power they dont want gun control, when they get into power they do. I will ask Norm to bring some of his old buddies over here. Or just go E-mail the VPC, AGS or some other anti gun website.
Hey Thanks. Your not such a bad guy after all. How long do you think it will take before I get banned from those groups?
Boy I have made a couple of enemies over there but it was fun.
The 9th Circuit is the most overturned court in the land VOR I would not celebrate so soon.
Originally posted by voiceofreason  Recently, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the second amendment does not grant you an individual right to own a gun. (Silveira v. Lockyer)    I wonder what the 2nd DOES grant then.... Any answers to that, VoR?
What? What does church and state have to do with the gun ban?  Dude you really need to be more carefull what you post.  Yes the article upholds the ban. If you think that it is settled, you are seriously full of delusions.  Again the 9th court is the most over turned court in history.
Originally posted by voiceofreason  I just thought it was interesting that the same court that is protecting our first amendment freedoms is also correctly interpreting the second amendment.    Again, "THE MOST OVERTURNED COURT IN HISTORY"
Not only the most overturned, but wrong in this case at least.    Evidence of an Individual Right   In his popular edition of Blackstone's Commentaries on the Laws of England (1803), St. George Tucker, a lawyer, Revolutionary War militia officer, legal scholar, and later a U.S. District Court judge, wrote of the Second Amendment:   The right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed, and this without any qualification as to their condition or degree, as is the case in the British government.  In the appendix to the Commentaries, Tucker elaborates further:  This may be considered as the true palladium of liberty... The right of self-defense is the first law of nature; in most governments it has been the study of rulers to confine this right within the narrowest limits possible. Whenever standing armies are kept up, and the right of the people to keep and bear arms is, under any color or pretext whatsoever, prohibited, liberty, if not already annihilated, is on the brink of destruction. Tucker's remarks are solid evidence that the militia clause was not the sole reason for preserving the right of the people to keep and bear arms. Tucker specifically mentions self-defense. This indicates two things: The scope of the right to keep and bear arms was not restricted to military purposes or the common defense (just such a provision was rejected by the Senate), and that "the people" means individuals, not a collective entity, and not a state.  (William Blackstone was an English jurist who published Commentaries on the Laws of England, in four volumes between 1765 and 1769. Blackstone is credited with laying the foundation of modern English law and certainly influenced the thinking of the American Founders.)   In the Federalist Papers, No. 29, Alexander Hamilton clearly states membership in a well regulated militia is not required for the right to keep arms:   What plan for the regulation of the militia may be pursued by the national government is impossible to be foreseen...The project of disciplining all the militia of the United States is as futile as it would be injurious if it were capable of being carried into execution... Little more can reasonably be aimed at with the respect to the people at large than to have them properly armed and equipped ; and in order to see that this be not neglected, it will be necessary to assemble them once or twice in the course of a year.  ---The Federalist Papers, No. 29.  After James Madison's Bill of Rights was submitted to Congress, Tench Coxe (see also: Tench Coxe and the Right to Keep and Bear Arms, 1787-1823) published his "Remarks on the First Part of the Amendments to the Federal Constitution," in the Federal Gazette, June 18, 1789 He asserts that it's the people (as individuals) with arms, who serve as the ultimate check on government:  As civil rulers, not having their duty to the people duly before them, may attempt to tyrannize, and as the military forces which must be occasionally raised to defend our country, might pervert their power to the injury of their fellow-citizens, the people are confirmed by the next article in their right to keep and bear their private arms.  "Coxe's defense of the amendments was widely reprinted. A search of the literature of the time reveals that no writer disputed or contradicted Coxe's analysis that what became the Second Amendment protected the right of the people to keep and bear "their private arms." The only dispute was over whether a bill of rights was even necessary to protect such fundamental rights." (Halbrook, Stephen P. "The Right of the People or the Power of the State Bearing Arms, Arming Militias, and the Second Amendment". Originally published as 26 Val. U. L.Rev. 131-207, 1991).  Earlier, in The Pennsylvania Gazette, Feb. 20, 1788, while the states were considering ratification of the Constitution, Tench Coxe wrote:   Who are the militia? are they not ourselves. Is it feared, then, that we shall turn our arms each man against his own bosom. Congress have no power to disarm the militia. Their swords, and every other terrible implement of the soldier, are the birth-right of an American...The unlimited power of the sword is not in the hands of either the federal or state governments but, where I trust in God it will ever remain, in the hands of the people.  William Rawle's "A View of the Constitution of the United States of America" (1829), was adopted as a constitutional law textbook at West Point and other institutions. In Chapter 10 he describes the scope of the Second Amendment's right to keep and bear arms:   The prohibition is general. No clause in the constitution could by any rule of construction be conceived to give congress a power to disarm the people. Such a flagitious attempt could only be made under some general pretence by a state legislature. But if in any blind pursuit of inordinate power, either should attempt it, this amendment may be appealed to as a restraint on both.  This is another quote where it is obvious that "the people" means individuals since Rawle writes neither the states nor the national government has legitimate authority to disarm its citizens.  (In 1791 William Rawle was appointed as a United States Attorney for Pennsylvania by President George Washington, a post he held for more than eight years. He was also George Washington's candidate for the nation's first attorney general, but Rawle declined the appointment.)   A lengthier quote from Rawle, and more quotes from St. George Tucker are presented in the quotes from commentators section.    More quotes from the Founding Fathers.   The Early Supreme Court   There were only three Second Amendment related Supreme Court cases in the 19th Century. Here is a quote from the case of Presser v. Illinois, 116 U.S. 252 (1886) :   It is undoubtedly true that all citizens capable of bearing arms constitute the reserved military force or reserve militia of the United States as well as of the States, and in view of this prerogative of the general government...the States cannot, even laying the constitutional provision in question [the Second Amendment] out of view, prohibit the people from keeping and bearing arms, so as to deprive the United States of their rightful resource for maintaining the public security, and disable the people from performing their duty to the general government.  At the time of this decision the entire Bill of Rights was considered inapplicable to the states. It served as a limitation upon only the federal government (Barron v. Baltimore, 1833). Regardless of this limitation, the Presser court wrote that the right to keep and bear arms existed for "all citizens capable of bearing arms" and the states could not infringe upon this right.     http://www.guncite.com/gc2ndpur.html
Originally posted by Patriot  Not only the most overturned, but wrong in this case at least.         Not only do their superiors in higher courts think they are a joke, but their peers in other circuit courts think they are a joke.
There is no requirement in the 2nd amend that a person must be in a militia to bear arms.   Also tanks, fighter aircraft and yes even rockets are legal to own. People collect these items. Has there been any crimes with these items? No!
There is no requirement in the 2nd amend that a person must be in a militia to bear arms.   Also tanks, fighter aircraft and yes even rockets are legal to own. People collect these items. Has there been any crimes with these items? No!  One point I would like to make is that rockets are not legal to own, unless they are demil-ed, and the same goes for tanks and aircraft. They are called Destructive Devices under the NFA, and are regulated heavily.
One point I would like to make is that rockets are not legal to own, unless they are demil-ed, and the same goes for tanks and aircraft. They are called Destructive Devices under the NFA, and are regulated heavily.  Do some research. People collect functional tanks and aircraft. Did you ever hear of the Confederate Air Force? They restore and fly military aircraft. As for tanks, there are many web sites that promote collecting tanks and other military vehicles. And people shoot laws rockets. They just do not shoot live HE rounds. It is a little expensive.
For those who claim that the 2nd Am. protects even the right to have WMDs: surely Saddam Hussein and Kim Yong Il cannot be denied the same right, right?  At last check the two people you mentioned do not live in America or hold American citizenship.   As for access to wmd, per all of the news networks terrorist and the two people you mentioned all ready have access to these wmd in other countries!
So what? That just means we have even less authority to regulate what they may or may not do.  Clearly, if we could not forbid Bill Gates to own nukes and ICBMs, we cannot forbid Kim Yong Il the same thing, either.  The 2nd amend only applies to Americans.  It is always interesting that gun haters throw out the nuke and missile scare tactic every time a person defends no limits on the right to bear arms.   Has there ever been one recorded incident of an American citizen trying to purchase a nuke or missile? if the gun haters are going to use this scare tactic they should be able to produce one recorded incident of this happening.   Has there ever been a crime committed with these items in America?  No!  Will gun haters constantly chant this scare tactic to push for gun control laws? Yes!
Of course there hasn't - because there is no way in hell you could ever legally do so.  It is not scare tactics. It is simply showing that you don't know what you are talking about.   Since you stated they are illegal to own, please produce the law defending your claim. A very simple request.  Unlike you I am not trying to make my opponent look stupid. I admit when I do not know something. In this case I do not know of any laws prohibiting the ownership of nukes or icbm's. I do not know of this law simple because I have never checked into purchasing a nuke or icbm. I have never had the urge to own them seeing how they are rather costly to own, so I just never checked into the laws. Since you appear to be the expert on nukes and icbm's you must know the law. So would you please produce the law or web site where I could read it for myself.  For help you may want to check out the atf web site. Plus they do take questions. Now maybe the atf would not be the ones to ask seeing how nukes and icbm's are not guns.   So who would you ask about this.   One of the gun haters should know the law or where we can read it, since the gun haters chant this gun hater scare tactic all of the time.  Oh and if nukes and icbm's are illegal to own what is the point of gun haters asking this question?
Despite the claims of some pro-gunners, there is no constitutional right to own nuclear weapons. In the following case a federal appeals court ruled that there is no individual right to own pipe bombs or machine guns. Since there is no right to privately own these weapons, why would there be a right to privately own nuclear weapons?   "The Second Amendment to the United States Constitution provides: 'A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.' In this case, we must decide whether this amendment grants constitutional protection to an individual whose possession or use of machineguns and pipe bombs is not reasonably related to an organized state militia. We hold that it does not." US v. Wright (11th Cir 1997) http://www.healylaw.com/cases/wright.htm   Gun haters please show me the law that defends your claim.  As for machine-guns, they are legal to own. They are somewhat regulated, but they are legal to own in all but a few states. How do I know this? I own a few myself. Plus I go to machine-gun shoots.   By the way gun haters there has only been one crime with a legally registered machine-guns in the last 30 to 40 yr.. The machine-guns used in the la bank robbery were illegally converted machine-guns. Once again proving that criminals do not obey gun control laws. Only law abiding citizens are affected by gun control laws.  So gun haters if you are going to make a claim, please provide the needed facts to defend that claim. In this case the laws against owning nukes or icbm's. I have stated I do not know this law simply because I have no desire to own a nuke or icbm. Because if this I have never check into this.  As for making pipe bombs. The law appears to be if you intend to use them for a crime you are in trouble. Because I cannot find any law that states you cannot make a pipe bomb.   So if you are going to quote a law please have the law available for us to read.
Still no answer to defend your claim! It is a very simple request. If gun haters are going to state there is a law, then they should be able to produce that law.   What can one expect from a member of a hate group.
"Laws restricting ownership of any weapon is unconstitional." Are you saying that private citizens should be able to own nuclear and biological weapons according to the second amendment?  Yes, If (important here is IF) I can keep and maintain nuclear weapons with MORE responsibility and GEATER saftey that the Department of Defense. Then there is no reason for the government to deny me the purchase of a nulcear weapon if I can find a seller.  The simple fact that I cannot maintain nuclear weapons with MORE responsibility and GREATER saftey than the Department of Defense is reason enough for me that I do not want to own them. Nor can I find a seller.  But...  I can keep assault rifles with MORE responsibility and even GREATER saftey that the US Army. My rifles are under more locks and and controls. I train with my rifle more and I score better than 90% of soldiers. I am MORE responsible, SAFER, and BETTER trained than the Army. There is no rational reason to deny me equalivant firearms.  The day when I can build a personal bunker, pay nuclear technicians, and pay armed guards to protect my nuclear bomb, then the government has no rational reason to deny me ownership of a nuke.
Yes, I am sure you can also keep morphine with more responsibility and greater safety than a hospital. emoticon_xbouncer   So do only those as responsible as you have the right to keep weapons? And how do they prove they have the responsibility of a Kelvinator?  Read the post, IF I can do A, then I am allowed to do B. I can not keep morphine responsibily, then I can not own morphine. I can keep assault rifles responsibily, then I am allowed to own assault rifles. That is a hallmark of our law system, personal responsibility. I do things that I can carry out with saftey and responsibility. I can not carry out heart surgery with saftey and responsibility, I am not allowed to perform heart surgery.  But... I can keep assault weapons with saftey and responsibility.  I train more than often than 90% of soliders with my rifle. I am at the rifle range every weekend. I a better marksman than most soliders, only special forces put more rounds down range than I do. I keep my weapons in a steel safe that only explosives will open and you will need a forklift to carry away. The army just keeps them in a building and sometimes in a wooden box.  I believe I use more care and responsibility than the army to keep my weapons safe.
I see that. ;)  I do not keep my rifles in a wooden box and I train more than the US army. I am more responsible than the army. Then there is no rational reason to deny me ownership of an assault rifle. My guns are less dangerous to the saftey of society than the US Armies guns. There is no reason to prevent me and other people who are responsible and good decent people from access to firearms.
Still no answer to the simple question. If there is a law against owning nukes and icbm's please post it. Oh and do not forget the law about pipe bombs. I did a search today and could not find any law against making pipe bombs. I did find a few laws that covered using pipe bombs or any bomb for that matter for a crime.
Still no answer to the simple question. If there is a law against owning nukes and icbm's please post it. Oh and do not forget the law about pipe bombs. I did a search today and could not find any law against making pipe bombs. I did find a few laws that covered using pipe bombs or any bomb for that matter for a crime.  The question is actually moot. You won't find any seller of icbms. Pipe bombs? I would not want to own one. There are no quality controls or saftey requirements for such homemade devices. Such devices are dangerous and I would consider irresponsible to own. Claymore's and anti-tank guns? I could not store those items with saftey in my home. I would endanger my neghbors with the amount of explosives in them. If I lived in the middle of Alaska, then I see no problem for owning them if I had equilivant training that the Army uses to train soldiers. In that respect I consider that portion of laws restricting destructive devices as unconstitutional. Ofcourse the question is also moot. I won't find any seller of LAWs or Claymores.
Gun haters stated there was a law to defend their claims. The question was, can the gun haters produce the law they are using to defend their statements. It appears like all hate group members when pressed for proof they cannot produce it. Please produce the law against anti-tank guns, LAWS rockets, pipe bombs, nuke's, and icbm's  As for you remarks about anit-tank guns and LAWS rockets. These are legal to own. Before making claims like this people need to visit the ATF web site or their own states web sites and do some research. How do I know anti-tank guns and LAWS rockets are legal own. Simple I have attend shooting events and watched them being fired. Plus there has never been a crime committed with these items.   As for safe storage. How do you store gasoline? This is far more dangerous then ammunition for these guns.   Unlike the gun haters I have answered their question.
Gun haters stated there was a law to defend their claims. The question was, can the gun haters produce the law they are using to defend their statements. It appears like all hate group members when pressed for proof they cannot produce it. Please produce the law against anti-tank guns, LAWS rockets, pipe bombs, nuke's, and icbm's  As for you remarks about anit-tank guns and LAWS rockets. These are legal to own. Before making claims like this people need to visit the ATF web site or their own states web sites and do some research. How do I know anti-tank guns and LAWS rockets are legal own. Simple I have attend shooting events and watched them being fired. Plus there has never been a crime committed with these items.   As for safe storage. How do you store gasoline? This is far more dangerous then ammunition for these guns.   Unlike the gun haters I have answered their question.  I am aware of the legality of owning destructive devices. They are legal to own. You just need more paper work. If you have a seller in mind, let me know. I'd like to try out a few LAWs. I am also aware of the destructive power of 1 gallon gasoline. Try and explain that to a laywer. I am pretty sure I can convince a jurry of the saftey of 1 gallon of gasoline. I don't think I can convince a jurry or my insurance company of the saftey of 14 sticks of TNT if I had an accident in my garage.  I am talking personally. I would not want to store 14 sticks of TNT in my garage for the reasons above, but a gallon of gas in a can is OK.
Despite the claims of some pro-gunners, there is no constitutional right to own nuclear weapons. In the following case a federal appeals court ruled that there is no individual right to own pipe bombs or machine guns. Since there is no right to privately own these weapons, why would there be a right to privately own nuclear weapons?   "The Second Amendment to the United States Constitution provides: 'A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.' In this case, we must decide whether this amendment grants constitutional protection to an individual whose possession or use of machineguns and pipe bombs is not reasonably related to an organized state militia. We hold that it does not." US v. Wright (11th Cir 1997) http://www.healylaw.com/cases/wright.htm   I believe you are a little confused. You are right, there is no laws saying "YES" I can own destructive devices. You forget, we live in a free country. We can do anything we want as long as it there is no law against it. There is no law preventing me to own nuclear weapons or any other insanely massively destructive device.  There is no law saying that is OK for me to break the sound barrier in a car in the Nevada desert, there is no law saying it is OK for me to for me to sail around the world in a boat, there is no law saying it is OK for me to dress like a clown, there are no laws saying it is OK for me it cross breed apples and oranges in my backyard. When there are now laws saying an activity is OK, you can do it. We live in a free country. You can not do things when a law says NO. There are no laws for me saying is OK to wipe my butt with toilet paper. Just because the laws does not say it is OK, do I have to ask permission first?
Here are some articles from the US Code. Title 18, Part I contains federal crimes.  Chapter 10, Section 175: Possession of biological wepons is prohibited and punishable up to life imprisonment.  Ch. 11B, Sect. 229: Possession of chemical wepons is prohibited unless authorized by law or an appropriate military commander. Punishable by fine and/or "any term of years".  Ch. 39, Sect. 831: Possession of nuclear materials w/o lawful authority is prohibited and punishable by fine and/or imprisonment. This section is more complicated, but its part (a)(1)(B) effectively covers all private possession of nuclear/radiological weapons.  Ch. 40, Sect. 842: Traffic in explosives is heavily restricted and regulated. Penalties (Sect. 844) for violations may be severe.  Ch. 44, Sect. 922: (a)(7-8) Importing, manufacturing or selling armor-piercing ammunition is prohibited, except for US government/military use. (b)(4) Machineguns, short-barreled rifles and the like are prohibited unless specifically authorized by the government. (p)(1) Any firearm that does not show up on usual security check devices (metal detectors, x-ray scanners etc.) is prohibited. Other provisions of this section regulate and restrict traffic in firearms generally. Sect. 924 provides fine/prison penalties.  This is not necessarily an exhaustive list of prohibitions on ownership of specific weapons. And this is just the federal criminal law. Many states have additional prohibitions.  You still think you can own nukes?  Ahhh I think you need to check those laws again. I don't discount many of them, but.......  1) Farmer next door just used explosives to remove a tree stump. You can buy powder in the mail, just pay the extra explosives hazard fee, they prefer you order in large volume: https://www.eabco.com/VVuori02.html  2) I buy SS109 armour piecing ammo in the mail all the time: http://www.billstclair.com/ammo.html  3) Machine guns are legal. Here is where you can buy them:  http://www.gunsnstuf.com/ Here is where you fill out the paper work: http://www.classthreesupply.com/HTBAMG.htm  No I can not own nukes. No one will sell them to me, the government has a monopoly. Just because I have the right to buy something, does not mean I have the right for someone to force them to sell it to me. No I can not own biological weapons. No one will sell them to me. No one is about to challege the constitutionality of that law.  Didn't both sides use chlorine gas to kill each other in WW1: http://www.intheswim.com/catalog.cfm?dest=dept&deptid=1137&storeid=11&requestTimeout=500 It's not a weapon. I am sure a college chemistry textbook will show you enough to make the tablets into a weapon. Ofcourse it would be illegal, it is called a weapon. I would have to find some other use for it to make it legal. Maybe it is an insect fogger, not a chemical weapon. Maybe I will save time just buy the insect fogger instead of making one.  http://store.yahoo.com/onestopshopcatalog/lawn---garden-catalog-lawn---garden-power-machines---tools-insect-foggers.html  I can be just as smart XXX as you.
Only half of that, and the second half I am afraid.  Your points:  1) I can not own machine guns  2) I can not own explosives  3) I can not own armour piercing ammo.  4) I can not own nuclear, chemical, biological weapons.   ___________________________________________________  1) Here is what you need to do to buy a machine gun: http://www.gunsnstuf.com/ http://www.classthreesupply.com/HTBAMG.htm  2) Just pay the extra explosives handeling fee and it will be delivered to your door: https://www.eabco.com/VVuori02.html  3) Send in your drivers license photo copy to prove your 18 and you can buy armour piercing ammo: http://www.billstclair.com/ammo.html  4) WW1 chemical weapon (or insect fogger)? http://store.yahoo.com/onestopshopc...ct-foggers.html Nuclear or biological weapons? I yield to you. I can not buy them.
Of course it is possible that you can buy those things. I never said you could not. What I did say is: you may not. It is illegal.  You can buy heroin, too. People do it all the time. Doesn't mean they may.   YOU are misinformed.  Machineguns are legal to buy and own.  Explosives are legal to buy and own.  Armor piercing ammo is legal to buy and own in some calibers just not "ALL" of them.  Nuke/chem/BIO- You are probably correct on that point.
Of course it is possible that you can buy those things. I never said you could not. What I did say is: you may not. It is illegal.  You can buy heroin, too. People do it all the time. Doesn't mean they may.  Finally a gun hater produces the data to defend their claims. Even though some of it appears wrong.   It is not illegal to own machine-guns. Some states(very few) have banned them but not all of the states.   Now it is illegal for any new machine-guns to be manufactured for sell to the public since May of 1986. This is called the machine-gun ban of 1986. A republican president signed that ban.   So now gun haters since it may be illegal to own nukes. Tell me why ever time a person defends no gun bans the gun haters throw out the nuke bs. I mean if nukes are illegal why do gun haters constantly chant this bs? Can you show me a message board where a person is demanding the right to own nukes?   As for AP (armor piercing bullets) ammo. We can no longer import AP ammo made outside of the US. But we can still buy US made AP ammo.   BTW do you know what AP ammo is? Give us your thoughts on what makes a bullet an armor piercing round.
1. There is no such thing as a "gun hater" and your calling me a "gun hater" makes no more sense than it would make for me to call you a "female parent lover".  2. Everything I claimed is based on the US Code. No other source can compete with it re: legality of some action in the US. If you disagree with any of my claims, you must show that I misinterpreted the Code. No other counterarguments are valid.   Look up "ATF Form 4".  Fill it out and you have started the process to buy a machinegun.  Also look up "NFA of 1934".   Your comments on explosives (RE: USC)only say it's restricted & regulated...NOT banned as you have implied.  Do a little more thorough research before you post this as "fact". Maybe if you lived here you would be alittle more aware or your rights and what they represent.
1. There is no such thing as a "gun hater" and your calling me a "gun hater" makes no more sense than it would make for me to call you a "female parent lover".  2. Everything I claimed is based on the US Code. No other source can compete with it re: legality of some action in the US. If you disagree with any of my claims, you must show that I misinterpreted the Code. No other counterarguments are valid.  A gun haters is a person that wants gun control laws that infringe on the right to bear arms or wants to ban the right to bear arms.  Gun haters would like to be called anti gun or gun control advocate. These names do not really describe what a gun hater is. A gun hater is a member of a hate group that want to take rights away from other people. Like any hate group gun haters will use lies and attack anybody speaking out against their goals.  Gun haters are like any other hate group. Groups like the kkk, nazis, or communist.
Did you refute anything I said? Umm, yeah I did. But since you didn't bother to look them up here it is.  USC, Title 26, Chapter 53- http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/casecode/uscodes/26/subtitles/e/chapters/53/subchapters/b/parts/i/sections/section_5841.html  (a) Central registry The Secretary shall maintain a central registry of all firearms in the United States which are not in the possession or under the control of the United States. This registry shall be known as the National Firearms Registration and Transfer Record. The registry shall include - (1) identification of the firearm; (2) date of registration; and (3) identification and address of person entitled to possession of the firearm. (b) By whom registered Each manufacturer, importer, and maker shall register each firearm he manufactures, imports, or makes. Each firearm transferred shall be registered to the transferee by the transferor. (c) How registered Each manufacturer shall notify the Secretary of the manufacture of a firearm in such manner as may by regulations be prescribed and such notification shall effect the registration of the firearm required by this section. Each importer, maker, and transferor of a firearm shall, prior to importing, making, or transferring a firearm, obtain authorization in such manner as required by this chapter or regulations issued thereunder to import, make, or transfer the firearm, and such authorization shall effect the registration of the firearm required by this section. (d) Firearms registered on effective date of this Act A person shown as possessing a firearm by the records maintained by the Secretary pursuant to the National Firearms Act in force on the day immediately prior to the effective date of the National Firearms Act of 1968 shall be considered to have registered under this section the firearms in his possession which are disclosed by that record as being in his possession. (e) Proof of registration A person possessing a firearm registered as required by this section shall retain proof of registration which shall be made available to the Secretary upon request.   There you go.
Here are some articles from the US Code. Title 18, Part I contains federal crimes.  Ch. 11B, Sect. 229: Possession of chemical wepons is prohibited unless authorized by law or an appropriate military commander. Punishable by fine and/or "any term of years".  Also "poison gas" is termed a "destructive device" and is therefore legal to own under the NFA of 1934.  http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/casecode/uscodes/26/subtitles/e/chapters/53/subchapters/b/parts/i/sections/section_5845.html  The term ''destructive device'' means (1) any explosive, incendiary, or poison gas (A) bomb, (B) grenade, (C) rocket having a propellent charge of more than four ounces, (D) missile having an explosive or incendiary charge of more than one-quarter ounce, (E) mine, or (F) similar device; (2) any type of weapon by whatever name known which will, or which may be readily converted to, expel a projectile by the action of an explosive or other propellant, the barrel or barrels of which have a bore of more than one-half inch in diameter, except a shotgun or shotgun shell which the Secretary finds is generally recognized as particularly suitable for sporting purposes; and (3) any combination of parts either designed or intended for use in converting any device into a destructive device as defined in subparagraphs (1) and (2) and from which a destructive device may be readily assembled.    hmmm.......
If the US code provision I cited was enacted after 1934 (and, given what it talks about, I don't think it is necessary for me to verify that), then it trumps your statute by standard rules of statutory construction. You wish.....   If what "you" think is correct (which it isn't) then they would have have to ammend the given statue. Since they didn't it is therefore legal to own.  In the same link I provided do you also suggest that: "(1) any explosive, incendiary, or poison gas (A) bomb, (B) grenade, (C) rocket having a propellent charge of more than four ounces, (D) missile having an explosive or incendiary charge of more than one-quarter ounce, (E) mine, or (F) similar device;"  are also "illegal" because your statue "trumps" mine?  If so, you are sadly mistaken and fail to grasp what is legal here in the US and what isn't.
Exactly which of my statements did you refute? Well so far I've proven you wrong on 2 out of 4. I'll prove the other two when I get around to it.
So when was it enacted?    Nonsense. You know nothing about statutory construction. And not much more about spelling, by the way...   I knew I could count on you to come back with a personal attack instead of any factual evidence. Typical with most gun haters.  Show us where it says that you CANNOT own machineguns in the US.
Can you say a sentence about anything without mentioning "gun haters"?  You have a psychological problem. You should seek professional help. Avoiding the question again???? Personal attacks???  "Show us where it says that you CANNOT own machineguns in the US."  Go ahead....prove that it's illegal to own machineguns in the US.
Of course it is possible that you can buy those things. I never said you could not. What I did say is: you may not. It is illegal.  You can buy heroin, too. People do it all the time. Doesn't mean they may.  Ah. All those things above? Are legal, except the two items I can not find sellers for. The explosives, armour piercing ammo, and chlorine gas, all can be bought on the internet and delivered to my door. The machine guns bought on the internet, but I need to have them shipped to a licensed dealer, then pick them up from the dealer.
Avoiding the question again???? Personal attacks???  "Show us where it says that you CANNOT own machineguns in the US."  Go ahead....prove that it's illegal to own machineguns in the US. Well do you have any proof yet???
Before I commit myself on this subject... someone tell me about gun shows. I've never been to one, and I've never spoken to someone about them, so i'd appreciate more knowledge, firsthand preferably, of course. emoticon_smile
It is perfectly legal for anyone to sell a legal owned firearm to anyone who is legally owned to have one, period. I can sell one in the newspaper, I can sell one on the street corner, and I can sell one in the parking lot of Walmart. I don't sell firearms as a primary income. I am not required to perform a background check. I am even prohibited by law from performing a background check. I have to use sound judgement when selling a firearm.  All gun dealers must perform background checks at gunshows. To the law a gun dealer making a sale at a gunshow is the same as a gun dealer making a sale in a retail store.  A private citizen can walk into a gunshow holding a firearm and a "for sale" sign and sell a firearm with no background check.  The gunshow loop hole that anti-gunners are trying to close, will also nullify existing laws regard private citizens selling firearms. So when an anti-gunners says they are trying to close the loop hole, don't you believe them. They are after the private sale of firearms. Should I be posting this under "Liberal Lie" thread?
THAT is what they are making a big fuss over?? ???
Originally posted by Patriot  THAT is what they are making a big fuss over?? ???    If anti-gunners can pass a law to make the private sale of guns require a background check at a gun store then they can do it for all private sales.  If it is illegal for private citizens to sell guns at a gun show, then what prevents them from simply walking out to the parking lot and concluding the sale there?
HB 2318 which will prevent cities from requiring background checks for non-commercial sales of firearms on city property passed the House 36-21. Anti-gunners loose another one.
I work gun shows with a local gun store and I have to tell you that EVERY transaction that we do goes through the proper channels and includes background checks. If someone comes up to us and says they want an off the paper transaction, we will not do the sale. The same thing goes with such activity at our shops. We will also write a description of the person down and notify one of the police offers on duty at the show.  Now, a few people I know will sell one or two of the long arms during the shows. What a majority of them will do is come to a dealer to handle the transfer to be absolutely safe.  See there seems to be this idea that people will just sell anything to anyone, "No questions asked". This is one of the things the Gun Control people are pushing.  Where it might happen, it doesn't happen all that much because if you sell a gun to someone who shouldn't have one, and they go out and kill someone with it, you will have legal action brought against you.  Just look at the Columbine case. The person that bought the AB-10 pistol for the killers, even though he bought it at a gun show, he went through a dealer he still did an illegal purchase and had charges filed against him. Purchasing a gun for someone else is a felony, also known as a "straw purchase"
Please let me explain this. Sorry if you believe I am insulting your intelligence.  The law is very clear about background checks at gunshows. If you make a living selling guns, you have to perform a background chek period. There is no loophole.  The seller for those Columbine guns? Do you think he need an ID to verify that they were under age? 1) He knew they were underage 2) He knew it was illegal to sell them a firearm. 3) Of course he did not do a background check. They were underage.  The seller broke atleast 2 laws by selling these guns and only got 6 months! All people who willingly break firearms laws should go away for a long time. I promise you the seller is out selling more guns.
Actually, one of the Columbine kids was 18, thus able to purchase that 9mm Hi Point rifle. (which is NOT an "assault weapon", even though it's black, has a pistol grip, and looks evil. It only accepts a 10 round magazine, the same capacity all the gun control advocates press for. It will NOT accept any higher ones. They could have purchased a semiauto hunting rifle, some of them have 10 round mags, and ONLY 10 round magazines, but firer a higher velocity round)  The AB-10 pistol was bought by one of the killer's friends. He was over 21, thus able to purchase a pistol legally. If he didn't come up to the dealer and say "Hey, I'm buying this for that minor over there" The dealer has no idea it's a straw purchase.  A lot of white supremacists, terrorists, blah blah, visit gun stores too, they sometimes buy guns there, sometimes not.   Has anyone who is pressing for banning gun shows ever actually GONE to one? Don't worry, you're not gonna get shot, they usually have police around.  Oh, and don't just make assumption about things being sold, go up and ask people.  How can you just blindly go along with something you read on the internet without actually going and see for yourself?
0.7% of criminals obtain their guns from gun shows according to this study. The biggest source for obtaining guns is friends and family members.  http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/pub/press/fuopr.htm
Hmmm. Then what is the purpose of stopping gun shows? Not a very good way of stopping firearms from getting into the hands of criminals, but a good way of stopping honest citizens from making legal transactions.
What can I say? Is the VPC more accurate than the FBI?
Oh, and please name a terrorist that purchased a weapon from a gun show, and then used it in a crime.
Originally posted by voiceofreason  Yeah, right. I'm not going to take that statistic seriously. It doesn't agree with the study done by the Violence Policy Center.  And what about all the terrorists that buy guns from gun shows? We can't ignore that.    We need to ban box cutters. We need to ban box cutter shows. We need to prohibit box cutters on school campus. We need to to ban extra efficient assault box cutters because the can open more boxes than regular boxes. We need to register all box cutters. We need to reduce the box cutter supply to prevent box cutters from getting to criminals. Regular people don't need box cutters, they can just use pointy sticks to cut tape on boxes.   Did you notice. They did not use guns. Terrorist in our country used box cutters and fertilizer and U-hauls to kill people.  We need to ban fertilizer and U-hauls.........
Originally posted by voiceofreason  Yeah, right. I'm not going to take that statistic seriously. It doesn't agree with the study done by the Violence Policy Center.    The VPC has a political agenda. The FBI? That is like saying I believe Coke taste better than Pepsi because the Coke commericial says so.
Originally posted by voiceofreason  And what about all the terrorists that buy guns from gun shows? We can't ignore that.     I have to agree with Pie... the last terrorists we witnessed used box cutters. What terrorists are you refering to?
Originally posted by voiceofreason   A study done by the Violence Policy Center showed that lots of terrorists, presidential assassins, white supremacists, and criminals visit gun shows and purchase dangerous weapons.    #1, There haven't exactly been a lot of presidential assassins, or gun weilding terrorists for that matter, for the Violence Policy center to be harping about. Where are these lots of terrorists and presidential assassins hiding at? If the VPC knows and hasn't reported them, then the VPC has committed a felony.   #2 And there is nothing illegal about being a white supremacist. While I despise their ideas, I fully support their right to have them.  Originally posted by voiceofreason  Yeah, right. I'm not going to take that statistic seriously. It doesn't agree with the study done by the Violence Policy Center.   I think a more appropriate position to take on the matter is to look upon the VPC's statistic as the one to not take seriously. You do realize that the statistic you are not taking seriously comse directly from the Department of Justice. They have no reason to lie, and no political agenda to push. The VPC on the other hand has its position of strict gun control at stake.
 I am even prohibited by law from performing a background check. Not if you have permission to do one from the buyer. If I sold a firearm, and didn't know the person so well, I would do one. I have contacts in businesses who can do them for me for free. Its just a smart thing to do. Should it be the law? No way. But I would do it. Better safe than sorry in this instance.
Why should regular people, simply looking to sell off a few pieces of their collection, be forced to abide by business regulations instituted for organized companies that're about making a profit?
Why should regular people, simply looking to sell off a few pieces of their collection, be forced to abide by business regulations instituted for organized companies that're about making a profit? Well, my point is that they (I, you, or any collector) shouldn't be forced but rather, that it is a smart thing to do in order to make sure you are not selling a firearm to a felon (which could land you in prison).
Private citizens carrying out background checks on private citizens is a bad idea. You very well could be opening up the doors to abuse by the ATF against regular people. We all know how the ATF will revoke a license if there's a single comma out of place, just imagine what they'd do to Joe Average if the purchaser failed to check one of the 26 boxes of Form 4473.
Private citizens carrying out background checks on private citizens is a bad idea. You very well could be opening up the doors to abuse by the ATF against regular people. We all know how the ATF will revoke a license if there's a single comma out of place, just imagine what they'd do to Joe Average if the purchaser failed to check one of the 26 boxes of Form 4473. But private citizens run background checks on other citizens all the time. I rent property. I make sure my tenants aren't felons before I lease anything. I worked in fraud prevention for 5 years. They ran a background check on me to make sure I wasn't a fraudster. It isn't the law, its just a smart thing to do. There wouldn't be any forms or anything even indicating why you are running their background. You just run an SSN and instantly find out if you can legally sell them a weapon. Again, this isn't something I believe should be law. The law is clear: it is a felony to sell a firearm to a convicted felon. It is just something I personally would choose to do if I didn't know the buyer I was selling to...
Well there's a difference between running a background check on a renter, and running a check on somebody that's looking to buy your old duck gun. And if the insisted background check on the latter involves filling out federal forms, there's a lot of chaos that can be involved by common paperwork errors.  If you don't do a background check on a potential renter properly in a way that'll guarantee 100% accuracy and that all paperwork is 100% ship shape, can the feds penalize you?
Let me first make an observation and then a suggestion that I think would deal with the valid concerns about selling weapons at gun shows without back ground checks. First of all, I have been to shows and was impressed by how many types, numbers of guns, and varieties of guns these sellers had for sale in their respective booths. I also know that for the cost of renting the space for a booth at these shows, a guy with only 5 guns to sell will never pay for the space to sell them there. So the sellers at these shows are more than just private sellers, that is somewhat of a legal loophole to make that claim. They truly appeared to me to be much more than just private sellers.   With that said, and considering the day and age we find ourselves in with terrorism, I would suggest 2 classes of private type sellers out there. One would be guys like me who might want to sell one or two guns every few years or whenever he does. For him, because he's unable to affectively do a background check, all that's required is that he do the necessary paperwork to make sure that the registration for the weapon he's selling is properly and legally transfered from himself to the buyer who supplied to valid forms of ID with a photo attached.   As for the gun show sellers, they can only qualify to rent a booth if they have a license to collect and sell weapons, and must be hooked up to the ATF criminal check system so IDs can be checked on the spot so back ground checks can be done with no inconvenience to the seller or the buyer. If that isn't possible, then the local police station should make a phone bank available to do criminal checks as the sellers call in with a predetermined code verifying who they are. The buyers SS#, License# and DOB should be all that's needed to confirm identity which the seller will compare to the pictured ID the buyer provides.  Prior to 9/11/01 I would have been staunchly against everything I'm saying here and would have argued for deregulation and no government intervention at all. But times have changed and so must our willingness to allow minimum scrutiny so as to prevent real criminals or non citizens from being allowed to purchase weapons.
A recent study by the FBI found that out of a random sampling of various criminals booked on firearms charges, only ONE of the polled individuals had procured a gun from a gun show.
A recent study by the FBI found that out of a random sampling of various criminals booked on firearms charges, only ONE of the polled individuals had procured a gun from a gun show.  Maybe so, but a random sampling is far from a statistical fact of any kind. And remember, I am against any government intervention that makes it more difficult for law abiding people to own as many weapons as they choose to own. But I do feel we must be not only more responsible today, but vigilant in our desire to make sure that criminals, illegal aliens and terrorists are not able to procure weapons through legal channels. Especially since we already know they can procure them through so many illegal channels already. What I posted above was the type of regulations that I could live with even though I'm sure that criminals would find a way to usurp them as they do most every safeguard that's adopted.
Well there's a difference between running a background check on a renter, and running a check on somebody that's looking to buy your old duck gun.  There is no difference. A criminal background check it a criminal background check.    And if the insisted background check on the latter involves filling out federal forms, there's a lot of chaos that can be involved by common paperwork errors. No paperwork. Just a background check to make sure the buyer is not a felon. The FEDS aren't involved in any way shape or form.   If you don't do a background check on a potential renter properly in a way that'll guarantee 100% accuracy and that all paperwork is 100% ship shape, can the feds penalize you?  No. All you are doing is making sure your buyer isn't a felon. You aren't even disclosing why you are doing the check. People do it all the time for a variety of reasons.
The firearms industry should not be except from faulty workmanship, material, and unsafe design. If their products injure people for those reasons then they should be sued.  But if someone uses a firearm to intentionally injure someone and the weapon performs according to it's specifications, then sueing the manufacture is crazy. Another example of out of control law suits.
It is easy to understand the logic behind the bill. It remains ridiculous to find the manufacturer liable for the acts committed by those who might purchase their products. Suing the gun manufacturer for a defective product, when the product performs as designed is absurd. This is simply another attempt to minimize the personal responsibility of the American population. Creating a society, where all responsibility rest in the government, will undoubtedly reduce those rights and personal freedoms we enjoy. By creating a predator/prey system that only the government can combat, as gun ownership becomes impossible, more and more police services will be needed. As the problem persists, it is easy to justify a police state, in order to care for a population whose right to self defense has been infringed.  Yes, the agenda is quite clear. Let me put it into perspective. Let me compare past results, with the possible future of a nation that risks being disarmed. Let me ask an important question and have you evaluate which ideal state seems safer.  Which system would you rather have; a system where the public is armed, and gun deaths occur in a random fashion, at a low percentage of the population, or a system where the police and military are the only sector of the population allowed access to weaponry? In the latter system, the police and military usually merged into one entity. Other civil rights enjoyed by the population can be effectively reduced, since no forcible opposition is able to exist. Finally, gun violence occurs at an alarming rate, as mass graves are filled with those who represent potential opposition to a corrupt regime. History provides ample evidence for all the characteristics of a system that finds itself disarmed.  I know that the prospect for peace and tranquillity remains a tempting offer by those who vocalize an anti-gun stance, but I ask you this. Do the premises match the conclusion? Will the elimination of your rights to own guns, or the gun manufacturer's rights to produce guns, make you safer in any way? The answer is no. Criminals will continue to break the laws by using previously existing guns. As a law-abiding citizen you will not have the right to self-defense. Therefore, murder and mayhem will reign. Military and police can then form a strong public interest to advance the powers that they hold. A bloody coupe could succeed in replacing the last remnants of democracy in America. Finally, those who resist such an illegitimate act could be rounded up and shot, without any viable resistance.  Ask yourself; do you support the constitution, or are you an enemy of its design? Only those who hate the outline of America's political system would condone such a ridiculous attack on the gun industry. Those who tell you that the second amendment was designed so hunters could hunt, not for the purpose of providing a final system of checks and balances to impeded the natural flow of government towards tyranny. These people are the same liberals who defend our enemies. These are the same people who march in opposition to the war in Iraq. Their purposes are becoming more and more obvious, as they align themselves with our true enemies. They are the fifth column, and represent a domestic threat to the U.S. political system. Do you really want to advance their cause by supporting just one of their harebrained ideas?
Originally posted by Stormin Norman   Will the elimination of your rights to own guns, or the gun manufacturer's rights to produce guns, make you safer in any way?    Stopping the manufacture of firearms would be a very difficult problem. In Afganistan AK-47 are being produced with tooling no more advanced than the production of horseshoes.
A little town just outside the Afgan border, can't remember the name, is known world wide as an arms manufacturing center. In small one and two man shops very skilled gunsmiths can build any firearm you want from any time period with tools no more advanced than a hammer and file. No power tools, no milling machines, sometimes not even a roof over their head.  The barrel would be the most difficult thing to make. If decent rifled barrels can be made, then making the rest of the AK-47 would be easy. The AK-47 was purposely designed to have sloppy tolerances for easy manufacture.  Perfect example that when guns are wanted, determined people will get them.
I do not think they should be immune from them but I believe that in the cases where they are sued and win that the plantiff should have to cover any cost incountered by the defendant becuase of the lawsuit in other words LOSER PAYS. This would stop alot of wreckless lawsuits by making them expensive if you loose, so that you would not feel to good about filing one if it was not sure to win. The BATF does not suggest that gun manufactures try to find out what dealers are selling them illeagly as this would interfere with and possibly obstruct the investigation launched by the BATF or other Gov't agencies. So what are the manufacturers supposed to do? I say that if you sue them becuase they made a product and a criminal used against you or you were stupid and shot yourself then you (or the criminal) are the only ones responcible.
Anti-gunners lost again:  http://www.cnsnews.com/ViewNation.asp?Page=\Nation\archive\200303\NAT20030307g.html
Voiceofreason:  Did you know that the 9th Circuit Court which upheld the assault rifle ban is also the most overturned court in the history of the nation? There is a good chance the assault rifle ban will not last in California.
For someone calling themselves "voice of reason", you certainly show an astounding lack of that ability.
Voice of Reason, perhaps you should think for a moment. Who should be held responcible for crimes, criminals or innocent people. Should the manufacturer of a get away vehicle also be sued if a bank is robbed, what about the manufacturer of their clothes and the shoe company that made their shoes. This assigning responciblity to others who had no part in the crime is very stupid indeed. If you sell your car legally and I get into an accident with the person you sold it to should I also sue you for selling it to that person of course not, now do you see how stupid it is to hold a manufacturer responcible for the actions of consumers.
Originally posted by ghettocracka  where did you hear the ak47 thing? sounds like they are eazy to make    http://www.jang.com.pk/thenews/aug2002-daily/21-08-2002/main/main11.htm  Really they are made my very dedicated and skilled smiths. The technology they use is very simple. The quality and quantity is amazing for what they have to rely on to produce the weapons.
Boy did we get way off track here from lawsuits to Iraqi gun culture.  From what I have seen in the news, interviews with refugees from Iraq, it is the opposite, only the hardline supporters of Sadam have any weapons and being caught with one means almost certian death. I will research the topic futher though.
I'm all for procecuting gun manufacturers when their products fail. If I buy a gun for self defence I don't want it to malfunction when I need it most. When I point a gun at an attacker I want to be worrying about how many shots it will take before he drops, not about if the gun will work or not.
The bill would also protect gun manufacturers and dealers that have allowed their weapons to fall into the hands of criminals through their own negligence. Really? I don't think you know what you are talking about. Please provide evidence to back your claim. Thanks.
Gun manufacturers shouldn't be forced to deal with lawsuits that consist of somebody shooting themselves in the foot because they didn't know the gun was loaded, or a city trying to sue them because criminals use their products.  Anybody who supports the mentality of suing the manufacturer of products that're illegally used in crime must obviously support suing people like Toyoata and Mitsubishi when they're used in high speed police chases.
Well, they ARE ultimately the ones that create a vehicle that can travel at break neck speed...perhaps they are partially liable?  Joke. emoticon_smile
If somebody gives me that damned "That's different, guns are meant for killing but cars are made for traveling" argument, I'm gonna send them to the demolition durby.
What's a durby?  A misspelling of what was meant.  Anybody who thinks that cars shouldn't be legislated because they aren't designed "specifically for killing" needs to have a front row seat at a few demolition derbies and see the carnage that a person with a car can do. Made for transport perhaps, but very deadly if used for such.
the Law does not protect gun manufactures from knowingly aiding criminals. the way the left attacked the Tobacco Industry when they could not win with the law is by using frivolous and nonsense law suits to slowly make growing and  selling tobacco not worth it. Son in other words if you can end gun ownership by  politicians turn to the liberal lawyers who hate gun owners and the 2nd amendment.
Now! Someone try to tell me that something good has come out of gun control! HA, That's what I thought!!!:p
Broker SHUT THE **** UP! you dont know XXXX about XXXX.
you stated the same XXXXXXXX that has been stated 20,000 times before. I say if you like those countries gun-control laws so much then get the **** out of my country.
I think a good point that can be made from hetero-male's post is that exessive gun control is a trademark of oppressive regimes.
Broker, in the past, Americans have had MUCH easier access to firearms, and yet we have, on the whole, suffered significantly fewer casualties. I do not believe your "safer" argument is legitimate. Let me ask you this question: Would criminals listen to your anti-gun legislation? Criminals are, after all, your target group here.
How do you proposed to "cut the gun supply"? By making it illegal for citizens to own firearms?
Broker, I really thought you would be opposed to gun control. How do you think Hitler started off? Slowly by making minor changes here and there, he took total control! Then made it seem okay to do what he was doing. Like I have said a few times before: We illegalized, drugs. Who has the drugs? If we have gun control, the same people will end up having guns. I'm not a criminal, and I live in an area where it is illegal to own a gun. I know people who live in this area who own guns, and even though it is a good neighborhood, there is still a chance of someone breaking into my house. He or she may have a gun, but if they see me standing there with a gun that I own LEGALLY, they will think, "if she shoots me, she won't be in any trouble, and she if fearing for her life so if I don't run right now, she may shoot", and they will probrobly run.
First of all Canadians have lots of guns. Second of all the U.K. confiscated almost all firearms and from 1997(when they banned guns) to 2001 firearms offences have gone up 47%. How does gun control make us safer? Facts say gun control only works for criminals  go to this site and download and read the report on page 60 www.crimereduction.gov.uk/statistics21.htm  this site is also posted on the "motives for guncontrol through history" thread
How strict exactly is Canada's gun control? If you read the report robberry counted for 54%, violence against the person 34% ect. How exactly is that religous tension?
What does Canada prove then? Not a thing. Their strict gun control OR their high weapons possession ratio could be responsible for the low crime rate.   JFriday... I think Broker was speaking of the UK when he mentioned "religious tension."
How about we loosen drug laws so dealers don't make so much damn money and drugs are a less lucrative business so there won't be so much damn gun violence due to drugs!
I was talking about the UK. It said that 54% of their gun crimes were robbery how is that related to religous tension?  Crim- where has that worked before?
Where has it been tried? The 'War on Drugs' is a joke and only causes drug problems to grow. As a lot of gun violence is linked to drugs, reducing drug problems could reduce gun violence.
Originally posted by Broker  If you cut the gun supply and make it harder to get guns criminals will have less access.    Criminals get guns from strawman purchases. When someone with no criminal record legaly buy a gun to sell to a "friend" with a criminal record.  They people who sell criminals guns do not just do it once, they do it again and again. Some of the guns used in Colombine were obtained this way. The seller knowingly sold them to minors and got less that 6 months in jail.  Many times these people are not even prosecuted, will still have clean records, and will continue to buy and sell guns to "friends".  If your serious about stopping availibility of guns to criminals, then these people should go into the slammer for a long long long time.  http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/guns/procon/guns.html
If the legal and justice system was serious about stopping firearm crimes, then "strawmen" men should be put away for a long time.  The laws already exist manking this act illegal.. They are not being enforced. The punishments far to lax.  It is possible to drastically reduce the criminal supply of firearms without passing new laws or restricting the freedoms of God fearing law abiding citizens.
Broker aren't you supporting gun control, just like the people supported Hitler's gun control laws? Gun Control was the beginning.
The criminals are going to get guns whether or not they're legal. The question is whether or not you want to be able to have a gun to protect yourself.
you know the funny thing about comparing America to other countries, this is America. A XXXXXXn democracy, ran by the people, for the people. in our constitution which is the law of the land it say it is our god given right to own guns and nobody can take that away. this is not Canada or the UK, which i believe are a Monarchy, people are told where to XXXX and how to whipe their XXX. so how can you compare the two?
I have to agree with Tim about the Nazis... according to guncite.com (see Tim's link), Germany's gun control laws were instituted to control the private militias, for instance, the Nazi party's Brownshirts. Guns actually wouldn't have stopped Hitler, the people were thouroughly deceieved. Just read the stories about how German youth fought our fighting men. Not pretty.   I also have to agree with Maynard to a degree. America is fundamentally different from other nations, and while there are helpful examples for both sides (Canada and Switzerland) I believe it boils down to what has historically worked for us.
Canada also had a lower crime rate before they started their licensing program. I have seen no stats saying that it has lowered crime at all.
Even if stats proved that Canada's gun laws lowered crime, what works for Canada isn't necessarily going to work for us.
Very good point wjim but I want to drain the water from the Canada argument and leave it dry. If no statistics saying that Canada's strict gun laws lowered crime then the argument is dry and useless. So far I have found statistics that say gun control results in a rise in crime. No one has disputed this with statistics.   FACT: Gun control raises crime. or do you have proof saying the opposite  If not then the argument saying gun control would lower crime is invalid. Agreed?
Concur.
Its amazing how fast the Gun Control crowd vacates the scene after the water is let out of their argument. I dont blame them, if they looked at the stats from the U.K. I would avoid these threads also.  I also have more on the Canadian gun registry.  On Dec. 3 2002 Auditor General Sheila Fraser realeased this: "This (the gun registry) is certainly the largest overrun we've ever seen in this office."  Introduced in 95 it had a promised net cost of $2 million (Canadian) now it is going to cost over a billion according to the Auditor General.  And to speed the registry up, the audit found that those in charge of the registry have not even been doing background checks on alot of the people.   If yall want more ask I got more on this just dont feel like putting it all down, I feel as though I am beating a dead horse.
Very good point wjim but I want to drain the water from the Canada argument and leave it dry. If no statistics saying that Canada's strict gun laws lowered crime then the argument is dry and useless. So far I have found statistics that say gun control results in a rise in crime. No one has disputed this with statistics.   FACT: Gun control raises crime. or do you have proof saying the opposite  If not then the argument saying gun control would lower crime is invalid. Agreed?  The Brady Bill does not lower crime:  http://jama.ama-assn.org/cgi/content/abstract/284/5/585  A little dated, 1997, but also note that both Cook and Ludwig were both anti-gunners.  "Brady Law Proponents: Ludwig, Cook, JAMA   Among Lott's harshest critics have been anti-self-defense academics Professors Jens Ludwig and Philip J. Cook. In a study funded by the anti-self-defense Joyce Foundation and published in the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) they set out to debunk Lott's findings regarding the Brady law. There was just one problem: they couldn't. "  http://rpc.senate.gov/~rpc/releases/1999/gc083100.htm
As for myself, I have serious concerns about research done by Lott.  [/url]  So do Ludwig and Cook. One problem, they really could not find anything wrong with it. They only "THINK" someting is wrong with it. There maybe something wrong with it, but "thinking someting is wrong" and actually being wrong are two different things.  Bellesiles is most definately a liar and there is no debate or confusion about it.
[QUOTE=voiceofreason]Bellesiles claimed his data was destroyed in a flood. Lott claimed his data was destroyed in a computer crash. Some people have been calling John Lott "the Bellesiles of the Right." Read this article "The Bellesiles of the Right? Another firearms scholar whose dog ate his data." http://slate.msn.com/id/2078084/  [QUOTE]  Interesting, if you want to call someone a liar, you call them a Bellesiles. Lot still has his job.
"the Second Amendment guarantees no right to keep and bear a firearm that does not have 'some reasonable relationship to [445 U.S. 55, 66] the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia'" -Lewis v. United States (US Supreme Court 1980) - VOR   Lewis vs. United States:  It is about a felon who wants to carry a gun. The decision clearly says felons can not own firearms.  "In 1961, petitioner George Calvin Lewis, Jr., upon his plea of guilty, was convicted in a Florida state court of a felony [445 U.S. 55, 57] for breaking and entering with intent to commit a misdemeanor. See Fla. Stat. 810.05 (1961). He served a term of imprisonment. That conviction has never been overturned, nor has petitioner ever received a qualifying pardon or permission from the Secretary of the Treasury to possess a firearm. See 18 U.S.C. App. 1203 (2) and 18 U.S.C. 925 (c).   In January 1977, Lewis, on probable cause, was arrested in Virginia, and later was charged by indictment with having knowingly received and possessed at that time a specified firearm, in violation of 18 U.S.C. App. 1202 (a) (1). [...]"   http://www.agh-attorneys.com/4_lewis_v_US.htm
"the Second Amendment guarantees no right to keep and bear a firearm that does not have 'some reasonable relationship to [445 U.S. 55, 66] the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia'" -Lewis v. United States (US Supreme Court 1980) - VOR   Lewis vs. United States:  It is about a felon who wants to carry a gun. The decision clearly says felons can not own firearms.  "In 1961, petitioner George Calvin Lewis, Jr., upon his plea of guilty, was convicted in a Florida state court of a felony [445 U.S. 55, 57] for breaking and entering with intent to commit a misdemeanor. See Fla. Stat. 810.05 (1961). He served a term of imprisonment. That conviction has never been overturned, nor has petitioner ever received a qualifying pardon or permission from the Secretary of the Treasury to possess a firearm. See 18 U.S.C. App. 1203 (2) and 18 U.S.C. 925 (c).   In January 1977, Lewis, on probable cause, was arrested in Virginia, and later was charged by indictment with having knowingly received and possessed at that time a specified firearm, in violation of 18 U.S.C. App. 1202 (a) (1). [...]"   http://www.agh-attorneys.com/4_lewis_v_US.htm    Keep Going:  "F. Myth #6: The Second Amendment militia is the National Guard.   The Founding Fathers made it clear that the Militia was composed of the populace at large. Both the Congress and Supreme Court have affirmed this definition of the Militia.   1. Founding Fathers  * George Mason: "I ask, who are the militia? They consist now of the whole people, except a few public officers."145   * Virginia Constitution, Art. I, Sec. 13 (1776): "That a well-regulated militia, composed of the body of the people, trained to arms, is the proper, natural, and safe defense of a free State; that standing armies, in time of peace, should be avoided, as dangerous to liberty...."   * Richard Henry Lee: "To preserve liberty, it is essential that the whole body of the people always possess arms, and be taught alike, especially when young, how to use them .... The mind that aims at a select militia [like the National Guard], must be influenced by a truly anti-republican principle."146   2. U.S. Congress   * The Militia Act of 1792. One year after the Second Amendment was added to the Constitution, Congress passed a law defining the militia. The Militia Act of 1792 declared that all free male citizens between the ages of 18 and 44 were to be members of the militia. Furthermore, every citizen was to be armed. The Act stated:   "Every citizen... [shall] provide himself with a good musket, or firelock, a sufficient bayonet and belt, two spare flints...."147  The Militia Act of 1792 made no provision for any type of select militia such as the National Guard.   * U.S. Senate Subcommittee Report (1982). "In the Militia Act of 1792, the second Congress defined 'militia of the United States' to include almost every free adult male in the United States. These persons were obligated by law to possess a [military-style] firearm and a minimum supply of ammunition and military equipment.... There can be little doubt from this that when the Congress and the people spoke of the a 'militia,' they had reference to the traditional concept of the entire populace capable of bearing arms, and not to any formal group such as what is today called the National Guard."148   * Current Federal Law: 10 U.S.C. Sec. 311. "The militia of the United States consists of all able-bodied males at least 17 years of age and... under 45 years of age who are, or who have made a declaration of intention to become, citizens of the United States...."149   3. Supreme Court: U.S. v. Miller (1939). In this case, the Court stated that, "The Militia comprised all males physically capable of acting in concert for the common defense... [and that] when called for service, these men were expected to appear bearing arms supplied by themselves and of the kind in common use at the time."150 "   emoticon_xkill  emoticon_xkill  emoticon_xkill   "The Right of the People"
I would agree that the militia consists of the average citizen, however, what of the organizational ideas behind the right to bear arms? These quotes imply that the people are to have some kind of training and be organized. Comments, anyone?  * Virginia Constitution, Art. I, Sec. 13 (1776): "That a well-regulated militia, composed of the body of the people, trained to arms, is the proper, natural, and safe defense of a free State; that standing armies, in time of peace, should be avoided, as dangerous to liberty...."    "trained to arms"  * Richard Henry Lee: "To preserve liberty, it is essential that the whole body of the people always possess arms, and be taught alike, especially when young, how to use them .... The mind that aims at a select militia [like the National Guard], must be influenced by a truly anti-republican principle."146    "and be taught alike"  "A well-regulated Militia being necessary to the security of a free State...   "well-regulated"
I would agree that the militia consists of the average citizen, however, what of the organizational ideas behind the right to bear arms? These quotes imply that the people are to have some kind of training and be organized. Comments, anyone?       You pulled out "and be taught alike"  Read it again   "* Richard Henry Lee: "To preserve liberty, it is essential that the whole body of the people always possess arms, and be taught alike, especially when young, how to use them .... The mind that aims at a select militia [like the National Guard], must be influenced by a truly anti-republican principle."146 "   There is no question about it. A question may be raised to the effect that perhaps he was trying to find a way to train the PEOPLE on use of thier firearms but not at all about whether the people should own them.   "* Virginia Constitution, Art. I, Sec. 13 (1776): "That a well-regulated militia, composed of the body of the people, trained to arms, is the proper, natural, and safe defense of a free State; that standing armies, in time of peace, should be avoided, as dangerous to liberty...."   Here you pulled out "trained to arms"  The whole point of the 2 small portions you pulled out had to do with training men of arms in military tactics and drills and addressed that specific issue. Not on the right of the people to keep and bear arms.    ""A well-regulated Militia being necessary to the security of a free State..." the right of the ---< PEOPLE <---- to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.   How do you figure the "people" in the second amendment (that you seem to be arguing for a standing army) are different from the "people" in the other amendments such as the first, fourth, and fifth?  Further more the militia act of 1792 as posted above states "Every citizen... [shall] provide himself with a good musket, or firelock, a sufficient bayonet and belt, two spare flints...."147  The Militia Act of 1792 made no provision for any type of select militia such as the National Guard. "   emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill  emoticon_xkill
Rev, I didn't say anything against the right to bear arms. I just wanted opinions on the training/organizational aspect mentioned in a lot of these quotes.  The whole point of the 2 small portions you pulled out had to do with training men of arms in military tactics and drills and addressed that specific issue. Not on the right of the people to keep and bear arms.    Yeah, no kidding.
Rev, I didn't say anything against the right to bear arms. I just wanted opinions on the training/organizational aspect mentioned in a lot of these quotes.      Ah ok... I got you now :). The training organizational levels from what I have studied were community/family based. Individual freedoms that certain Americans treasure to this day do not absolve themselves from community duties and responsibilities in a free society. The training of military drills and how to load that musket had to be accomplished in some form of uniformity and I believe that this one of the intents of "well regulated"
Folks back on thread. The consequences of gun control? Is democracy gets trashed:  "My name is Walter Olson. I am a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute, with which I have been associated since 1985, and am the author of three books on the American civil justice system. My most recent book, The Rule of Lawyers (St. Martin&#8217;s, 2003), published in January, includes a chapter exploring the origins and objectives of the movement seeking to make makers and distributors of guns pay for criminals&#8217; misuse of their wares.[1] I conclude that the gun suits are at best an assault on sound tenets of individual responsibility, and at worst a serious abuse of legal process. Even more ominously, the suits demonstrate how a pressure group can employ litigation to attempt an end run around democracy, in search of victories in court that it has been unable to obtain at the ballot box."  http://www.manhattan-institute.org/html/testimony_olson_4-2-03.htm
What is the consequence of gun control?   Anti-gunners forget that the United States is the FIRST government to be established based on laws and the rights of common men. Before that you had kings control and own everything; the people, the property, everything. Anti-gunners forget that.  Two years of freedom, before that, thousands of years of kings! More people have lived under tyranny of kings than have lived free. The Constitution was designed with hard learned lessons of thousands of years of living under kings. Anti-gunners forget that. They are giving away or taking away hard won freedoms. In the case of lawyers, they are giving it away for MONEY!  "Even more ominously, the suits demonstrate how a pressure group can employ litigation to attempt an end run around democracy [...]"  Anti-gunners are trying to trash democracy, bottom line.  My $.02
Kelvin,   I agree with everything you have said here except 1. We are a representative REPUBLIC that utilizes democratic principals. Pure democracy is a tyranny of the majority. Benjamin Franklin said it best:  "Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch.   Liberty is a well-armed lamb contesting the vote!"   This is the final check and balance in our system. This is the authority behind our individual liberty that the founding fathers intended.
Well, read the law carefully. It clearly distinguishes between the organized militia and the unorganized militia. http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/scripts/ts_search.pl?title=10&sec=311  As the courts have interpreted it, the second amendment refers to a well regulated militia which is the organized militia.    So we don't have to keep clicking over to it:  Section 311. Militia: composition and classes   (a) The militia of the United States consists of all able-bodied males at least 17 years of age and, except as provided in section 313 of title 32, under 45 years of age who are, or who have made a declaration of intention to become, citizens of the United States and of female citizens of the United States who are members of the National Guard. (b) The classes of the militia are - (1) the organized militia, which consists of the National Guard and the Naval Militia; and (2) the unorganized militia, which consists of the members of the militia who are not members of the National Guard or the Naval Militia.   Simple short answer for now. Time is not on my side today. "who are members of the National Guard." brings up several questions 1. There was no national guard when the 2nd amendment was written so how is this constitutional? 2. What is the law's definition of the "National Guard" is this state "National Guard" or federal? If read as I think your point is you must then consider that when this "who are members of the National Guard." was added, it was added contrary to our founding fathers ideas and goals. Read Jefferson, Washington, Franklin, and so on... Read my quotes above from Lee. What exactly then does the right of the people mean then? If we can not take the second part literally then how can we take the first part literally? And so the slope gets slippery, If the people in the second ammendment are not the PEOPLE but Government agents, how are the People in the 1st, 4th, 5th and so on anything else than "government agents". Contrary to belief the Constitution is not a living document to be interpreted by the sway of public opinion. further in a "free society" it is The right of the people meaning that the right itself has always existed. These rights are not there to be granted or taken away by the Government. Natural rights or rights granted by thier creator.    Plus as the law is written it is sexist:  149 Title 10 of the U.S. Code (Sec. 311) also defines the Militia to include "female citizens of the United States who are members of the National Guard." The Code then divides the Militia into two groups -- the "unorganized" militia (the body of the people) and the "organized" militia (the National Guard). This two-fold division of the Militia was not added to federal law until 1903.    See:  The militia of the United States consists of all able-bodied males at least 17 years of age, except as provided in section 313 of title 32, under 45 years of age who are, or who have made a declaration of intention to become, citizens of the United States and of female citizens of the United States who are members of the National Guard.   So you may be correct when it applies to women which further makes this law unconsitutional.... Wouldn't you agree?    ___________________  I would like to thank the people of this board for a very enjoyable experience. I have been to many boards where all civility breaks down on regular basis. I would expecially like to thank those opposite of my views for thier consise logic in presenting thier arguments (while wrong ;) ) and for thier willingness to intelligently discuss these issues with those who disagree. I am honored to have joined such a board of Gentlemen and Women and look foward to our future discussions.   Reverend Hellh0und
This Rev. Hellhound is good, I like this guy.
does this mean we don't have to let women get their hands on firearms?
does this mean we don't have to let women get their hands on firearms?   Actually to be specific because US Code Title 10 Section 311 violates both the 2nd and 14th amendments of the Constitution it is null and void.    "All laws which are repugnant to the Constitution are null and void."  Marbury vs. Madison 5 US (2 Cranch) 137, 174, 176 (1803)    Specifically VoR:  In regards to your signature line: ""In 1939, the Supreme Court held that the federal statute prohibiting possession of a sawed-off shotgun was constitutional... Since then, the lower federal courts have uniformly held that the Second Amendment preserves a collective, rather than individual, right...." Love v. Pepersack, 47 F.3d 120 (4th Cir. 1995) "   are you citing the 4th ciruit court and or the US Supreme Court? This Fourth Circuit Court decision is a recent--and typical--example of the lower federal courts' unconstitutional interpretation of the Second Amendment.  Another argument is that a "sawed off shotgun" had no military purpose and therefore could not aid a "well-regulated" (Read capable) militia. Meaning it was not good enough for defense.  The Supreme Court in U.S. v. Miller (83 L. Ed. 1207 (1939)) upheld the regulation of shotguns having a barrel of less than 18 inches in length on the basis that the court had no notice that such a weapon "was part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense."   I find this appropriate:   "When any court violates the clean and unambiguous language of the  Constitution, a fraud is perpetrated and no one is bound to obey it." -- (See  16 Ma. Jur. 2d 177, 178) State v. Sutton, 63 Minn. 147, 65 NW 262, 30 L.R.A.  630 Am. St. 459.    Now I am not suggesting one do anything to jeopardize thier liberty but it is a good insight into how our rights are being hijacked today by the ONLY unelected branch of our government.   More on the militia and the term "Well Regulated"..  From The Oxford English Dictionary during the times of the writing of the 2nd amendment:  1709: "If a liberal Education has formed in us well-regulated Appetites and worthy Inclinations."  1714: "The practice of all well-regulated courts of justice in the world."  1812: "The equation of time ... is the adjustment of the difference of time as shown by a well-regulated clock and a true sun dial."  1848: "A remissness for which I am sure every well-regulated person will blame the Mayor."  1862: "It appeared to her well-regulated mind, like a clandestine proceeding."  1894: "The newspaper, a never wanting adjunct to every well-regulated American embryo city."  The phrase "well-regulated" was in common use long before 1789, and remained so for a century thereafter. It referred to the property of something being in proper working order. Something that was well-regulated was calibrated correctly, functioning as expected. Establishing government oversight of the people's arms was not the intent in using the phrase in the 2nd amendment, it was precisely the opposite to render the government powerless to do so.    AND  The Supreme Court in U.S. v. Verdugo-Urquidez (108 L. Ed. 2d 222 (1990)), specifically the bottom of the left column on page 226, indicated that "the term 'the people,' as used in the Constitution's First, Second, Fourth, Ninth, and Tenth Amendments, refers to a class of persons who are part of a national community or who have otherwise developed sufficient connection with the United States to be considered part of that community".
Well, read the law carefully. It clearly distinguishes between the organized militia and the unorganized militia. http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/scripts/ts_search.pl?title=10&sec=311  As the courts have interpreted it, the second amendment refers to a well regulated militia which is the organized militia.   "Wilbur Hale appeals his conviction of thirteen counts of possession of a machine gun pursuant to 18 U.S.C.A. ?922(o) (West Supp. 1992) and three counts of possession of unregistered firearms pursuant to 26 U.S.C. ?5861(d) (1988). He argues....that the indictment violates his Second Amendment right to bear arms....we cannot conclude that the Second Amendment protects the individual possession of military weapons....The rule emerging from Miller is that, absent a showing that the possession of a certain weapon has 'some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well-regulated militia,' the Second Amendment does not guarantee the right to possess the weapon. Miller, 307 U.S. at 178, 59 S.Ct. at 818... 'Technical' membership in a state militia (e.g., membership in an 'unorganized' state militia) or membership in a non-governmental military organization is not sufficient to satisfy the 'reasonable relationship' test. Oakes, 564 F.2d at 387. Membership in a hypothetical or 'sedentary' militia is likewise insufficient. See Warin, 530 F.2d 103...."  U.S. v. Hale, 978 F.2d 1016 (8th Cir. 1992) http://www.healylaw.com/cases/hale.htm   So being part of the unorganized militia is not enough to qualify as being part of the well-regulated militia that is referred to in the second amendment.  First things first. What about Love? and your signature? and her gun? Sorry for starting to keep pressing this.
Oh and before the question of Love, what about Lewis? Should he have a firearm or not?
Who's Love? I must have missed that. Well, Lewis shouldn't have a firearm. He was a felon. Most of the case did not deal with the second amendment. But in the footnote #8, the court, quoting from an earlier Supreme Court decision, adds that there is no right to bear arms outside the context of a well-regulated militia. http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/scripts/getcase.pl?navby=search&court=US&case=/us/445/55.html#f8     Whats a "well regulated" militia?  I repeat:  More on the militia and the term "Well Regulated"..  From The Oxford English Dictionary during the times of the writing of the 2nd amendment:  1709: "If a liberal Education has formed in us well-regulated Appetites and worthy Inclinations."  1714: "The practice of all well-regulated courts of justice in the world."  1812: "The equation of time ... is the adjustment of the difference of time as shown by a well-regulated clock and a true sun dial."  1848: "A remissness for which I am sure every well-regulated person will blame the Mayor."  1862: "It appeared to her well-regulated mind, like a clandestine proceeding."  1894: "The newspaper, a never wanting adjunct to every well-regulated American embryo city."  The phrase "well-regulated" was in common use long before 1789, and remained so for a century thereafter. It referred to the property of something being in proper working order. Something that was well-regulated was calibrated correctly, functioning as expected. Establishing government oversight of the people's arms was not the intent in using the phrase in the 2nd amendment, it was precisely the opposite to render the government powerless to do so.    AND  The Supreme Court in U.S. v. Verdugo-Urquidez (108 L. Ed. 2d 222 (1990)), specifically the bottom of the left column on page 226, indicated that "the term 'the people,' as used in the Constitution's First, Second, Fourth, Ninth, and Tenth Amendments, refers to a class of persons who are part of a national community or who have otherwise developed sufficient connection with the United States to be considered part of that community".    Well Regulated as defined by the UNCONSTITUTIONAL code:  Section 311. Militia: composition and classes   (a) The militia of the United States consists of all able-bodied males at least 17 years of age and, except as provided in section 313 of title 32, under 45 years of age who are, or who have made a declaration of intention to become, citizens of the United States and of female citizens of the United States who are members of the National Guard. (b) The classes of the militia are - (1) the organized militia, which consists of the National Guard and the Naval Militia; and (2) the unorganized militia, which consists of the members of the militia who are not members of the National Guard or the Naval Militia.    Part a: states that only WOMEN must be members of the National Guard. Which violates the 14th amendment.  b. Talks about organized and unorganized, not "well regulated"   I am still curious how the people in the 2nd amendment are different then those in the other amendments?    The earlier Supreme Court decision was US v. Miller. In this case the Supreme Court ruled that you only have a right to own a gun if the gun "has some reasonable relationship to the preservation or  efficiency of a well regulated militia"  http://gunmyths.tripod.com/secondamendment.html  The obvious bias of your revisionist history link not withstanding lets look at this again:  AGAIN are you citing the 4th ciruit court and or the US Supreme Court? This Fourth Circuit Court decision is a recent--and typical--example of the lower federal courts' unconstitutional interpretation of the Second Amendment.  Another argument is that a "sawed off shotgun" had no military purpose and therefore could not aid a "well-regulated" (Read capable) militia. Meaning it was not good enough for defense.  The Supreme Court in U.S. v. Miller (83 L. Ed. 1207 (1939)) upheld the regulation of shotguns having a barrel of less than 18 inches in length on the basis that the court had no notice that such a weapon "was part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense."   ALSO IMPORTANT  The court said: "In the absence of any evidence tending to show that possession or use of a 'shotgun having a barrel of less than eighteen inches in length' at this time has some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia, we cannot say that the Second Amendment guarantees the right to keep and bear such an instrument."   Notice the shotgun is an instrument and not an arm further suggesting that this sawed-off was not a piece of military hardware and therefore could be regulated indicating that has it been an AK-47 this court would have had NO choice but come to a different ruling. (all this according to them.)
Who's Love? [/url]  Who is Love? You must be joking.  Love v. Pepersack  In your signature.
  If you go to footnote 1, you see the crime that she was convicted for. "She paid a fine upon conviction in Florida of participating in an obscene show."  That was a misdemeanor, not a felony. The law is very clear. Only felony convictions take away your 2nd Amendment rights.   You obviously do not understand your own signature.
Why do you say that? I understand my own signature. I tried to make it very clear that it was just a misdemeanor so that you couldn't say that the court is just saying that felons can't have guns. The court did not recognize an individual right to own a gun in this case.  No. No. No. Love got her gun and she got to keep it. The state kept the right to deny permits to felons. The state kept the right to deny permits when there are open warrents for arrest.   The first case gave her the handgun. The appeal was about the right of the state to deny permits to people with an open arrest record. There were 3 charges against Love. One guilty plea to a misdemanor. Two open charges that were never cleared up. When she had a letter from the arresting Sherif stating that the open charges are OK and the guilty plea was a misdemanor, the state still denied the permit. The appeal decided that the state was OK to deny the permit due to the confusion and clerical error, but once it was properly cleared up, no one took her handgun way.  As I have said again, you do not understand your own signature.
I never said otherwise. I fail to see your point. Having a gun does not mean she had an individual and constitutional right to have it. You can own a car, but that does not mean that there is a constitutional and individual right to own a car. The federal appeals court specifically rejected her claim that she had "an individual federal constitutional right to 'keep and bear' a handgun"   VoR,   I will be much shorter this time as it seems I may be being ignored.    Your statment above is absurd! Yes SHE HAS AN ABSOLUTE CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHT ITS CALLED THE SECOND AMENDMENT! You have yet to define the difference between the "people" of the second amendment and the "people" of the other amendments.       I refer you to:  The Supreme Court and the Second Amendment  "The Supreme Court therefore views the words "the people" in the Second Amendment to have the same meaning as in the First, Fourth, Ninth, and Tenth Amendments.  If "the people" really meant the right of states to maintain a militia, then we would be left with the absurd notion that only the states have the right to peaceably assemble, only the states have the right to be secure in their persons and property, etc. The Supreme Court's position is indisputable: the Second Amendment protects the individual right to bear arms. Also instructive is the Report of the Subcommittee on the Constitution of the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, 97th Congress, Second Session (February 1982):"    And most recently:  May, 6 2003 Silveira v. Lockyer    "SIX judges dissented -- and ALL OF THEM did so based on their correct interpretation of the Second Amendment as an INDIVIDUAL RIGHT!! This is the liberal 9th Circuit Court. Furthermore, one of the dissenting judges (Kleinfeld) offered an elaborate, detailed analysis of the Second Amendment that contains six sections, 114 footnotes and leaves virtually no stone unturned -- in defense of the Truth about the right of the people to keep and bear arms!!"      Your argument regarding the "people"?   Care to comment?
"The NRA completely distorts the Supreme Court's ruling in U.S. v. Verdugo-Urquidez, 110 S.Ct. 1056 (1990). The Verdugo case was not a Second Amendment case at all; it was a Fourth Amendment 'search and seizure' case.... In the course of its opinion, the Supreme Court commented that the phrase 'the people' as used in various parts of the Bill of Rights, including the Second Amendment, '...refers to a class of persons who are part of a national community....' According to the NRA, this means that the right to bear arms is not restricted to the state militia. But the issue of whether the right to bear arms is granted to 'the people' only in connection with militia service is not even addressed in the Verdugo-Urquidez decision. At most, the decision implies that the Second Amendment right extends only to U.S. citizens; it does not address the precise scope of the right granted. In no way does the Court's ruling contradict the idea that the right of the people to bear arms is exercised only through membership in a 'well regulated Militia.' "  "'...refers to a class of persons who are part of a national community....' "   Which are all American citizens....  Furhter we can look at the militia code for more insight: Which is defined by  "Section 311. Militia: composition and classes   (a) The militia of the United States consists of all able-bodied males at least 17 years of age and, except as provided in section 313 of title 32, under 45 years of age who are, or who have made a declaration of intention to become, citizens of the United States... (the rest pertains to women.  The other parts refer to "organized and unorganized" not regulated and well-regulated.   There is no "Government" militia requirment for individual firearms ownership.  "'well regulated Militia.'"   As I posted before. To use"well regulated" in modern context is misleading and an incorrect assumption.  Issaiah 16:11 for examples states: "wherefore my bowls shall sound like an harp..." Does this mean that the d00ds got a pretty sounding fart or when that version of the Bible was written words had different connotations. (This is only a time language comparision not anything religeous).  Well regulated as meant during the time it was written: (again 3rd time)  Whats a "well regulated" militia?  I repeat:  More on the militia and the term "Well Regulated"..  From The Oxford English Dictionary during the times of the writing of the 2nd amendment:  1709: "If a liberal Education has formed in us well-regulated Appetites and worthy Inclinations."  1714: "The practice of all well-regulated courts of justice in the world."  1812: "The equation of time ... is the adjustment of the difference of time as shown by a well-regulated clock and a true sun dial."  1848: "A remissness for which I am sure every well-regulated person will blame the Mayor."  1862: "It appeared to her well-regulated mind, like a clandestine proceeding."  1894: "The newspaper, a never wanting adjunct to every well-regulated American embryo city."  The phrase "well-regulated" was in common use long before 1789, and remained so for a century thereafter. It referred to the property of something being in proper working order. Something that was well-regulated was calibrated correctly, functioning as expected. Establishing government oversight of the people's arms was not the intent in using the phrase in the 2nd amendment, it was precisely the opposite to render the government powerless to do so.     "The real purpose of the Second Amendment was to ensure that the 'state armies' - 'the militia' - would be maintained for the defense of the state. In order to do that it was necessary to grant each citizen the right to maintain arms."    totally contradictory to the founding fathers written words, the constitutional vocabulary, and section 311 of the (unconstitutional title code)   Of the 6 dissenting judges not all agreed that the second amendment protects an absolute right. For example, Judge Pregerson said, "I agree with the panel's decision to uphold California's Assault Weapons Control Act. But I part from the panel's second amendment analysis. The right to keep and bear arms is in no way absolute; it is subject to reasonable restrictions....However, the panel misses the mark by interpreting the Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms as a collective right, rather than as an individual right."  http://KeepAndBearArms.com/silveira/EnBancOrder.pdf    This furthers my postition. This judge said that it was "subject to "reasonable" restrictions. (I disagree) but futhermore he states that the second amendment is an INDIVIDUAL right. Read it again:  "However, the panel misses the mark by interpreting the Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms as a collective right, rather than as an individual right."     I am still curious on how you come to the conclusion that the "people" of the second amendment are different from the "people" of the other amendments, and how well regulated means government agents when clearly in the 1790s it meant know such thing.
I never said otherwise. I fail to see your point. Having a gun does not mean she had an individual and constitutional right to have it. You can own a car, but that does not mean that there is a constitutional and individual right to own a car. .  Your point is moot and irrelavant. You have a Constitutional right to purchase a car for sale. Transactions and propterty owernship is protected under the Constitution. You do not have a Constitutional right to drive. There is no such thing as a right to drive. Driving is an activity that is licensed, regulated, and can be denied. Rights can not be denied, regulated, or licensed.
"You don't need a legislative majority to file a lawsuit," proclaims Elisa Barnes, the chief plaintiffs lawyer behind a private federal suit against gun makers" -  http://www.manhattan-institute.org/html/_wsj-plaintiffs_lawyers_take_a.htm  Slimy anti-gun lawyers know that can not Amend the Constitution by democratic vote? So they get thier way with lawsuits. This sets a very dangerous situtation for democracy. If you have enough money and a good lawyer, you can by-pass democracy.  BTW Walter K. Olson, is not writing a term paper or is he a slacker hiding from the world. Nor is the link a pro-gun website.  Walter K. Olson:  Senior Fellow, Manhattan Institute House Judiciary Committee Subcommittee on Commercial and Administrative Law
May, 6 2003 Silveira v. Lockyer?  Silveira v. Lockyer, will be the nail in the coffin for anti-gunners. The court has already publicly announced thier stance on the right to bear arms.
Your point is moot and irrelevant. Again were talking about what the second amendment protects. Anyway, vehicles are registered. Unconstitutional?   Yeah the court ruled it was not an individual right. What if the Supreme Court doesn't agree to hear the case? Then no nail in no coffin. Don't count your eggs before they're hatched.  Yes you are right there is no nail. If the court hears the case, it can ony go one way. You know it.
Your point is moot and irrelevant. Again were talking about what the second amendment protects. Anyway, vehicles are registered. Unconstitutional?   Yeah the court ruled it was not an individual right. What if the Supreme Court doesn't agree to hear the case? Then no nail in no coffin. Don't count your eggs before they're hatched.  Vehicles are registered, AFTER you buy them, and the government has never said NO to a buyer or can not say NO to a buyer.
How does section 311 support you? It excludes most of the adult female population and much of the adult male population. Does the word "people" in the first and fourth amendments only refer to males between the ages of 17 and 44?     Several points here. This code that I have seen you reference on numerous occasions clearly violates the "equal protection" clause of the 14th amendment. However the requirment to become part of the militia is that you are an American citizen thats all. it says nothing about enlisting in the governments army. My argument is that "The right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed". I use this "311" to show you that although you somehow believe that the government needed a constitutional amendment to arm itself and that it refers to itself as the "people" the fact is the so called "militia" as defined in the section 311 applies to most everyday citizens who are not part of government forces.      Certain about that. For example. "Rather, the claimant of Second Amendment protection must prove that his or her possession of the weapon was reasonably related to a well regulated militia.... 'Technical' membership in a state militia (e.g., membership in an 'unorganized' state militia) or membership in a non-governmental military organization is not sufficient to satisfy the 'reasonable relationship' test." (US v. Hale) http://www.healylaw.com/cases/hale.htm   Again you are ignoring the language by using modern definitions of a term that had a completley different meaning. Well regulated for political reasons today apparently means National guard?!? Whilst the true term as I mentioned before: Well regulated referred to the property of something being in proper working order. Furthermore "several federal appeals courts have disagreed with youl" also.    Also read Article 1 Section 8 of the Constitution. It talks about how the militia can be regulated by the government. "The Congress shall have power to....provide for calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the union, suppress insurrections and repel invasions; To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the militia, and for governing such part of them as may be employed in the service of the United States, reserving to the states respectively, the appointment of the officers, and the authority of training the militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress;" http://www.law.cornell.edu/constitution/constitution.articlei.html#section8   Again by using the term "regulated" you are attempting to mask the true meaning of "well-regulated". This section of the constitution must be taken in context of the times. We had no standing army. This section talks about calling forth the "militia" which were every male between the ages of 17 and 44. The second amendment does not discriminate, the title code and the culture of the times did/does.   With respect to Second Amendment rights, New Hampshire recommended a provision that "Congress shall never disarm any Citizen unless such as are or have been in Actual Rebellion." The Virginia, North Carolina, Rhode Island and New York letters are almost identical to each other on this subject.     I read the word "people" in the context of the rest of the second amendment. The first part of the second amendment tells us that the purpose of the second amendment is to ensure the security of a free state by maintaining a militia. "A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state..." The word "being" implies that the idea is not complete as in the following sentence- "The door being locked..." So you have to read the 2nd amendment as a whole. The second part of the second amendment is not separate from the first part.  "The distortion of the intent of the framers of the Bill of Rights by the gun lobby is glaring, as they focus their argument on the last half of the amendment, while ignoring the first half, on which it was based".--Former Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren E. Burger (1991)   Look at the way it was origonally written:  "A well regulated Militia being necessary to the security of a free  State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms shall not be  infringed."  With only a comma the sentence takes on its true meaning as was intended. The right of the people to keep and bear arms by itself is what a well regulated militia is.   The term "bear arms" was most often used to refer to military service in founding era documents. It is evident from James Madison's first draft of the second amendment what the this term meant- "The right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed; a well armed and well regulated militia being the best security of a free country: but no person religiously scrupulous of bearing arms shall be compelled to render military service in person." So what do you end up with? The right of the people to keep and bear arms in a state militia.     Here is where your argument loses all steam.   Your argument is contradictory:  All the arms, munitions, armament and equipment of the National Guard is owned and controlled by the federal government, not by "the people" as clearly stipulated in the Second Amendment.    So you see there is no way that you can have a Government national guard and call them "the people". They are "the government". "The right of the people" not "the right of the state", nor "the right of the National guard", nor "the right of the federal government". not even "the right of the militia" it is "The right of the people"    And finally. You like to mention Madison, here is another quote you may find interesting.  "The highest number to which a standing army can be carried in any country does not exceed one hundredth part of the souls, or one twenty-fifth part of the number able to bear arms. This portion would not yield, in the United States, an army of more than twenty-five or thirty thousand men. To these would be opposed a militia amounting to near half a million citizens with arms in their hands, officered by men chosen from among themselves, fighting for their common liberties and united and conducted by governments possessing their affections and confidence. It may well be doubted whether a militia thus circumstanced could ever be conquered by such a proportion of regular troops. Besides the advantage of being armed, it forms a barrier against the enterprises of ambition, more insurmountable than any which a simple government of any form can admit of. The governments of Europe are afraid to trust the people with arms. If they did, the people would surely shake off the yoke of tyranny, as America did. Let us not insult the free and gallant citizens of America with the suspicion that they would be less able to defend the rights of which they would be in actual possession than the debased subjects of arbitrary power would be to rescue theirs from the hands of their oppressors."  -- James Madison,
Not according to section 311 which you keep bringing up.    Brought up because you used it for your basis of a military requirment to own firearms. And yes according to sec. 311  "The militia of the United States consists of all able-bodied males at least 17 years of age and, except as provided in section 313 of title 32, under 45 years of age who are, or who have made a declaration of intention to become, citizens of the United States... "  It then goes on to describe organized and unorganized. not "well regulated" and "not so well regulated".  Its unconstantutionalality aside it clearly defines the people as the militia.      Which federals appeals courts have disagreed with me?   U.S. v. Verdugo-Urquidez (1990). "'The people' seems to have been a term of art employed in select parts of the Constitution.... [and] it suggests that 'the people' protected by the Fourth Amendment, and by the First and Second Amendments, and to whom rights and powers are reserved in the Ninth and Tenth Amendments, refers to a class of persons who are part of a national community or who have otherwise developed sufficient connection with this country to be considered part of that community."   * U.S. v. Lopez (1995). The Court struck down a federal law which prevented the possessing of firearms within 1,000 feet of a school. The Court argued that the Commerce Clause of the Constitution in no way grants Congress the authority to enact such gun control legislation.   * Printz v. U.S. (1997). The Supreme Court ruled the federal government could not force state authorities to conduct so-called Brady background checks on gun buyers.   * U.S. v. Miller (1939). In this case, the Court stated that, "The Militia comprised all males physically capable of acting in concert for the common defense... [and that] when called for service, these men were expected to appear bearing arms supplied by themselves and of the kind in common use at the time."150     U.S. Senate Subcommittee Report (1982) :  * Courts have used the Second Amendment to strike down gun control: Nunn v. State and in re Brickey are just two examples where the Courts have struck down gun control laws using the Second Amendment.141   * An individual right protected: "The conclusion is thus inescapable that the history, concept, and wording of the second amendment to the Constitution of the United States, as well as its interpretation by every major commentator and court in the first half-century after its ratification, indicates that what is protected is an individual right of a private citizen to own and carry firearms in a peaceful manner."142     US Congress:  Fourteenth Amendment (1868): * The framers of the 14th Amendment intended to protect an individual's Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms by striking down state laws that denied this right. As stated by a Senate subcommittee in 1982, "[During] the debates over the Fourteenth Amendment, Congress frequently referred to the Second Amendment as one of the rights which it intended to guarantee against state action."143    Firearm Owners' Protection Act (1986):  * The 1986 Law affirms individual right to keep and bear arms: "The Congress finds that the right of citizens to keep and bear arms under the second amendment to the United States Constitution... require[s] additional legislation to correct existing firearms statutes and enforcement policies."144 [Emphasis added.]   Firearm Owners' Protection Act (1986):  * The 1986 Law affirms individual right to keep and bear arms: "The Congress finds that the right of citizens to keep and bear arms under the second amendment to the United States Constitution...  require[s] additional legislation to correct existing firearms statutes and enforcement policies."144 [Emphasis added.]     What are you saying? So this part of the constitution only applied 200 years ago?    No it is precisley what I am NOT saying. Because at the time we had no standing army and the militia were the people. The constitution put in the authority for the government to call to arms the people of the united states (the militia) for national defense. which furthers the argument for individual firearms ownership.    Using circular logic. If you first assume that the people= a well regulated militia then you could reach that conclusion.    Circular logic?!?!? Your being a little dismissive wouldn't you agree. Please help me understand how you come to this circular logic argument? I suppose the founding fathers were using circular logic then.  * George Mason: "I ask, who are the militia? They consist now of the whole people, except a few public officers."145   * Virginia Constitution, Art. I, Sec. 13 (1776): "That a well-regulated militia, composed of the body of the people, trained to arms, is the proper, natural, and safe defense of a free State; that standing armies, in time of peace, should be avoided, as dangerous to liberty...."   * Richard Henry Lee: "To preserve liberty, it is essential that the whole body of the people always possess arms, and be taught alike, especially when young, how to use them .... The mind that aims at a select militia [like the National Guard], must be influenced by a truly anti-republican principle."146    "A well regulated Militia being necessary to the security of a free  State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms shall not be  infringed."   It's not contradictory if you think of it as a collective right.   Which is contradictory to EVERYTHING our found fathers intended.    No one could have answered the question  "WHAT IS THE MILITIA" more beautifully, than Hamilton when  he wrote in the Federalist Papers under No. 28:  "The militia is a voluntary force not associated or  under the control of the States except when  called out; [when called into actual service] a  permanent or long standing force would  be entirely different in make-up and call."  Hamilton further stated in the Federalist Papers under No. 69:  "The President, and government, will only control  the militia when a part of them is in the actual  service of the federal government, else, they are  independent and not under the command of the  president or the government. The states would  control the militia, only when called out into the  service of the state, and then the governor would  be commander in chief where enumerated  in the respective state constitution."
Well, if it's unconstitutional why are you using it to support your arguments? Just seems to be contradictory to me.    Just as an example... It is unconstitutional because of the second and 14th amendment implications, even though it was an attempt to limit freedoms and rights guaranteed by the constitution it failed as it stands now.   The question was which courts have addressed disagreed with me about the meaning of "well regulated" in the second amendment. This was the topic that we were discussing when I asked this question. Printz v. U.S. was not even second amendment case. The Brady Bill was ruled unconstitutional on the basis of the tenth amendment in that case. So what well-regulated meant is not addressed. Then you also quote U.S. v. Verdugo-Urquidez which says that the second amendment applies to American citizens but doesn't tell us whether it applies to them individually or collectively. The conclusion you're trying to draw from it is quite a stretch. The whole issue was whether the fourth amendment applied to non-Americans.    The case for individual rights applies equally to all of the Bill of Rights, and the Constitution. You can not isolate the standard for "people" in one amendment that contradicts the "people" in the other amendments. There is NO evidence that the Framers of the Constitution would ever consider the "people" as government agents.   The U.S. v. Verdugo-Urquidez case discussed the meaning of "the people" in the Fourth Amendment and consequently, found "the people" to have the same meaning in the First, Second, Fourth, Ninth and Tenth Amendments. Many pro liberty groups cite this case as resolving "any doubt that the Second Amendment guarantees an individual right"      Again all the arms, munitions, armament and equipment of the National Guard is owned and controlled by the federal government, not by "the people" as clearly stipulated in the Second Amendment. There is no possible way that they would have put the term "The Right of the People" if they meant the government     An argument that the courts have rejected.  "It is difficult to understand how appellants can assert that Presser supports the theory that the second amendment right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right which the state cannot regulate when the Presser decision plainly states that '[t]he Second Amendment declares that it shall not be infringed, but this . . . means no more than that it shall not be infringed by Congress. This is one of the amendments that has no other effect than to restrict the powers of the National government . . . ' Presser v. Illinois, 116 U.S. 252, 265, 6 S.Ct. 580, 584, 29 L.Ed. 615 (1886). As the district court explained in detail, appellants' claim that Presser supports the proposition that the second amendment guarantee of the right to keep and bear arms is not subject to state restriction is based on dicta quoted out of context. Quilici v. Village of Morton Grove, 5:32 F.Supp. at 1181-82. This argument borders on the frivolous and does not warrant any further consideration." (QUILICI vs. VILLAGE OF MORTON GROVE) http://www.law.umkc.edu/faculty/projects/ftrials/conlaw/quilici.html   Presser v. Illinois, 1886 "this case involving a man's right to assemble a group of armed men without the state's permission, the court ruled that the right to keep and bear arms existed, independently of the Second Amendment, and that the states could not infringe upon this right."   "This is one of the amendments that has no other effect than to restrict the powers of the national government, leaving the people to look for their protection against any violation by their fellow-citizens of the rights it recognizes ....."  "It is undoubtedly true that all citizens capable of bearing arms constitute the reserved military force or reserve militia of the United States as well as of the states, and, in view of this prerogative of the general government, as well as of its general powers, the states cannot, even laying the constitutional provision in question out of view, prohibit the people from keeping and bearing arms,  so as to deprive the United States of their rightful resource for maintaining the public security, and disable the people from performing their duty to the general government. But, as already stated, we think [116 U.S. 252, 266] it clear that the sections under consideration do not have this effect"   So what is your stance then? Are you arguing that the states can make restrictive gun laws in violation of the second amendment? or are you saying that the second amendment applies to national guard types? You have a lot of unique views on cases but I am confused to your fundamental position on the Bill of Rights.      But I wasn't addressing the question of what the militia is. I was pointing out that the militia can be regulated by the government according to Article 1 of the constitution.    This is how it is. The mititias are as George Mason said "the whole people, except a few public officers" Which means as Richard Henry Lee said "To preserve liberty, it is essential that the whole body of the people always possess arms, and be taught alike,(i.e. "Well Regulated") especially when young, how to use them .... The mind that aims at a select militia [like the National Guard], must be influenced by a truly anti-republican principle."   The constitution has authorized the government to organize the existing citizenry who are the militias who should possess personal MILITARY style arms for defense of the nation. These citizens should be (because they possess and train with military style arms) are already "well - regulated" This provision was not to establish a national guard but to give the Government command and control infrastructure to call for, organize and lead the citizen militias in defense of the country. Not "regulate" as you say as in telling private citizens what arms they can and can not have.
People also have to register to vote. Unconstitutional?  You register to vote is Constitutional. You can not be denied a vote when you register. Registration is to make sure you only get one vote and not more than one.
 A lot of your arguments would be right if they were made 200 years ago, but this is the 21st Century. The meaning of the word militia has changed. It once referred to a citizen militia. Now it's the National Guard. The Supreme Court explained it this way:  "The National Guard is the modern Militia reserved to the States by Art. I. 8, cl. 15, 16, of the Constitution....From the days of the Minutemen of Lexington and Concord until just before World War I, the various militias embodied the concept of a citizen army, but lacked the equipment and training necessary for their use as an integral part of the reserve force of the United States Armed Forces. The passage of the National Defense Act of 1916 materially altered the status of the militias by constituting them as the National Guard." (Maryland v. United States) http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/scripts/getcase.pl?navby=search&court=US&case=/us/381/41.html   The Supreme Court is not always right. This unelected branch of government get "stacked" by Presidents to fit to a particular agenda. This quote above is flawed in that if this is the militia in the 2nd amendment then the people are the government agents. To say that the meaning of the word militia has changed and therefore we must ban guns and make criminals out of 650 million Americans.. The National Defense Act of 1916 while establishing a National Guard did not abolish a peoples right to keep and bear arms. It is truly an absurd notion that "The right of the people to keep and bear arms has nothing to do with the people."  Congress has the power...  To raise and support Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be for a longer Term than two Years;  The National Guard was raised under Congress's authority to raise standing armies. The National Guard was intended to be sent abroad, while the Militia can't be sent abroad. Standing armies are not the Militia. Congress can dismiss standing armies. If Congress does not appropriate a budget every two years, standing armies are automatically dismissed. Standing armies are not protected by the Second Amendment.   Further: Ninth AMendment: The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people.   people have more rights than listed in the the Bill of Rights, This is the Ninth. Just because a right was not written in the Constitution, this does not mean the federal government can ignore it.  The People of the United States inherited an individual right to bear arms from the British. Many citizens have individual rights to bear arms from their various state Constitutions. Just because if you hang upside down and squint sideways, you can read the wording of the Second Amendment as protecting no one from anything, this does not void other places the Right to keep and bear Arms were guaranteed.    Your 200 year reference is scary... Lets say the government now thinks certain political speech should be banned.... Screw the constitution its 200 years old... Oh wait Campaign finance reform.... I guess those people in the first are government agents too....
Rev. Hellhound:  It is obvious to me that the fundamental difference between anti-gunners and pro-gunners is trust.  They trust the government. Do not mind being controled by it. Are willing to trade liberty.  The Constitution is full of mistrust for the government. Everything about it is about not trusting government. Checks and balances, states rights, the enumeration and protection of rights, and the specific calling out pro-hibited government activity. Almost the whole Constitution deals with what a government is pho-hibited to do. Almost none of it deals with what citizens are pro-hibited to do. As a matter of fact I can not even think of one line item that calls out specific behavior that is prohibited.   That is another fundamental flaw with gun control, it deals with what citizens are pro-hibited to do. It specifically calls it out, "you will not have a gun." Only once before was a Constitutional amendment passed that pro-hibited citizens. It was called pro-habition. It was repealled and was a total failure.
Copying and pasting large amounts of materials from pro-gun websites and not giving proper credit is plagiarism. http://www.impactsites2000.com/site3/news/news87.htm  What is your point? That is not an argument. You have proven nothing or convinced no one.  Thanks for the plagiarism warning. I do not think anyone here ever thought that the cut and past was claimed or assumed to be orginal work.
So what? I wasn't trying to make an argument against or for gun-control. I think that's obvious.   What anyone thought doesn't matter, it's still plagiarism.     Whatever VoR, You know damn well I put the sources for these long ago and would be happy to do it again. Because your arguments are weak and your motives questionable you resort to ancillary attacks on things not related to the debate at hand. You are an enemy of liberty and a socialist totalitarian.    Please Mr. Socialist enemy of freedom if you are ever succsessful in banning all guns don't be a coward and send someone elses son to come get mine.... Do it your self. Come and get them, Stand by your convictions.... I let you have them 1 round at a time! emoticon_xkill   MOLON LABE!
I don't know that. Please back up your claims. Where did you cite your source?    I don't have to but I will give you a clue. My first few posts where you were debating Kelvins statistics and I posted the response from GOA and provided a link. I provided that link several times an will do it again. Gun Owners of America. The proof is in my previous posts which are public domain for you to freely research. I put down authors of stuff I use when I have them and when I don't I usually put somthing like portions borrowed or something of the like. Simply because you ignore the facts I present and I REPEAT them and leave out the footnotes does not mean I "CLAIM IT AS MY OWN".    plagiarism  n 1: a piece of writing that has been copied from someone else and is presented as being your own work 2: the act of plagiarizing; taking someone's words or ideas as if they were your own.   Unsubstantiated.     I support gun-control because I think it will lead to greater freedom- greater freedom to live and greater freedom from gun violence. Please show respect for my point of view and don't attack me personally.    This Statment is total newspeak... You support "greater freedom" by RESTRICTING LAW ABIDING PEOPLE OF THIER G-D GIVEN RIGHTS!. Gun control has nothing to do with guns it has to do with control. Control of the sheeple. Cars and ciggarettes kill more people than guns... Hell big macs kill more people than guns. Will you be banning those items to, oh Ceasar? This country was founded on liberty not government oversight into every aspect of our lives. We, NOT the government are responsible for our lives.    Finally you make an unsubstantiated charge against me but you demand that I "respect your views" and not attack you personally. This is a little one sided elitist position, wouldn't you agree? Please if you find this discourse a little unsettling may I suggest that you make sure that your stone is "well-regulated" before you cast it?
 Newspeak? I think that the way the NRA uses the word freedom is more newspeak. On what basis do you say it is a god-given right? People can choose to stop smoking and stop eating unhealthy foods. If someone blows your brains out with a gun, there's not much you can do. Handgun Control Inc was founded by 2 victims of gun violence. Sarah Brady's husband received brain damage due to a bullet wound. These are not people who have a fascination with power and control. These are simply people that have experienced the horrors of gun violence and want to make the world a better place.   Not once do the people that started HCI demand that the dangerous criminals like the ones that killed their loved ones be punished. How do these gun haters demand we make America a safer place to live? The gun haters demand that the right to bear arms be banned. Not once has these gun haters demanded that dangerous criminals be placed in prison where they can no longer harm and kill law abiding citizens.   Gun haters are like the dangerous criminals the gun haters want to keep guns away from. Why? Simple, because gun haters like the dangerous criminals have no respect for other peoples rights!  Gun control is about the limiting or banning of the right to bear arms!   All the gun haters want to do is ban the right to bear arms!
Of course gun control is about control but it is also about guns. Claiming that it has nothing to do with guns is false as I'm sure you're aware. Gun control is about the control of guns. How could it not have some interest in guns?   Your missing the point. Law abiding citizens are not using guns to commit acts of violence against his fellow man. Criminals are. The antis want to restrict law abiding citizens of thier liberty to make them "victims" that need the help of the government overlords. once this cycle of dependancy is in place then they feel that they will maintain power. Look at the welfare state and minorities for an example. That is the aim of gun control.   Lets look at the reality of things... How many people dialed 911 for a violent offense against themselves or others by a gun, knife, fist wielding criminal. Taken the amount of time for the police to respond most likley they would be dead... as chuck D once said 911 is a joke. now put FN TPS Shotgun in these victims hands instead of a phone... What do you think the outcome would be... Which one sits better with you?    So if you really want to play the numbers game 911 and the slow response time is a much deadlier weapon against the innocents than guns are... hmm....   Here is an example of how I can see gun control being used to protect people from guns. On a small scale and within my own family we have gun control. My dad owns a gun but keeps it locked away. My brother owns a gun but has to keep it locked in a case when he isn't using it so no one else can get at it. My parents are making him do this for the safety of my younger sister and brother. This is an example of gun control and a small level that focuses on guns more than control. Do you agree that this is true? If so, is it possible that the majority of the people in this country wish to have guns controlled by the government to help protect them? Do you think that gun control on a small (family) or large (country) scale will actually offer protection more than lack of gun control could? I hope you will provide a reasonable response to these questions as I do view you as the most logically thinking pro-gun advocate here and I'd like to learn more about your incites on this issue.    Family level gun control is fine with me. The majority of the people in the US do not favor the government controlling ANY aspect of thier lives that is servitude. Don't believe me? Do me a favor and take this little quiz have your family and friends take it. You may see my point.    Your using cars and cigarettes are good examples of deadly items that can kill. Cigarettes have second hand smoke and cars have accidents and can be used as weapons. However I don't think there is a more feared weapon that an individual can legally purchase and possess than a gun. That is why it is the target of so much criticism. Not to say that we should get rid of it or get rid of gun controls, but you have to admit that it is the leader when it comes to causing fear. Cigarettes and cars don't cause as much fear as a gun can. The reasoning behind this is that guns are often used for violence while cigarettes and cars are not. Guns in the US are especially seen as killing machines since we have more gun deaths than almost any other first world nation. That is why I don't think your example works.   Fear is not an excuse for legislation. The notion that I own a tool that you are phobic to does not mean that I am the one who should have my inalienable rights infringed upon. Education my friend will deliver you from ignorance... learn all about guns. shoot a few thousand rounds at some paper and stuff... ignore the fear mongers on TV... Fear is what enslaves you not my guns...   The government isn't responsible for our lives unless we want them to be. For instance we have a military that will protect our lives and could also cost us our lives if we are drafted into it. The government is in control of this military. Do you think it is right for them to be able to protect and control our lives in this way? I'm pretty sure your answer will be yes since it is necessary for the government to protect our way of life on a large scale. Isn't it also alright for the government to protect our way of life from criminals and terrorists by tracking guns and limiting how powerful weapons can be?   I do not want them to be.. And no the military of today is to protect the federal government 1st and the people second. There have been cases sighted where judges have thrown out lawsuits against police departments who failed to protect an individual because the police (paraphrasing) "do not have a duty to protect the individual". You are the last stand in defense of your life, liberty, etc. If the government could track criminals that would be one thing but they are not. They are tracking law abiding citizens. Criminals who use guns do not go through legal channels to get guns and therefore the government can not track them. Besides if we put viloent criminals behind bars for as long as we should then this would be a much smaller issue.   Crime control not Gun control     Do you think that removing gun control would make life better in the US or make our country better. We may have more freedoms as you would say but we would have more crime, more deaths, and less safety unless you had a gun. Would this make happiness easier to achieve? Would it make our society more successful? What I really want to know is what you think the advantages of widespread gun ownership will actually be. I don't want to hear the negatives about bringing about total gun control because I've heard those arguments already. What is the real and logical advantage to removing all gun control laws on small and large scales?   YES, Yes we would have more freedom but less crime (read book of same title "more guns less crime").  I have brought this out so many times... Here we go again....  Suggested reading Unintended Consequences by John Ross  Individuals are more trustworthy than governments this century alone some 170 million people were killed by thier governments. If you research this you will also see that these people for the most part were disarmed. You say well that would never happen here... Just ask the  Bosnians the same question during the olympics in sarejevo then ask them again today... Also do you know why Hitler did not invade Switzerland? It had nothing to do with Switzerland being neutral no.... It was because EVERY SWISS HOUSHOLD IS (STILL TO THIS DAY) REQUIRED TO HAVE A FULLY AUTOMATIC MACHINE GUN. There crime rate is lower than ours! Now you have been spoonfed the doom and gloom prophecies of the government and media overlords that less gun control would result in more crime. but no where in history is this the case. In fact it is the opposite! Remember when they raised removed the 55mph speed limit? the doom and gloom fedgov and the media predicted massacres on the highways! Montana which does not have speed limits on certain highways was often cited... Well it never materialized... Do you see yet where I am going with this? People are more trustworthy than governments....  MOLON LABE!
It is assumed that when you use someone else's exact words and don't put it in quotes and don't cite a source that you are claiming it as your own work. Atleast that's the standard in the academic world.     Oh Ceasar! Hail Acedamia! will you please get off this. If you are that incapable of distiguishing repitition on sourced materials OR looking for the source of the footnotes then perhaps you should move on to something a little simpler.... If you are doing this just to sound elitist and condenscending because your arguments are lacking at best then perhaps you should retreat as it is not working.  We can continue this or move on its your choice red.....   Newspeak? I think that the way the NRA uses the word freedom is more newspeak. On what basis do you say it is a god-given right? People can choose to stop smoking and stop eating unhealthy foods. If someone blows your brains out with a gun, there's not much you can do. Handgun Control Inc was founded by 2 victims of gun violence. Sarah Brady's husband received brain damage due to a bullet wound. These are not people who have a fascination with power and control. These are simply people that have experienced the horrors of gun violence and want to make the world a better place.   Deflection.... You claim to want to give people more freedom by restricting freedom. You try to reinterperet the 2nd amendment to fit your totalitarian argument. "The right of the people" means that the right existed BEFORE the constitution and that this "right" that existed before the constitution... Right by whom? Our creator? George Washington? Congress? A Jackalope? Whom then granted this right to us?   Exactly how does the NRA use freedom as newspeak? I backed up my claim with a clear example on how you are going to give people freedom by restricting freedom.. You have not... Your "I know you are but what am I tactic" is lacking...  The rest of your argument fails the logic test. Remember that old man who mowed down 40 some people in Kalifornia? I didn't here people (you) cry that we should ban cars.... Your argument is that an emotional response to a personal incident is enough to restrict law abiding citizens thier liberty. Hinckley (that was him right?) was/is a criminal and he is paying the price. I am not and I WILL NOT pay the price of a criminal.  The OK bomber used gasoline and fertilizer.. Should we ban these deadly materials?
"Although it's true that all Swiss males are subject to compulsory military service and every solidier is required to keep their service weapon(s) at home, that does not equate to there being a full-auto weapon in every Swiss home.... 14 per cent of Swiss households have a full-auto weapon in them. (With the 625,000 figure, it is 22 per cent.)"  http://www.guncite.com/swissgun.html   Its amazing at what level the antis will go to hide the truth!   "From the horses mouth"  Special Regulations for Military Firearms, Sporting and Hunting Guns  Due to the long tradition and the special organization of the Swiss armed forces as a militia army, special rules are applicable for army weapons. Between their regular annual service of two or three weeks per year, Swiss soldiers and officers keep their personal weapons at home. After they have left the army, they may keep those arms in order to continue practicing at rifle or pistol ranges managed by local communities. Special rules also govern hunting or sporting rifles.    I didn't put this in quotes but just in case you can not figure it out. I CUT AND PASTED IT FROM THE SWISS SITE LINKED ABOVE!  MOLON LABE!
Yeah, I've seen that website. What's your point? You claimed that every Swiss household has a "A FULLY AUTOMATIC MACHINE GUN". Where on your website does it say that?     You claimed what 14% or 22%?? Are we so out of logical argument that we have to nit pick at these small specifics? My point is outlined in bold above... That they all CAN bring home thier machine guns and KEEP them!    You complain about ad hominen attacks in another thread and now you engage in one here about Jon Lott? Puleeze!
Yeah I accept your claim that those who serve in the military can keep their assault rifles. I have no argument with that. I was just challenging your claim that every Swiss household has an an assault rifle in it. On what basis are you making this claim?   "If you don't mind me saying, I can see your out of Aces"..... Kenny rogers The Gambler   You havent backed up your claim about the NRA. You claimed 14%-22% based on military service and clearly not counting the fact that they CAN take home and keep thier FULLY AUTOMATIC MACHINE GUNS. You haven't explained the Newspeak of how by restricting freedom you are giving freedom. etc. etc. etc... Are you that out of logical argument that you zero in on one specific statment that although may not be exactly accurate due to some ignorance on my part which I since corrected that you feel a need to tack drive this irrelevant point? For what reason?   Bottom line is you want to control me and I don't want to be controlled. That is a problem for you.    MOLON LABE!
 Dropping gun control will make us need them even more for the police force that will be needed to patrol the machine gun gang controlled streets and the terrorists that will take advantage of this opening.   Your a victim of propaganda my friend. Did you know at one time you could by a fully automatic BAR in the sears catalog? this prediction of doom and gloom had not materialized.    I'd rather have the shotgun. But if the 'antis' had there way there would be no shotgun for either person. My look at reality is that if you put a shotgun in everyones hands then the situation of shotgun violence is going to increase. Everyone will need to have a gun to feel safe and that isn't the way it is today. Not everyone needs a gun to be safe since not everyone has a gun. Do you really think it is to everyones advantage that the majority of people have guns, or is it only to your advantage and a few of your friends? In my opinion I don't think most women will be carrying a shotgun around while most men will be doing so. Does that make this a safer country for women?   Victim disamament.... A big 300lbs rapist comes for the woman 911 will get her killed. a strategically place FN TPS 12 guage pistol grip collapsable stock shotgun will save her life! this is a simple concept. Now 200-300 rapists are shot over a span of a year or 2... What do you think the rapists will start to think when they get that itch..... And no no one is going to be carrying shotguns around, private businesses can dictate to its customers thier gun policy.. (like it should be with smoking).. It does not even have to be a majority... If violent criminals had a fear of getting shot they would think twice before commiting thier crimes.     Fear is not an excuse? Why do you think we went into Afghanistan and Iraq? It was because we feared for our future. Fear drives our country and people to do what is necessary to survive in times of crisis. If people view machine guns being on our streets as a time of crisis, then by God I hope they will act on that fear. I know I will.   Your projecting an emotion of an individual to the will of a nation. lets keep it on topic.... people are not going to be running around with machine guns.... this is not logical... Personally I would carry a concealed .45 1911 like a Kimber Ultra Eclipse II and two extra clips. Probably not everywhere but definatley some places... But I would like to have that choice. I as a law abiding citizen should cause you no fear. What you should be afraid of is a government that tells you you can not defend yourself against armed criminals.    If you want people to learn about guns then force people to have 1 year in the military before they can purchase a gun. Then they will have surved our country and learned more about weapons. Plus they will have hopefully learned discipline and honor as well as respect for life. If you don't agree with this, what is your solution to teaching people about guns before they purchase them? I'm positive not everyone who owns a gun knows as much about them as I do. How will you deliver them from ignorance?  It is not for me to deliver anyone from ignorance. It is up to the individual. This is something core to the American value system. Now lets say this idiot you have in mind goes to a kids soccer game and ends up threatening the coach with his pistole because he wont play his lame kid... Well thats menacing, terroristic threats, assault, and on and on... These are all felonies which would then preclude him from keeping his guns under current law.... That is all you need. If this guy ends up shooting someone well he will pay the consequences. Just because I have a gun does not make me want to go out and use it on the first person to XXXX in my cheerios no more than when some tool cuts me off in my car that I want to ram him. This is how people act.   It isn't your guns that enslave us either. I have no problem with you owning a gun as long as it isn't rediculous. I'm thinking more along the lines of a few sniper weapons, a mini gun, and a few assault rifles and body armor. Seeing people walking around the streets like that will make me nervous regardless of how well educated you could make me. I'm for gun control, not the elimination of guns or the unrestricted use of guns. I don't want to see either of those sides prevail because they are both flawed in ways.   What if I told you that a remington 700 the most common hunting rifle there is makes a perfect "sniper weapon" should it be banned? Whats an assault rifle? A steurmgwuer (german, spelling is off) is a term that was coined by hitler which translates into Assault Rifle. A fully automatic weapon. A semi auto ar-15 is no different than that remington 700 except that the remignton is a much more deadly weapon and has much greater range than a fully automatic AK-47 in the right hands.    The military is in place to protect this country. The government is the leader of this country so I guess you could say it is there for their protection first, but it is also for the people.   WRONG WRONG WRONG.. What did you learn in your civics class? WE ARE THE LEADERS OF THIS COUNTRY. THE GOVERNMENT SERVES US! This statment makes me fear for my country. The government are "public servants" no matter what they try and say. Of the people for the people, by the people... Who said that?    We are the last stand to defend our life and liberty but that doesn't mean we need a gun to do it. Guns are more likely to take a persons life and liberty than to allow them to have it IMO. Do you think that the US would have more gun deaths with complete gun control or no gun control? Do you think that people would be more free to feel safe with complete gun control or no gun control? In my view I think that complete gun control helps solve a major problem in crime and it would allow people to feel safer because they wouldn't need to have a gun to protect themselves.   More... Absolutly more... Complete gun control would turn over our lives to criminals and government tyrannts. Look at scotland whos homicide crime rate is 26.3 or something compared to our 5.3.. (look at my previous posts on this I went into great detail). How is that 90lb woman gonna protect herself from the 300lbs rapist? Taebo?    I think you're comparing our government to those who were not that trustworthy to begin with. How many of this 170 million were Americans?   One word.... WACO    I like the Swiss example which is why I'm against complete gun control. That is a good way to protect our nation if people are allowed to have guns. Still it shows the reality of our country. We have more crime than fully armed countries not because we don't have guns. We have guns and we still have crime and lots of gun deaths. It isn't for lack of guns that this is happening.   In addition AMD I came across this.. Read it as it makes my case very well:  [i]Britain, Australia top U.S. in violent crime   Sorry to repeat the link in 3 threads but I felt individually consistant points for 3 seperate individuals.   Again Scotland has no guns and LOTS of homicides 4-5 times what we have... Guns are not the problem.
 I'm against eliminating gun control and I can say that my reasoning isn't to restrict law abiding citizens, it is to protect them as well as our way of life in the US. Besides, gun control at least solves a problem by improving our ability to catch criminals and lower gun deaths. Lack of gun control would do that opposite. Also you claim that the government is making us need them. Dropping gun control will make us need them even more for the police force that will be needed to patrol the machine gun gang controlled streets and the terrorists that will take advantage of this opening.  It isn't your guns that enslave us either. I have no problem with you owning a gun as long as it isn't rediculous. I'm thinking more along the lines of a few sniper weapons, a mini gun, and a few assault rifles and body armor. Seeing people walking around the streets like that will make me nervous regardless of how well educated you could make me. I'm for gun control, not the elimination of guns or the unrestricted use of guns. I don't want to see either of those sides prevail because they are both flawed in ways.  The military is in place to protect this country. The government is the leader of this country so I guess you could say it is there for their protection first, but it is also for the people.    Why would a gun hater want to get rid of gun control, the gun haters want to ban the right to bear arms!  Gun haters that use the line I am not against you having a gun mean just that. The gun haters want to tell you what you can have. It will eventually be no guns allowed if the gun haters get their way! This is just another gun hater lie to push the gun hater agenda of banning the right to bear arms!   The gun haters like to use the line the police and military are here to protect you. Interesting how police have to respond to your home when called. This takes time! Time the criminals uses to kill you!
All the laws in the world won't work, criminals will always be able to get guns. If they can't buy them, smuggle them in or steal them, they will make them. Criminals have even made guns inside maximum security prisons. Follow the link. GUN-MAKING AS A COTTAGE INDUSTRY 
Oh my God. We need to ban brains. It only requires half a brain the be able to build a homemade firearm. Thus people who have a full brain are 2X as dangerous.
It has already begun, this clipping is from a local newspaper. Paper clipping
With no effort and a credit card:  Home Depot: Metal Pipe closed at one end $10  Drill to make hole touch hole in pipe $40  Charcoal from the supper market $4  Sulphur and potasium Nitrate from the internet $20  A clothes pin and rubber band for a lock, $2  In five minutes I have a soothbore musket, priceless.  The Colt 45 Automatic was first developed in 1903. The metal shop in a high school has tools more advanced that the first gun smiths who built the first Colt 45 Automatic in 1903.
"Then why do nations which ban guns have a much lower gun crime rate than the US?"  It is not reasonable to compare different countries of different cultures in this sort of thing. Besides, Swisserland has an assualt rifle in every house, and a bitchin'ly low crime rate.
Originally posted by voiceofreason  That's not true. Only 27.2% of Switzerland's households have guns in them.  http://www.handgunfree.org/HFAMain/research/abroad/comparison.htm    Another example of misinformation from the VOR. Your tabel counts the private ownership of firearms. The assault rifles kept by militia members are not private firearms.  "Special Regulations for Military Firearms, Sporting and Hunting Guns  Due to the long tradition and the special organization of the Swiss armed forces as a militia army, special rules are applicable for army weapons. Between their regular annual service of two or three weeks per year, Swiss soldiers and officers keep their personal weapons at home. After they have left the army, they may keep those arms in order to continue practicing at rifle or pistol ranges managed by local communities. Special rules also govern hunting or sporting rifles."  http://www.eda.admin.ch/washington_emb/e/home/legaff/Fact/gunown.html  This Swiss are armed to the teeth!
Cool. If the United States just gets rid of 1 of every 5 guns, then upgrades the remaining guns to assault rifles we will be like the Swiss.  You have my vote.
Who cares about Switzerland or any other country? We have to do what is best for the US, which is not necessarily what is best for ANY other country. Look at what Bush did for Texas when he legalized concealed carry. Crime rates went DOWN.  I posted this on another thread, but I will post it again: Rent two apartments in the ghetto area of any nearby city. Place a sign on one that says, "This home will never contain a gun." Place a sign on the other that lists three guns that are inside the house. Wait and see which one gets robbed first.
Originally posted by voiceofreason  Hey, I can do math. According http://www.handgunfree.org/HFAMain/research/abroad/comparison.htm 41% of US households have guns in them. According to Lambert at most 23% of households have assault rifles in them in Switzerland.  1/5 of 41% is 8.2%  So if we take away 8.2% from 41% we get 32.8%. Let's turn all the guns into assault rifles. So 32.8% of American homes would have assault rifles- more than 23% of households in Switzerland having assault rifle.   You'd have to take away close to 1/2 of American guns. You certainly have my vote.    Then what good is an assault weapons ban? You just voted to repeal the assault weapons ban.
Originally posted by voiceofreason  That's not true. Only 27.2% of Switzerland's households have guns in them.  http://www.handgunfree.org/HFAMain/research/abroad/comparison.htm     Hey, I can do math. According http://www.handgunfree.org/HFAMain/.../comparison.htm 41% of US households have guns in them. According to Lambert at most 23% of households have assault rifles in them in Switzerland. -VOR  Which one is it? 23% or 27%.
VOR name one case that banning guns has lowered crime. And GO READ THE U.K. REPORT THAT I HAVE POSTED COUNTLESS TIMES!!!
Let's just face it, the availability of guns has nothing to do with the crime rate. You can quote statistics 'til your faces turn blue and the other side will still have a statistic that says the opposite. The reason they have high crime rates in the US is because their culture and media glorifies violence and makes criminals public figures. If you want to be famous in the US the easiest way is to kill a lot of people, you don't even have to use a gun, most serial killers use other methods.  Crime is a cultural problem but politicians don't like solutions that require insight, long-term planning and expert knowledge. Politicians are just interested in what will help them get reelected, quick fixes that look like they help even if they do nothing in the long run.  Making another anti-gun law is like spitting in the faces of the victims of crime, "We could'nt protect you last time but we're gonna make sure you can't protect yourself next time" That's what they are really saying.   If guns become outlawed, then I guess I'd like it better as an outlaw than a victim of stupid politics. And guns, well they are not hard to make at all, there are lots of plans and blueprints available on the internet so that any normal handyman can make a gun in only a few days. In fact I'm making my own blueprints for a 45 calibre submachine gun that will take less than 24 hours to make using only welding equipment and simple handtools you could find in any garage. Even the materials can be found at the local junkyard.  Now tell me, how is gun control going to stop people from making their own? Are they going to outlaw hacksaws, files and drills next?
Dude:  I can not believe it. I can understand a newbie, but YOU? The FBI report on some other thread here clearly states that crime (murder and firearms inclusive) is related to unemployment, poverty, and education.   You don't solve any of those by gun control.
Think of all the lives that gun-control saved in Washington DC.   Think of all the people who were killed or robbed or injured because they didn't have a gun to protect themselves.
Your NEJM article clearly says that the reduction of firearms will reduce firearm sucide and murder. No argument against that. You do not need gun control to reduce firearm sucide and murder.   Sucide is a mental health issue. Gun control fails to address ALL the sucides. You can address ALL the sucides with mental health. Gun control excludes all the people who will kill themselves without firearms. Mental health will help both people who want to kill themselves with firearms and those who do not want to kill themselves with firearms.  This country has a probelm with violence. Address violence and you begin to address all murders with knives, bats, crowbars, bare hands, and guns. Gun control will only solve the problem with murder with guns.  Gun control will do a good job of "helping" people who don't need it, don't want it, and don't care for it.
First of all, I don't trust statistics and the reason is very simple. You can get exactly the answers you want by asking the right question. The questions are multi-choice which is a system that is notoriously easy to bias through the wording of the question and the possible answers.  Example: What do you think would be the most effective way to keep guns out of our schools? A) Impose stricter gun laws. B) Ban all guns. C) Teach small children to handle assualt rifles in a responsible manner. D) Close your eyes and pretend the problem dosn't excist.  Conclusion: 92% of the people questioned thought that imposing stricter gun laws would reduce the number of guns in the schools. 8% favored banning all guns.   Originally posted by voiceofreason  Restrictive licensing of handguns was associated with a prompt decline in homicides and suicides by firearms in the District of Columbia. No such decline was observed for homicides or suicides in which guns were not used, and no decline was seen in adjacent metropolitan areas where restrictive licensing did not apply. Our data suggest that restrictions on access to guns in the District of Columbia prevented an average of 47 deaths each year after the law was implemented.  http://content.nejm.org/cgi/content...act/325/23/1615  Don't you see the deliberatly missleading sentence here? Homicide and suicides without guns did not decline? Okay, were they unchanged or did they increase? I'm only hearing half the truth here and I'm expected to fill in the blanks myself? I think the decline in gun-related deaths was because people killed themselves and others by other methods/weapons. This is typical anti-gun tactics. It's not a blatant lie but it's not the whole truth either.  Voiceofreason, please let me explain some things to you as logic is not your strongest trait. Of course there is a connection between guns and shooting someone, no one is denying that. But there is no cause-effect relationship between guns ownership and murder or any other crime for that matter.  Besides, there is no connection between having a brain and being able to think logically. Poverty, unemployment, lack of education, social injustice and Hollywood-violence-worshipping-movies are the problem, but these are social and cultural problems that are harder to do something with. It costs loads of money to solve these problems.  But gun control is fairly cheap, has good PR value, it dosn't do anything about crime but what the heck, I only have to look like I'm doing something about crime, the only issue I care about is getting reelected. That's politician logic!!
Here is a stat for you, Indianapolis has a murder rate of 9 per 100,000 Your beloved gun free safe Washinton DC has one of 69 per 100,000  Do you have blinders on or something? Can you not see the truth, look at Britian, guncrime is up 47% since 1997 when they banned guns, so where are these amazing stats that prove that guncontrol works, I have never seen any.
OK who are you? I am convinced you are a pro-gun person playing stupid. I think you really Stormin Normin. Come on SN joke is over.  If not did you read your own Washington Times article? Dude you crack me up. All the people inteviewed, WHAT A GUN to protect themselves.
"We're not bad or dangerous people," said plaintiff Tom G. Palmer, who lives in the Dupont Circle neighborhood. "We just want to be able to defend ourselves against an intruder, " -VOR source  "Mr. Palmer, 46, a political-science researcher, said that several years ago he and a friend were chased by a group of some 20 young men at night. The men threatened to kill Mr. Palmer and his friend, telling them that their bodies would not be found. Mr. Palmer said he stymied his assailants by pulling out a 9 mm handgun." -VOR source  Who are you trying to fool?  "Chances are very good that they would accidentally shoot themselves or that the gun would find its way into the hands of a child, which is not what we want." -VOR source  More children die in a bathtub and swiming pool than from accidental discharge. Chances are very low that they would shoot themselves. You source is speaking out of his *ss".  3,300 or 49.3% due to Motor-Vehicle accidents 1,000 or 14.9% due to drowning 660 or 9.9% due to fires, burns and deaths associated with fire 250 or 3.7% due to suffocation by ingested object 240 or 3.6% due to firearms 190 or 2.8% due to falls 100 or 1.5% due to poisoning by solids or liquids 60 or 0.9% due to poisoning by gases or vapor 900 or 13.4% due to all other types  http://www.allegromedia.com/sugi/cablequit.html http://www.cdc.gov/ncipc/duip/duip.htm
And not to forget the depressingly low amount of criminals in D.C. who shoot themselves. How many lives a year do guns save, it was estimated at 2.5 million last I checked. I will go look again.
The capital of our nation has set a good example for the rest of our nation.   Yes, with a crime rate larger than New York City, Chicago, Philadelphia, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Indianapolis, and Las Vegas, they're a wonderful example to follow, aren't they?
Outlawing alcohol didn't keep people from buying or consuming it, and outlawing guns won't keep people from buying or using them either. If I want a gun, I will get a gun regardless of what the law says. Gun control will only take guns out of the hands of law-abiding citizens.
The problem is that neither the statistics or logic supports what you say voiceofreason. You can't prevent criminals from getting guns. Using anti gun logic we should be preventing drunk driving by banning cars.
I was talking about anti gun logic, not normal logic. You can twist it anyway you want but it still won't make sense. Anyway, they tried to ban alcohol, see how much that helped. Banning guns to combat crime is like banning cars to stop drunk driving.
Originally posted by Crim  Wouldn't it be banning alcohol to prevent drunk driving?    It is called pro-hibition. It did not work and was repealed.
quote: -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Originally posted by voiceofreason  They've already banned handguns in some areas of the US and the US crime rate has been going down over the last few years.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  What he fails to tell you that crime has been in decline everywhere with or without new gun control laws. Crime has been in decline for 30 years. Serious gun bans have only been around for 10.
Hey VOR go to the Uniform Crime Statistics report and see where the US stands, we are not even in the top ten any more except for Burglary in which we are number 8, go to www.unicri.it and look for yourself.
I was not comparing guns and alcohol, it is your brand of logic that would make such a comparison possible. There is no proven connection between the number of guns and the amount of crime and no logical reason why there should be any. You twist peoples words like you twist statistics, logic and reason. It must be intentional, cause nobody can be that stupid (or can they?).emoticon_confused  I am using valid arguments while you are just trying to win an argument. If anyone is brainwashed here, it must be you, you're just repeating what you've heard from people who have their own hidden agenda. Grow up and think for yourself, logical reasoning can be really satisfying once you get used to using your own brain.emoticon_xdonno  I see you always use gun crime rates as an argument, are you totally uninterested in other types of violent crimes, what happens when all guns are banned and we only have knife crimes? Are you going to suggest banning knives? Have you really solved any problems when the increase in knife crimes totals the decrease in gun crimes?  As I've said many times before, crime is a cultural problem and can only be solved by changing society. The reason why the US has so much crime is that US society is f :xcensored ked up. Get to grips with the social problems and the crime rate will decrease.  When someone who is honestly mistaken heres the truth, he either ceases to be mistaken or ceases to be honest.
Oh my God, the thick-headedness of a brainwashed zealot is amazing emoticon_xbangheadxbanghead:xbanghead  If Tarzan not win argument, Tarzan just say: "Yeah whatever".emoticon_xdonno  I think I'll just go and talk to a rock.  If you can't back up your statments with logic, then quoting biased research won't make you look any smarter. "Yes master, tell me what I should think".emoticon_xclown
how come the anit-gunners are only concerned with gun crime rate? Why do they not care about the violent crime rate? Yes Washington DC may have lower gun crime, but if I am not mistaken, it is probably one of the most dangerous cities in the USA. My sister-in-law lived there for a while, she loves it, but said you don't want to be going anywhere by yourself.   So it seems to the ant-gunners that as long as we dont have guns its good, even if more people are being rape, beat and murdered, right? If I am wrong then someone please explain to me the resoning behind it all.   Here is an example of how guns protect people. I grew up in the supposedly worst, and most feared part of Ogden. Where most the gang members lived. I lived there 19 years, you know how many gun deaths there was? 5, yes I said 5 in 19 years, and do you know why? Everybody had guns. all the gang members went into the more posh areas of town to commit their crimes. I actually feel more safe out in little Mexico as it is called, then up on the east bench where me and my wife live now. So please explain to me how guns hurt more people in that instance?
Texas's crime rate went down while Bush was governor. Why? Because Bush got a concealed carry law passed. Now the criminals knew that anyone, anywhere could have a gun, and they thought twice about committing a crime in public.  Also, name one major city that has a crime rate higher than Washington DC's. And before you try, don't say NYC or LA or Chicago or SF, because those will be wrong answers.
Crime Rates   Texas Concealed Carry Law Works
Originally posted by voiceofreason  In 1995 there were 12,173.5 crimes per 100,000 in DC (page 65) http://www.fbi.gov/ucr/Cius_97/95CRIME/95crime2.pdf   In 2001 there were 7,709.6 crimes per 100,000 in DC  (page 77) http://www.fbi.gov/ucr/cius_01/01crime2.pdf  That's a big drop in crime.    That's nice. A drop in crime due to what? I don't know and I can't tell from your numbers. Your statistics don't know and you don't too. No where in your fbi crime reports gives credit to the drop in crime is due to gun control.  I am absolutely sure you don't read your own sources. Examples:  1) Department of Justice Assault rifle study  2) Washington Times law suit for DC gun ban  3) and now the FBI crime report.
He has to be a pro gun person in disguise almost all of his sources are progun, really, are you just doing this to make people mad? It might be SN there just trying to play a joke on us and getting a kick out of all this. Whats next? He might list the U.K. report that I always use and say that it shows a drop in crime hehehe.
Originally posted by voiceofreason   quote: -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Originally posted by voiceofreason  In 1995 there were 12,173.5 crimes per 100,000 in DC (page 65) http://www.fbi.gov/ucr/Cius_97/95CRIME/95crime2.pdf   In 2001 there were 7,709.6 crimes per 100,000 in DC  (page 77) http://www.fbi.gov/ucr/cius_01/01crime2.pdf  That's a big drop in crime.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  And you should be fair.  -Voice of Reason    Sorry I did jump to conclusions, but that post was also very vague.  You are right that gun bans do reduce homicide rates, but it does not protect people who are not killed by guns. They still get killed anyhow.   Murder is a violence problem. Cure violence and you cure both forms of murder: firearm and non-firearms murder; and you do it without punishing law abiding citizens. Gun control will not help people who are killed with a knife, but it will surely disarm people who need to protect themselves.   I think you need to read your own post carefully. Historically you have shown a very gross ineptitude of posting pro-gun articles.
Those reports point out a crime rate that was already declining, there is nothing to indicate that the gun bans had anything to do with crime at all in those, go look at the average persons income in state and compare it to the crime rate there, you will find almost predictable outcome. And the UK report was not supposed to find the cause of the rising crime rate, it was just supposed to point it out, I do find it strange though that the Crime rate (which was declining) started to go up in the same year as guns were banned. The same thing happened in Australia as well.
From cbs.com and the 60 minutes website, I learned something new today.  The single most common form of firearm death broken down by race and gender, is:  White men by sucide.  Not crime and not by accident.   Take the deaths by crime for white women and black men and women (6897), and you will almost total deaths by white men by sucide (13,214).  So if you want to stop gun deaths, then you focus your effort on white men who want to kill themselves. Interesting.
The crime-rate went up in England because of gun control. Take a look.  http://reason.com/0211/fe.jm.gun.shtml  http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,59866,00.html  http://www.car-crime.com/crime_rate.htm  http://www.ncpa.org/pi/crime/oct98a.html  http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/pub/html/cjusew96/crvs.htm (that ones good, has charts)  It is now a fact that gun control doesn't work. Thank you for leading the way England for showing this. By the way, I'm picking up an AR-15 Thursday. It's gonna be sweet. Can't wait.
Originally posted by kelvin90701  From cbs.com and the 60 minutes website, I learned something new today.  The single most common form of firearm death broken down by race and gender, is:  White men by sucide.  Not crime and not by accident.   Take the deaths by crime for white women and black men and women (6897), and you will almost total deaths by white men by sucide (13,214).  So if you want to stop gun deaths, then you focus your effort on white men who want to kill themselves. Interesting.    My statistics show something different. This one says blacks commit more violent crime than whites. http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/glance/race.htm  This one says that males are getting closer to females in committing violent crimes. http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/glance/vsx2.htm
Originally posted by Alfaholic  My statistics show something different. This one says blacks commit more violent crime than whites. http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/glance/race.htm  This one says that males are getting closer to females in committing violent crimes. http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/glance/vsx2.htm    Uh?   This is about all froms of criminal victimizatlion: http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/glance/race.htm  This is about perps broken down by gender for all crimes: http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/glance/vsx2.htm  This is about death from fireamrs both murder and sucide: ***************************** "The single most common form of firearm death broken down by race and gender, is:  White men by sucide.  Not crime and not by accident. " *****************************  Please explain "my statistic show something different"?
Originally posted by voiceofreason  That Department of Justice study doesn't support your opinion since it doesn't examine crime statistics after the UK gun ban.    Sounds like the UK crime rate has been going down to me. Alfaholic is jumping to conclusions.    That was in 1997.  Did you forget that the UK was recently slammed in Jan 2003 for:  Counting multiple attackers as a single attack. (In the USA multiple attackers are counted each as separate attack.)  A crime is not counted unless there is a conviction in the UK. (In the USA a crime is counted, even when no gulty party is found. In other words in the UK a dead body is not a murder until they convict the murderer. No conviction, no murder, eventhough there is a dead body.)  A string of crimes committed by the same party is counted as 1 crime.  I am suprised you forgot all about that. We had a very lengthy posting session regarding the false reporting of UK statistics in another thread. Sorry for pointing the finger, I myself am guilty of selective memory.
That Department of Justice study doesn't support your opinion since it doesn't examine crime statistics after the UK gun ban.    Sounds like the UK crime rate has been going down to me. Alfaholic is jumping to conclusions.  I guess you failed to look at these two.   http://reason.com/0211/fe.jm.gun.shtml  http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,59866,00.html  Here's a little question.... If you were a criminal.... would you rather rob from a house where you knew the owner didn't have a gun or would you rob someone you knew had a gun?
You must be joking. I'm sure that making a gun is quite a bit more complicated than making a paper airplane.  Then why do nations which ban guns have a much lower gun crime rate than the US? If what you say is true then we would expect to see the same amount of gun crime in nations which ban guns as in the US, but we don't.   If guns are banned in these nations why do they still have crimes with guns?   Plus the nations that ban guns do not have a right like the 2nd amend protecting these nations citizens right to bear arms.  Gun haters think banning guns will make criminals stop being criminals. Any time a person defends no limits on a right, the gun hater accuse that person of being unreasonable.   Which is more reasonable?   People that defend the right to bear arms that demand laws that punish criminals by keeping them in prison thus keeping guns away from them.  Gun haters a hate group that attacks rights, then demands that guns be banned and dangerous criminals be allowed out of prison.  Why do I say this about gun haters?  Simple not one of the gun control laws the gun haters demand will punish criminals. Not one of the gun control laws the gun haters demand will keep dangerous criminals in prison.   What do gun haters want to do?  Simple gun haters want to allow dangerous criminals out of prison onto the streets of America. Then gun haters want to ban a right in an attempt at keeping gun away from these dangerous criminals.  Just who obeys the gun control laws? Law abiding citizens!   It would appear the only goal of the gun haters is to take the right to bear arms away from the law abiding citizen!
Gun haters claim banning guns will stop gun deaths. Countries with gun bans still have gun deaths. It appears gun haters use the lie that gun bans will stop gun deaths to justify gun bans. Then gun haters chant countries with gun bans have fewer deaths. This only make it clear that gun bans do not stop gun deaths. Gun bans simple ban law abiding citizens from having guns. After all that is the goal of the gun haters. Gun haters could careless about keeping guns from criminals. Criminals do not obey gun ban laws!  Extremist are the gun haters that want to limit the rights of law abiding Americans to prevent criminals from getting guns. Once again criminals will not obey gun ban laws!   Not one law the gun haters demand deals with keeping dangerous criminals in prison. If people are to dangerous to have guns, then why do the gun haters want these people out of prison? People that defend the right to bear arms demand that dangerous criminals be retained in prison. This way you keep guns away from dangerous criminals. And you do not infringe on the rights of the law abiding citizen!  Please show one law where the gun haters demand that dangerous criminals be keep in prison. Instead the gun haters use the lie of keeping guns from dangerous criminals to push for gun bans!  As for you remark about keeping guns from kids. Do you have any documented incidents of a kid walking into a gun store and buying a gun from the gun dealer? Was there a rash of kids doing this to prompt the age laws?  As for your militia remark. There is no requirement in the 2nd amend to be in a militia to bear arms. It does say militias may be regulated. If you are not in militia then you would not fall under this regulation. The 2nd amend does say "the right of the people to keep and bears arms shall not be infringed!"
According to data collected from each nation's embassy- "In 1996, handguns were used to murder 2 people in New Zealand, 15 in Japan, 30 in Great Britain, 106 in Canada and 9,390 in the United States."  Would you rather have a lot of gun deaths or only a few? And tell me of a law that is 100% effective. There are traffic laws, but there are still car accidents. Does that mean we shouldn't have any traffic laws? No, not if those traffic laws lead to a reduction in car accidents which they do.   As for the second amendment and whether gun ownership is a right or a priviledge we can discuss later.  Regarding your signature. The militia is NOT the National Guard.
According to data collected from each nation's embassy- "In 1996, handguns were used to murder 2 people in New Zealand, 15 in Japan, 30 in Great Britain, 106 in Canada and 9,390 in the United States."  Would you rather have a lot of gun deaths or only a few? And tell me of a law that is 100% effective. There are traffic laws, but there are still car accidents. Does that mean we shouldn't have any traffic laws? No, not if those traffic laws lead to a reduction in car accidents which they do.   As for the second amendment and whether gun ownership is a right or a priviledge we can discuss later.  Laws that pertain to cars do not ban cars. Laws that pertain to cars hold the person accountable for the misuse of cars.   Gun bans are only obeyed by the law abiding citizen. Gun bans have no affect on criminals. The gun deaths in countries that have banned guns proves this argument.  The 2nd amend is an individual right! Why because the very same words are used to describe it. The same words are used to describe our other rights. "The right of the people" are these words. Now gun haters are you going to start chanting that all rights are collective rights?
Even though your car analogy has already been shown to be wrong, I would like to use it to prove a separate point.  I will admit, I drive over the speed limit all the time. Do I know that I am breaking the law? Yes. Do I know that I can get in trouble for doing it? Yes. Do I know that it could increase my chances of having an accident? Yes. Do I drive slower despite the fact that I know all these? No.  If you institute gun-control, criminals also won't care that they are breaking the law by having a gun. Just like I still drive over the speed limit despite all the reasons I posted why I should not do so, criminals will still use guns even if you make it illegal.
Even though your car analogy has already been shown to be wrong, I would like to use it to prove a separate point.  I will admit, I drive over the speed limit all the time. Do I know that I am breaking the law? Yes. Do I know that I can get in trouble for doing it? Yes. Do I know that it could increase my chances of having an accident? Yes. Do I drive slower despite the fact that I know all these? No.  If you institute gun-control, criminals also won't care that they are breaking the law by having a gun. Just like I still drive over the speed limit despite all the reasons I posted why I should not do so, criminals will still use guns even if you make it illegal.  I have another point for you. I keep a .45 by the bed because a gun-hater is not going to be at my home to protect me when I have to use a .45.
If that analogy is wrong then why are you using it?  The car analogy has not been proven. It is merely a statement of his opinion.   There is no proof in any post of the analogy proven wrong from the time Dhard made the analogy to the time WJIM decleared it to be wrong. He was only stating his opinion.
According to data collected from each nation's embassy- "In 1996, handguns were used to murder 2 people in New Zealand, 15 in Japan, 30 in Great Britain, 106 in Canada and 9,390 in the United States."  Would you rather have a lot of gun deaths or only a few? And tell me of a law that is 100% effective. There are traffic laws, but there are still car accidents. Does that mean we shouldn't have any traffic laws? No, not if those traffic laws lead to a reduction in car accidents which they do.   As for the second amendment and whether gun ownership is a right or a priviledge we can discuss later.  Gun owernship is most definatley a right. You don't need a license to buy a firearm.  A drivers license is a priviledge. You must ask permission from the state to drive a car. You don't need a licesne to buy a car, but you most definately need to ask permission from the government before you drive.  I don't have to ask permission to exercise rights. Priviledges are granted by the state.  Please please please don't ever forget the difference between the two. Many many many men/women have died and are burried overseas and at home to secure your rights. I for one would be very sad to think that the men who died in combat died to secure my "priviledges".
VOR, I have pointed out the error in your analogy numerous times. Also, I believe that DHard3006 restated what I have said every time you have posted that analogy.  Regardless, I used the analogy not to prove any point of mine, but to show a further error in your thinking.
VOR,  You selectively edited my statement. I said that I did not use it to prove any point of mine. I never said that I wasn't going to use it to prove a point.  As I mentioned, I used it to show a further error in your analogy. That was my point.  SilentPoet,  This is not off-topic. It is a mini-debate over a statement I made in the debate.
Gun control won't work at all this is why-< Crime by definition is  crime:  1. An act committed or omitted in violation of a law forbidding or commanding it and for which punishment is imposed upon conviction.  2. Unlawful activity: statistics relating to violent crime.  3. A serious offense, especially one in violation of morality.  4. An unjust, senseless, or disgraceful act or condition: It's a crime to squander our country's natural resources.   and who commits crimes, Criminals, so if you take guns away from law abiding citizens insuring that criminals will still be able to get weapons will have more targets to attack because people don't have any defense against criminals.
Talking about the right to bear arms with anti-gun/gun control advocates is like talking about civil rights with racist. It does nothing but fall on deaf ears!   Anti-gun/gun control advocates are not worried about keeping guns away from criminals!   Anti-gun/gun control advocates want one thing and that is to ban the right to bear arms!  On the news program 20/20 a group of criminals were asked do they obey gun control laws, this group of criminals replied NO!
Gun control won't work at all this is why-< Crime by definition is  crime:  1. An act committed or omitted in violation of a law forbidding or commanding it and for which punishment is imposed upon conviction.  2. Unlawful activity: statistics relating to violent crime.  3. A serious offense, especially one in violation of morality.  4. An unjust, senseless, or disgraceful act or condition: It's a crime to squander our country's natural resources.   and who commits crimes, Criminals, so if you take guns away from law abiding citizens insuring that criminals will still be able to get weapons will have more targets to attack because people don't have any defense against criminals.  Sound great to me.   You know what? The anti-gunners don't care what you think.  I don't know what legal doctrine they use to justify keeping guns away from good people, but the concept of a blanket to restrict the rights of both guilty and innocent together is fundamentally wrong. It violates all notions of personal responsibility. Punishment is the restriction of rights. Gun control is fundamentally wrong when it restricts both guilty and innocent together.
With no effort and a credit card:  Home Depot: Metal Pipe closed at one end $10  Drill to make hole touch hole in pipe $40  Charcoal from the supper market $4  Sulphur and potasium Nitrate from the internet $20  A clothes pin and rubber band for a lock, $2  In five minutes I have a soothbore musket, priceless.  The Colt 45 Automatic was first developed in 1903. The metal shop in a high school has tools more advanced that the first gun smiths who built the first Colt 45 Automatic in 1903.  I know this is an old posting, but I thought I would add to it. I have built several 1911 clones. Press forge the frame (and slide, sometimes), then mill the parts. I use a CNC mill (about $750,000). A lot fo guys, though, use a $300 minimill from harbor freight. A setup for press forging the parts (press forging is the better modern alternative to drop forging) will set you back less than $200, if you are a good scrounger.  Gun building is probably a more common hobby than you might think. It is hard to tell exactly how many people are doing it, because a homebuilt gun requires no registration, permit to build, or any of that other XXXX (unless you are building an NFA firearm, which is a machine gun). There is even a yahoo group about building your own gun. Fro the faint of heart (those who don't want to forge or cast theri own reciver/frame) there are a bunch of places that will sell you an 80% finished reciever, which doesn't count as a firearm from a legal viewpoint.   I always buy my barrels since it is too much work to do the rifling. In a pinch, it could be done, it just wouldn't be a competition grade barrel. Of course, most firearms you buy don't come with a stock competition grade barrel.
I know this is an old posting, but I thought I would add to it. I have built several 1911 clones. Press forge the frame (and slide, sometimes), then mill the parts. I use a CNC mill (about $750,000). A lot fo guys, though, use a $300 minimill from harbor freight. A setup for press forging the parts (press forging is the better modern alternative to drop forging) will set you back less than $200, if you are a good scrounger.  Gun building is probably a more common hobby than you might think. It is hard to tell exactly how many people are doing it, because a homebuilt gun requires no registration, permit to build, or any of that other XXXX (unless you are building an NFA firearm, which is a machine gun). There is even a yahoo group about building your own gun. Fro the faint of heart (those who don't want to forge or cast theri own reciver/frame) there are a bunch of places that will sell you an 80% finished reciever, which doesn't count as a firearm from a legal viewpoint.   I always buy my barrels since it is too much work to do the rifling. In a pinch, it could be done, it just wouldn't be a competition grade barrel. Of course, most firearms you buy don't come with a stock competition grade barrel.  Interesting.  I got a point to hash out?  If the anti-gunners ban buying guns? Then can we just make our own?
Interesting.  I got a point to hash out?  If the anti-gunners ban buying guns? Then can we just make our own?  I don't know about you, but I know I could, and I will assume that you could, also.   It really a very simple thing to do. Plans, scaled blueprints and a couple of good books on metlaworking would get you right in business. I think that a realistic number for seting up a shop to turn out your own guns is probably about $1000. This would include a milling machine, a hydraulic press (actually, a 25,000 ton bottle and some steel beams, you would have to put the thig together yourself......it is good practice). This would prety much give you the ability to build your own forged frames and slides. Everything else on most guns can bemilled (hammers, slide locks, safeties, etc...)  I started building my own because I wanted some stuff included that wasn't offered from a manufaturer. I wrtoe a letter to the ATF asking about the legality of building your own gun. They said you can build your own gun, as long as you are not building it for resale, you don't need a permit, serial numbers, or any of that other XXXX. I have sold a couple of guns I have built. According to the ATF, as long as the primary consideration of building the gun is NOT to sell it, you are OK doing this.  I have several dozen handguns I have built myself. It is not worth doing if you are just going to build a 1911 clone or a p228 (these are my 2 favorite guns) to factory specs. If you want to build something "special" though, it is the only way to go. An example:  I just finished a p228 today with a blasted stainless frame. The slide rails (both on the frame and the slide) are graphite imprgnated so you never have to worry about lubrication. Trigger, slide, and hammer are damascus consisting of 1045 steel and nickle sheet. When you etch this, you end up with a dark grey "background" with silver inlays (I prefer either a ladder pattern or amiden hair pattern).  You can't pick something like that up down at your local Gun Den.   People don't think about this kind of thing. They go "that would be far too complicated". This is a load of XXXX. You could set up an operation that turned out 75-100 guns a day for probably 10 grand, and you would only need about 5 guys to staff it.   Just one more reason that gun control won't work........
A very weak argument against gun control. According to that logic the UK should have about as many gun deaths as the US because you say that if people can't legally access guns then they will just make their own guns. But wait a minute, the gun death rate in the UK is much lower.   First off are you an American or British?   If you are claiming gun control works in the UK because of fewer gun deaths you are wrong. Which citizens in the UK are obeying the gun bans there? Are the criminals obeying the gun bans? Are law-abiding citizens obeying the gun bans? It is clear all the gun bans did in the UK was to prevent law-abiding citizens from having guns!  Another reason for not comparing the US to the UK on the 2nd amend is that the UK does not have a right like the 2nd amend. So there is nothing to compare. This is also why the UK can ban guns and the US cannot.
Having been to the UK, and having a couple of associates there who are somewhat less than reputable, I happen to know that you don't need to make your own. They are not THAT hard to come by. Of course, I have also been told "you don't really need a gun over here. The people are such a bunch of babies that theres really no point to it."  Making weapons is a last resort. We would most likely never have to build our own. They already import drugs by the ton into the US, and I am told that smuggling guns is even easier becasue they don't have gun sniffing dogs.
I have also been told "you don't really need a gun over here. The people are such a bunch of babies that theres really no point to it.  i agree with that, they are, i have met someone who is a friend of my grandma's that lives there and me and my dad are hunters, and when we mentioned that we go hunting, he asked if we had are weapons with us and of course we did at that time, we just got bac from hunting, and he completly fliped, he wouldn't talk to us if it was just my father, him, and me, but if my grandma was in the room than he was ok, i know that you might say that he thinks gunowner's are bad, but my grandma says that guns scare anyone that comes from that area where he lives.
I had a british guy and his family (wife, 2 kids) move in down the road from me (about 1/2 mile). I have a pretty decent firing range set up behind the house, and have people over pretty often to do some shooting. Drove the poor guy nuts. They moved after only 3 months. Every time anybody would be out there shooting, they would call the sheriffs department. Sheriffs department finally charged the guy with false police reports or false 911 calls or something.   He came down right before he moved to tell me that he was moving somehere "safer". I hope he moves somewhere really safe where guns are illegal. I am thinking he would enjoy New York, or Compton.
daewoo....do you think this is why there is a lower death rate in the UK than in the US? Because of how chicken all the UK people are (No offense meant to any) or is there another reason?
I personally don't know enough folks from the UK to say. When I said they were big babies, I was quoting some friends who have lived there for quite a while. The guy up the road, well, I don't consider him a wimp, just an idiot who has been brainwashed by the socialists.  When you say the death rate is lower, do you mean death due to crime? If that is the case, I think the death rate is lower because of the lower rates of violent crime. I think the "gun" problem in America is really a sociological problem that has nothing at all to do with guns.
When you say the death rate is lower, do you mean death due to crime? If that is the case, I think the death rate is lower because of the lower rates of violent crime. I think the "gun" problem in America is really a sociological problem that has nothing at all to do with guns.  Death Rate due to guns, and i agree with you on the Sociological part in the "gun" problem in america.
Yeah, you can argue that it's a violation of the second amendment as the BATF leaves your home with your firearms in hand until you're blue in the face. You'll be right, of course. And yet, still disarmed. The day is coming. "FROM MY COLD, DEAD HANDS!!!!!!"
Clickhere to see some stuff on why gun control won't work.  "That the more helpless you are, the safer you are from criminals."  That guns should be banned because of the danger involved, and live reporting from the battlefield, which can keep the enemy informed of troop deployments, getting thousands of troops killed and perhaps losing a war, is a protected act that CANNOT be compromised on.  That people are too stupid to handle guns, but are intelligent enough to vote.  That one should judge all gun owners by the acts of a few criminals, just like one should judge all blacks by the acts of a few inner-city crack dealers.  That if an a group of anti-gun protesters feels threatened, they should ask police with guns to protect them while they tell everyone how worthless guns are for protection.
"FROM MY COLD, DEAD HANDS!!!!!!"  Good theory, rarely practiced. Personally, I am pretty sure that if they passed a law tommorow banning all guns, the majority of gun owners would be standing in line by 5:00 PM to turn in their guns. There would be some holdouts, but not as many as we would like to think.
Good theory, rarely practiced. Personally, I am pretty sure that if they passed a law tommorow banning all guns, the majority of gun owners would be standing in line by 5:00 PM to turn in their guns. There would be some holdouts, but not as many as we would like to think.  if it all came down, i bet that some gun owner's would turn in just their registered guns, and keep the guns that aren't registered, and bought through a private sale.
Good theory, rarely practiced. Personally, I am pretty sure that if they passed a law tommorow banning all guns, the majority of gun owners would be standing in line by 5:00 PM to turn in their guns. There would be some holdouts, but not as many as we would like to think.   More liberal claptrap? Sorry, Charlie.. if that were to happen, the MAJORITY would be those NOT turning them in! You obviously don't know what you're talking about. Like the other poster stated, even the majority of Canadian gun-owners are refusing to comply with their Nazi-like confiscation program that has already cost their tax-payers something like $1 billion.
More liberal claptrap? Sorry, Charlie.. if that were to happen, the MAJORITY would be those NOT turning them in! You obviously don't know what you're talking about. Like the other poster stated, even the majority of Canadian gun-owners are refusing to comply with their Nazi-like confiscation program that has already cost their tax-payers something like $1 billion.  Patrick Henry, first of all, you have taken the name of a great man. Frankly, you barely deserve the right to speak the name, much less use it to identify yourself. Patrick Henry was a thoughful man who spoke rarely, but when he did, every word was carefully chosen. He once said "I prefer the written word, as it leaves no doubts as to intention.....". I seriously doubt that he would appreciate his name being used to identify somebody who shoots their mouth off without forethought or reason.  This is the second time you have spewed off about what a liberal I am. First, you obviously have not read many of the older messages, or you would know better.   When it comes to people being good little subjects and doing what they are told, based on what we have seen in califonia, the number of folks who are more than willing to turn in their guns for $50 and a slice of pizza at the gun buyback programs, and the estimates of gun ownership in cities where they are heavily regulated, I feel comletely confident in saying that the majority of gun owners would fall ito line like the good little subjects they are.  I spoke today with a friend of mine who is a congressional aide. We were specifically talking about the riders that have been attached to the bill which would protect gunmakers from frivilous lawsuits. The riders in question would essentially close down gun shows and extend the assault weapons ban indefinatly. This has been a fairly hot topic in gun groups lately. Do you know how many letters that congressman has recieved from his constituents about the issue? TWO. Mine was one of them. The other was a letter supporting re-enactment of the ban. People aren't willing to get up off their butts and write a letter, but they are more than happy to complain when the ban passes. Do you really think that these same folks, who can't be bothered to write a letter to defend their rights are going to be willing to commit a felony by keeping their guns?  Another thing comes to mind on this issue. It was a study conducted at (I believe) Harvard. They pulled 20 people off the street and put them in front of a panel fo buttons that were numbered between 1 and 10. The 11th button said "DANGER....LETHAL". They were told that they were going to be administering electrical shocks to a person in the next room as part of a study in pain.  They pushed the buttons one at a time, starting at 1. When thay got to button number five, a person in the other room began to moan (nobody was hooked up, of course, the box was a fake). By button number 9, the person in the other room was screaming their head off and begging for it to stop. After button number 10, the participants were told to push the button marked as lethal.  Do you know how many of those good, upstanding americans refused? Not a damn one of them. Not a single person refused to go any further when the guy was screaming, and not a single one of them refused to send the "lethal" shock.   At this point in the experiment, somebody came in from the other room an pronounced the "subject" dead and the real subjects reaction was observed. Of the 20, only 2 showed any visible signs of remorse. The most prevelant reaction wa something along the lines of "I did do it right didn't I?"  Interestingly enough, this study has been repeated multiple times, in multiple countries now. After multiple repititions, we have found that less than 1% of Americans refused to deliver the lethal shock. In mexico, less than half the people were willing. In Denmark, NOBODY was willing. In London, 100% of the people were willing. NOBODY in Canada was willing.  Do you really think that the same brainwashed CATTLE (americans) who are willing to deliver a lethal shock to somebody on the say so of some guy they have never met before, but that they percieve to be in a position of authority, are going to refuse to turn in their guns?  I think the bigger problem would be staffing the turn in points adequetly to handle the rush to get them turned in.   Americans are taught form an early age to respect authority, real or percieved. Americans don't question, we follow orders.   As sickening as it is, there are not enough independant thinkers left in the whole country to really make a difference. We have 2 political parties. On the one side, you have the socialists, on the other, the fascists, and we are fine with this. Political activism anymore means siting at home on your couch and complaining about how things are done, or logging onto the internet and whining in a chat room.  DO you know what most congressional offices consider an "large influx" of letters on an issue? TEN. If ten original letters on a single issue arrive in the same week, the issue is flagged as important to the constituency.   Do you know what happens to E-mails that get sent to congreesman? A constituent rep reads them, sends a canned reply, and deletes it. Same thing goes for form letters (the ones that end with "cut and past this then print it and mail it"). They figure that if a person can't take the time to sit down and write an actual letter, they don't care that much. Personally, I agree with them. Do you really expect them to believe that you are going to vote for someone else because of an issue that you can't be bothered to spend 10 minutes on?  Besides, who else are you going to vote for? We have a two party system.
Patrick Henry, first of all, you have taken the name of a great man. Frankly, you barely deserve the right to speak the name, much less use it to identify yourself. Patrick Henry was a thoughful man who spoke rarely, but when he did, every word was carefully chosen. He once said "I prefer the written word, as it leaves no doubts as to intention.....". I seriously doubt that he would appreciate his name being used to identify somebody who shoots their mouth off without forethought or reason. Quit your whining, punk. I'll take whatever name I choose. Just like a liberal to try and dictate who can do what. The only one here shootin' off at the mouth is YOU. So, save your sanctimonious blather, liberal.  This is the second time you have spewed off about what a liberal I am. First, you obviously have not read many of the older messages, or you would know better.  I've read your other claptrap. You're a confused liberal. I have a friend who's 'for guns' and yet votes democRAT every election and is pretty much in favor of the liberal agenda with exception to 'guns'. Just like you. When it comes to people being good little subjects and doing what they are told, based on what we have seen in califonia, the number of folks who are more than willing to turn in their guns for $50 and a slice of pizza at the gun buyback programs, and the estimates of gun ownership in cities where they are heavily regulated, I feel comletely confident in saying that the majority of gun owners would fall ito line like the good little subjects they are. Again, you're full of XXXX. I have a friend who works for a company that deals with military and law enforcement. His company receives those 'turned-in' guns and he tells me that they're mostly XXXX. About 1 out of 100 might be of some worth, but mostly junk. Sure, I'd turn in a gun I either STOLE or used in a CRIME for $50, no questions asked. Good little subjects? Will I see you at the front of the line? I welcome you to come get mine when you're done there. I spoke today with a friend of mine who is a congressional aide. We were specifically talking about the riders that have been attached to the bill which would protect gunmakers from frivilous lawsuits. The riders in question would essentially close down gun shows and extend the assault weapons ban indefinatly. This has been a fairly hot topic in gun groups lately. Do you know how many letters that congressman has recieved from his constituents about the issue? TWO. Mine was one of them. The other was a letter supporting re-enactment of the ban. People aren't willing to get up off their butts and write a letter, but they are more than happy to complain when the ban passes. Do you really think that these same folks, who can't be bothered to write a letter to defend their rights are going to be willing to commit a felony by keeping their guns?  Another thing comes to mind on this issue. It was a study conducted at (I believe) Harvard. They pulled 20 people off the street and put them in front of a panel fo buttons that were numbered between 1 and 10. The 11th button said "DANGER....LETHAL". They were told that they were going to be administering electrical shocks to a person in the next room as part of a study in pain.  They pushed the buttons one at a time, starting at 1. When thay got to button number five, a person in the other room began to moan (nobody was hooked up, of course, the box was a fake). By button number 9, the person in the other room was screaming their head off and begging for it to stop. After button number 10, the participants were told to push the button marked as lethal.  Do you know how many of those good, upstanding americans refused? Not a damn one of them. Not a single person refused to go any further when the guy was screaming, and not a single one of them refused to send the "lethal" shock.   At this point in the experiment, somebody came in from the other room an pronounced the "subject" dead and the real subjects reaction was observed. Of the 20, only 2 showed any visible signs of remorse. The most prevelant reaction wa something along the lines of "I did do it right didn't I?"  Interestingly enough, this study has been repeated multiple times, in multiple countries now. After multiple repititions, we have found that less than 1% of Americans refused to deliver the lethal shock. In mexico, less than half the people were willing. In Denmark, NOBODY was willing. In London, 100% of the people were willing. NOBODY in Canada was willing. More liberal psycho-babble? *yawn* Do you really think that the same brainwashed CATTLE (americans) who are willing to deliver a lethal shock to somebody on the say so of some guy they have never met before, but that they percieve to be in a position of authority, are going to refuse to turn in their guns?  I think the bigger problem would be staffing the turn in points adequetly to handle the rush to get them turned in.  Yeah, I know we can count on you to help with the staffing. Americans are taught form an early age to respect authority, real or percieved. Americans don't question, we follow orders.  If that were true, then our government would've already been traded in for the dicatorship that you're hoping for a long time ago. Just like a liberal to bash America and Americans. As sickening as it is, there are not enough independant thinkers left in the whole country to really make a difference. We have 2 political parties. On the one side, you have the socialists, on the other, the fascists, and we are fine with this. Political activism anymore means siting at home on your couch and complaining about how things are done, or logging onto the internet and whining in a chat room. Socialists and fascists? I guess you're claiming to be a 'moderate'? A moderate is simply someone that doesn't have the guts to take a side on an issue. Actually, socialists and fascists have more in common with each other than either do with conservatism. Hence, why liberals are much more akin to either of them. DO you know what most congressional offices consider an "large influx" of letters on an issue? TEN. If ten original letters on a single issue arrive in the same week, the issue is flagged as important to the constituency.   Do you know what happens to E-mails that get sent to congreesman? A constituent rep reads them, sends a canned reply, and deletes it. Same thing goes for form letters (the ones that end with "cut and past this then print it and mail it"). They figure that if a person can't take the time to sit down and write an actual letter, they don't care that much. Personally, I agree with them. Do you really expect them to believe that you are going to vote for someone else because of an issue that you can't be bothered to spend 10 minutes on? I've written letters to my representatives that were personally responded to, not a 'canned response' (I only got those from democRATS). I recall one bill that I questioned my representative about that involved Federal agencies here hiring ex-Hong Kong policemen after the British turned over the city to the Red Chinese. I only found out about this obscure measure because a guy at a gun show was handing out flyers about it. I inquired about it and found it from my congressman that it was indeed true. He was assured me that it wouldn't be passed and it wasn't, thanks to him and other conservatives. Another defeat was handed to the socialist/fascist democRATS.  Sorry, bud.. evidently I just don't hate America and Americans as rabidly as you do. Besides, who else are you going to vote for? We have a two party system. I voted for Alan Keyes the last two GOP primaries. Against your friend Bill Klinton I voted for Bob Dole and against Algore I voted for Bush. Neither Dole or Bush were my favorites. I am seriously thinking about changing my party affiliation to the Constitution Party unless conservatives can take control of the GOP and oust the RINOs (Republican In Name Only, I.E. Sen. John McInsane). And who did you vote for? Nader? Are you voting for him again? Or will you stick to the Socialist Party candidate?   Feel free to argue semantics and what IS is...
Feel free to argue semantics and what IS is...  I can't decide if you are kidding, if you are a a lunatic, or if you are just not bright enough to follow the debates here. I do see that you are apparently not bright enough to QUOTE messages so they are easily read/followed, although the 16 yr old kids here don't seem to have any trouble with it.   I also notice that your post is big on name calling and inuendo, but very light on content.  Quit your whining, punk. I'll take whatever name I choose. Just like a liberal to try and dictate who can do what. The only one here shootin' off at the mouth is YOU. So, save your sanctimonious blather, liberal.   I've read your other claptrap. You're a confused liberal. I have a friend who's 'for guns' and yet votes democRAT every election and is pretty much in favor of the liberal agenda with exception to 'guns'. Just like you.   There is one line in all that XXXX that was probably worth typeing, the one about voing democrat at every election. The rest is just raving by somebody who can't come up with a decent point. I haven't voted democrat yet. You might also do a "view source" to see how the whole quoting thing is done.  Again, you're full of XXXX. I have a friend who works for a company that deals with military and law enforcement. His company receives those 'turned-in' guns and he tells me that they're mostly XXXX. About 1 out of 100 might be of some worth, but mostly junk. Sure, I'd turn in a gun I either STOLE or used in a CRIME for $50, no questions asked. Good little subjects? Will I see you at the front of the line? I welcome you to come get mine when you're done there.  According to department of justice "Gun buyback program summary, 2001", the majority of guns turned in at gun buyback programs are not stolen, and the average value of the weapons is $320. They don't list how they get the estimated value.   Personally, I doubt the truthfullness of your assertation. The guns that are purchased in buyback programs are generally turned over to either the ATF or the FBI (when there is not an ATF office available locally). They are diassembeled and sold to Temp and Company steel and melted down for scrap under a service contract awarded to them in 2000, and renewed every year since. A copy of the service contract is posted annually, including contact information, through just about any federal publication listing federal bid packages.   More liberal psycho-babble? *yawn* Yeah, I know we can count on you to help with the staffing. If that were true, then our government would've already been traded in for the dicatorship that you're hoping for a long time ago. Just like a liberal to bash America and Americans  Hmmm...Again, no point, babbling and name calling because you can't refute. Are you sure you are not a liberal?   You don't find it even the slightest bit disturbing that 100% of Americans tested were willing to kill a stranger because somebody else told them to?  Socialists and fascists? I guess you're claiming to be a 'moderate'? A moderate is simply someone that doesn't have the guts to take a side on an issue. Actually, socialists and fascists have more in common with each other than either do with conservatism. Hence, why liberals are much more akin to either of them.   You need to do a LOT more research on socialism and fascism. They are entirely different. Thee is a thread on one of the other forums where I lay down a brief compare and contrast between democracy, socialism, communism. Read that, then look up fascism.  I am not a moderate, either. If anything, I would have to say I am a borderline anarchist. I want as little government and as few laws as we can get.   I've written letters to my representatives that were personally responded to, not a 'canned response' (I only got those from democRATS). I recall one bill that I questioned my representative about that involved Federal agencies here hiring ex-Hong Kong policemen after the British turned over the city to the Red Chinese. I only found out about this obscure measure because a guy at a gun show was handing out flyers about it. I inquired about it and found it from my congressman that it was indeed true. He was assured me that it wouldn't be passed and it wasn't, thanks to him and other conservatives. Another defeat was handed to the socialist/fascist democRATS.  Sorry, bud.. evidently I just don't hate America and Americans as rabidly as you do.  Your representative never saw your letter. It went to a constituent rep, who researched it and wrote you a reply. What, in a paragraph where I encourage people to write their congressman in order to ensure that their voice is heard, leads you to believe I hate America? You are not making sense (of course, this seems to be the norm). Of course, you did just prove my point about the effectiveness of writing a letter. Agin, though, you need to go back to political science 101 and take a look at socialism and fascism. They are mutually exclusive.  I voted for Alan Keyes the last two GOP primaries. Against your friend Bill Klinton I voted for Bob Dole and against Algore I voted for Bush. Neither Dole or Bush were my favorites. I am seriously thinking about changing my party affiliation to the Constitution Party unless conservatives can take control of the GOP and oust the RINOs (Republican In Name Only, I.E. Sen. John McInsane). And who did you vote for? Nader? Are you voting for him again? Or will you stick to the Socialist Party candidate?   Actually, last time around I supported Buchanan. I just couldn't bring myself to be a bush supporter.   People like you are why we have gun control. If we could present a logical argument/debate to the antigunners there would not be such a problem. Instead, yu can debate gun control and they go home and go "I met this drooling lunatic tonight who was pro gun. We should DEFINATLY pass laws to keep people like that from having firearms." You need to CALM DOWN just a bit. Back your arguments up with logic, anecdotal evidence and research, and you get a lot better reception. Your views will be held in much higher regard. The only people who base a debate on name calling and innuendo are little kids and hard core liberals. This is why they are not taken seriously.  Of course, as it stands now, I have interesing messages to print out and pass around at lunch for a little levity.
Take a look at this link Here
Gun control will not work because criminals do not obey gun control laws.
Gun control laws will not work because criminals do not obey gun control laws!   Gun control will only affect law-abiding citizens!  Criminals that do not obey gun control laws will be able to obtain guns and use them on the unarmed law-abiding citizens.
More personal attacks from sombody with no case to make.  LOL! Not stolen? Post that info, I don't believe a liar like you. $320? LOL! Yeah, right. Keep lying, liberal  According to department of justice "Gun buyback program summary, 2001", the majority of guns turned in at gun buyback programs are not stolen, and the average value of the weapons is $320. They don't list how they get the estimated value.    This is what is called a "source" it is what those of us who actually do research use to prove our point. If you would like a copy of the source, all you have to do is contact the department of justice. Send them a letter with 35 cents (they charge a nickle a page for photocopies, front and back, and the report is 7 pages). It is a very simple matter. Alterantively, you coud subscribe to some of their newsletters. They print results of reports like that in their newsletters as soon as they are completed, and they send them to you for free.   A "source" is where research has been done, or a study has been done, and they publish the results. There are a lot of differnet places out there that you can pick up materials.  Again, you have your head firmly placed in your a**. The weapons they receive are 'marked for destruction' by the BATF and yet, there they are in their place of business. Sorry.. it's a fact that these weapons are NOT being destroyed like your 'talking points' handout states, they are being sold to companies like the one I know the details. I have first-hand proof and you have zero. You'll just have to get over it.  Where is your first hand proof? What we have is your word in a rave, and all you have is your buddy saying "this is how it is". HEre is where I tell you how to check my source if you so desire:  A copy of the service contract is posted annually, including contact information, through just about any federal publication listing federal bid packages  The only place I know of that lists about every government contract that goes out is the congressional register. YOu can obtain copies by contacting the government printing office. There is a small charge for having a printed copy delivered. I think it is available online as well, but can't say for certain because I get a copy in the mail so I have never bothered to look. This is another one of those pesky "sources".  Can't refute? Boy, you think mighty highly of yourself don't you? You haven't proven anything other than your propensity for posting mere 'opinion' and claiming it to be fact without one iota of documented evidence to back it up. Liberal? No, that's you. I don't support liberal programs like 'buy-backs', unlike you the liberal  By my count, I have listed at least 2 sources that are verifiable and publicly available, and you have listed exactly 0. I did not say I supported gun buy back programs. I don't, I think they are a terrible idea. I used them as an example of the fact that people do not cling tot heir guns as tightly as you have asserted. Do you even understand what we are debating?   This is another example of you embracing liberal pyscho-babble and further evidence that you're no friend of the 'second amendment'. In fact, let's call your support, 'luke-warm'.  While a do realise that you most likely are not intelligent enough to understand the experiment I explained, suffice it to say that it was a scientific experiment based entirely on documentable, observable action carried out by a test subject. Usually when people refer to "psycho babble" they are talking about soft science type experiments with non observable results that require a certain amount of theoretical interpetation. THis is not the case with the study I cited. The study I cited involved measuring a physical reaction (pushing a button) in response to a verbal stimuli (being told to push the button). Results, Americans pushed the button every time.   As far as "luke warm" support for the second amendment goes, I have one of only 97 concealed carry permits in my sate that have been issued to private citizens. I also hold the ONLY class 2 license. I currently posess a collection of 314 guns, 27 of which I have built from scratch. How about you, bucko?  'I want as little government and as few laws as we can get.' LOL! And here you are campaigning for GOVERNMENT run 'gun buy back' programs, among other things?? You don't have your head screwed on straight. Anarchist..LOL!  AS I said before, I do not support gun buy back programs. The postings where I refered to gun buyback programs indicated no support whatsoever for them. Again, you are aparrently too ignorant to not only remeber what we were debating, you also cannot read a simple statement and understand the context in which it is made. I have seen you reference hitler several times in some of your posts. Does this mean you are a nazi or support hitler? of course not, you were attempting (however unsucessfuly) to use historical precendence to make your case.   WOW! You're in my Congressman's office too! Is there no end to your awesome power? More, unsubstantiated blather.    Nope, just telling you how things are done. I own a company that does quite a bit of work for the federal government (including the DOD). I have gotten to know a lot of congressmen, I know how they do things.   Have you ever heard of National Socialist? Sounds like you're trying to seperate the two, of course with you being in favor of socialism.  Even NAtional Socialism is incompatible with fascism. Did you look up a decent definition of fascism? There is an excelent book called "Political systems: A difinitive comparison" By a guy named Roscheck. I would suggest you take a look at it. It is kind of long (roughly 1500 pages) but worth the read. There are about 300 pages on fascism. I am certain you would find it informative.  Nope. It's cowards like you that cave to liberal nonsense like 'gun buy-back' programs. Your arguments are that of a liberal. You are ready to compromise at every turn, hence your support of such idiotic nonsense as 'gun buy-back' programs. Evidence? I have yet to see you provide any. So, you go ahead and keep attacking those that support the second amendment so as to continue making an a** of yourself while embracing such liberal nonsense as GOVERNMENT RUN GUN BUY-BACK PROGRAMS!  Nope, I am absolutly against gun buyback programs, and have never said anything to the contrary. I fully support the second amendment (especially since I have one hell of a lot of money wrapped up in a large gun collection.  You seem to have trouble remeberign what we are debating. What we were debating was the number of gun owners likely to turn in their weapons should a full ban eer be instituted. My position was that I believe the majority of gun owners would probably turn in their guns, then I presented my logic, cited a couple of sources, and provided some anecdotal evidence to support my theory. Your response was:  More liberal claptrap? Sorry, Charlie.. if that were to happen, the MAJORITY would be those NOT turning them in! You obviously don't know what you're talking about. Like the other poster stated, even the majority of Canadian gun-owners are refusing to comply with their Nazi-like confiscation program that has already cost their tax-payers something like $1 billion.   Since then, you have not cited a single source besides your unnamed buddy who works for an unnamed company. Name the company and we can lay that particular issue to rest.   You closing:  So, save your sanctimonious blather for those kids you like to impress.  I can only assume refers to my statement  I do see that you are apparently not bright enough to QUOTE messages so they are easily read/followed, although the 16 yr old kids here don't seem to have any trouble with it.    I see you still have not figured it out. Ok, the easiest way to do it is to c&p the portions you want to quote, highlight them, then push the little button at the top of the message frame. It is under the box that says "color" (the color picker box) on the far right, and it looks like a little cartoon talk bubble. Alternatively, anything that is between a [quote] flag (at the end of the quote you have to put [/quote} will show up as a quote.   Now you know.  I was wondering, could you tell me how you percieve yourself? I have 2 theories, the first is that you see yourself as a no BS guy who speaks his mind. The second is that you see yourself as an incredibly bright person. In either case you are, of course, wrong. You come across as a jackass. YOu, of course, don't have to answer the question. I am just tryint to understand the logic of somebody who jumps my butt for only supplying 2 sources, when they have provided none at all in this debate. I am one of thos folks that is driven by logic, as opposed to knee jerk emotional responses. You are apparently the opposite. I find it interesting that you come down on the side of the gun control debate that you do. I have found that in general, it is the people who are rooted in facts and logic that opposed gun control, and the emotional types that are anti gun. In your case, it seems to be the exact opposite. You apparently know no facts, and are incapable of making arguments based in logic, but you are a pro gunner. Interesting.
I would have agree with JustAnotherGuy and not just cause I'm a conservitive bush supporter. But because the facts do seem support him. Lets look at some places with stringent gun laws.  National Center for Policy Analysis 2001 said: If gun control laws have any effect, it may be to increase crime. For instance:   New Jersey adopted what sponsors described as "the most stringent gun law" in the nation in 1966; two years later, the murder rate was up 46 percent and the reported robbery rate had nearly doubled.  In 1968, Hawaii imposed a series of increasingly harsh measures and its murder rate, then a low 2.4 per 100,000 per year, tripled to 7.2 by 1977.  In 1976, Washington, D.C., enacted one of the most restrictive gun control laws in the nation. Since then, the city's murder rate has risen 134 percent while the national murder rate has dropped 2 percent.  British crime BBC News Online (July 16, 2001) handgun crime in the United Kingdom rose by 40% in the two years after it passed its draconian gun ban in 1997.  Australian crime. USA Today (May 9, 2002) "Since Australia's 1996 laws banning most guns and making it a crime to use a gun defensively, armed robberies rose by 51%, unarmed robberies by 37%, assaults by 24% and kidnappings by 43%."  Canadian crime. The Fraser Institute, November 2003  After enacting stringent gun control laws in 1991 and 1995, Canada has not made its citizens any safer. "The contrast between the criminal violence rates in the United States and in Canada is dramatic," says Canadian criminologist Gary Mauser. "Over the past decade, the rate of violent crime in Canada has increased while in the United States the violent crime rate has plummeted."  Now lets look at some places with lax gun laws.  The Washington Times (March 28, 2000). the media highly publicized a safety course which taught Orlando women how to use guns. The result: Orlando's rape rate dropped 88% in 1967, whereas the rape rate remained constant in the rest of Florida and the nation.  FBI Uniform Crime Reports, (1988) Vermont: is one of the five safest states in the country. In Vermont, citizens can carry a firearm without getting permission . . . without paying a fee . . . or without going through any kind of government-imposed waiting period. And yet for ten years in a row, Vermont has remained one of the top-five, safest states in the union having three times received the "Safest State Award."  FBI Uniform Crime Reports, (1988) Florida: concealed carry helps slash the murder rate in the state. In the fifteen years following the passage of Florida's concealed carry law in 1987, over 800,000 permits to carry firearms were issued to people in the state. FBI reports show that the homicide rate in Florida, which in 1987 was much higher than the national average, fell 52% during that 15-year period thus putting the Florida rate below the national average.  FBI Uniform Crime Reports, (1988) Kennesaw, GA. In 1982, this suburb of Atlanta passed a law requiring heads of households to keep at least one firearm in the house. The residential burglary rate subsequently dropped 89% in Kennesaw, compared to the modest 10.4% drop in Georgia as a whole.  So you see, if you want reduce crime, (which would resul in safer places to live) then what you need is less gun controll laws. Rather than folowing down the faulty path of gun bans and ending up like:  New Jersey Hawaii Washington, D.C. Britin  Australia and, canada  I hope you see my point. (I can bring up further evidence if needed), and please excuse my awfull spelling.
All the laws in the world won't work, criminals will always be able to get guns. If they can't buy them, smuggle them in or steal them, they will make them. Criminals have even made guns inside maximum security prisons. Follow the link. GUN-MAKING AS A COTTAGE INDUSTRY   You are absolutely correct!  Why should criminals care if guns are illegal -- especially if they are already outlaws?! :P  US States that concealed weapons actually have lower crime rates. Do you know why? It's because the criminals know that their "victim" could potentially defend him/herself.
*****************************************  This is an extract of an National Public Radio (NPR) interview between a female broadcaster and US Army Lieutenant General Reinwald about sponsoring a Boy Scout Troop on his military installation.  Interviewer: "So, LTG Reinwald, what are you going to do with these young boys on their adventure holiday?"  LTG Reinwald: "We're going to teach them climbing, canoeing, archery, and shooting."  Interviewer: "Shooting! That's a bit irresponsible, isn't it?"  LTG Reinwald: "I don't see why, they'll be properly supervised on the range."  Interviewer: "Don't you admit that this is a terribly dangerous activity to be teaching children?"  LTG Reinwald: "I don't see how, we will be teaching them proper range discipline before they even touch a firearm."  Interviewer: "But you're equipping them to become violent killers."  LTG Reinwald: "Well, you're equipped to be a prostitute, but you're not one, are you?"  End of the interview *****************************************  A perfect example of being equiped to do something and actually deciding to carry it out.   Law abiding people are not going to commit murder just because they own guns.  Women are not going to be prostitutes just because they are equiped to become one.  Ban guns? = Same logic to ban women from having sex, just because some of them can become prostitutes.
"I don't care if people visit prostitutes"-VOR  You should be concered about women who use their bodies illegally and the men who use them.  You should be concred about felons who use guns illegally and the people who are thier victims.  " I can save lives by banning guns thereby benefit society." -VOR  There is no benefit to society if you ban guns from people with no criminal intent.
"....probably...." -vor  Your guessing again.  I am fully equiped to rob banks and hold off a swat team. Do I?  Your fully equiped to rape women? Do you?  It is about intent. I don't have any intent to rob banks or hold off a swat team, ever! Then there is no need to make my weapons illegal.  The same way it is not necessary to make your pe*ker illegal, just because you "may" rape in the future.
Hefner? 1st Amendment.  Heston? 2nd Amendment.  You don't have the 1st Amendment, unless you have armed citizens with the 2nd Amendment.
I just can't hold back any longer. This guy Kelvin is really making a fool out of Voice of reason (a joke in itself)! Lies never have held up in the face of truth, but obviously that doesn't deter some. Of course, law abiding citizens should never be able to carry guns. Think about it, if some did then his Marxist icons such as Stalin, Mao, Pot, Minh, etc. would not have been able to murder millions and establish the "peace" that he advocates. The murders of millions of innocents by that sick ideology is I guess what he refers to "saving lives by banning guns..."
First off. Mass murder, Marxist genocide, first amendment, and second amendment is going off thread.  Please respond to why citizens who have no intent to commit any crimes whatsoever with firearms should be forced to give them up or restricted to thier purchase.  OK to be guilty of going off thread here myself: ********************** Mass murder in Austraila: Mentally ill and civilians with violence problems killing people.  Mass murder by Marxist: An organized government killing millions in genocide.  One is a civil crime. The other is a crime against humanity. You are trying to confuse the issue VOR. Cops in Austraila go after thier murders. There are no cops to patrolling the streets to arrest Marxist murderes. *********************** Now please start a new thread and think about INTENT to commit crime in the next post.
Oh ok, now I understand VOR. Murder is only bad when it happens in mass? The truth is that the crime rate (including murder) in Austrailia and England for that matter has INCREASED since the confiscation began. On the other hand, why do you think that Hitler did not invade Switzerland? Because he would have gotten his a** kicked! Switzerland has a low murder rate primarily because its one of the last European countries where self defense is not illegal (owning weapons is mandatory). Tell me something, if you're honest about your intent (to prevent death) are you also on the front lines to outlaw cars and swimming pools? After all, they kill people too (magnitudes more than firearms).
"This is absurd. Cars serve a useful purpose we need them for transportation. It's also kind of hard to ban water. It's impractical." -VOR  He meant pools, not the water. The whole point was to show you how absurd you think that guns are as dangerous as you think. You bigger problems to worry about getting killed over than by another gun. The energy you put into gun violence is better served by saving people who will drown in pools and die in car accidents. If danger is the only requirement you need to ban something, then cars are higher on the list than guns.  Guns do have a usefull purpose. See the thread on Genocide and <<<<  http://www.joplinglobe.com/archives/2001/010802/oped/story2.html  If it were not the private ownership of guns in 1941, you would be speaking Japanese if you live on the Westcoast, German if you live on the Eastcoast.  Your still skipping the question of intent.   Eventhough I admit MIS is taking you off tread.
Originally posted by voiceofreason  People swim and drown in water whether it's a lake, an ocean, or a swimming pool. Why ban swimming pools? People will still be able swim and drown in other bodies of water.What should we do? Drain the lakes? How do we drain the ocean? It's impractical. It's an absurd comparison. It's also impractical to ban cars as I've pointed out.  "If it were not the private ownership of guns in 1941, you would be speaking Japanese if you live on the Westcoast, German if you live on the Eastcoast." That's assuming a lot- that's assuming our enemies could defeat our military. And remember we were the first to develop nuclear weapons. Do you think they could have defeated a nation armed with most powerful and destructive weapons in the world?    Again you miss the point with pools. It is about the perceived danger. You are more at risk from driving your car from other cars, than you are sitting at a restaurant with me packing a 45 in the next table.  In 1941 the USA did not have the atom bomb. In 1941 Americans were very much afraid of loosing the war. In 1941 the Germans and Japanese were the superior military forces in the world. In 1941 Japan and Germany were in the top 5 military forces in the world. The USA was about 12 or 15. The only thing that saved the day in December 1941 was the perceived danger of private citizens shooting at Japanese soldiers from thier kitchen window.  You assume your superior posture based on todays military might of the USA which is totaly false and assume that the USA was just as strong in 1941.
Originally posted by voiceofreason  You are just guessing. Anyway, private ownership of guns did not prevent the Japanese from attacking Pearl Harbor.    "Someone at the table asked a Japanese admiral why, with the Pacific Fleet devastated at Pearl Harbor and the mainland U.S. forces in what Japan had to know was a pathetic state of unreadiness, Japan had not simply invaded the West Coast.  The Japanese commander frankly answered the question. "You are right," he told the Americans. "We did indeed know much about your preparedness. We knew that every second home in your country contained firearms. We knew that your country actually had state championships for private citizens shooting military rifles. We were not fools to set foot in such quicksand."  The words from the Japanese admiral himself. The Japanese admiral was afraid of the private guns in Hawaii, the fear of the guns was enough to prevent invasion.  I am not guessing. Your sticking your head in the sand in face of the evidence.
How about intent? Answer the question about intent? Is it fair to take weapons away from someone who will not use them in a crime? This thread was started about intent.  Sorry, I don't even have to ask the question. I alredy know you want to take guns away from God fearing law abiding citizens.
Originally posted by voiceofreason  "This is from a story recently passed down to me...." http://www.joplinglobe.com/archives/2001/010802/oped/story2.html  So you are basing your opinion on hearsay. Hearsay is not admissible in a court of law. You need more evidence to establish that such a conversation ever took place.    Then the Sarah Brady quote iyou used in another thread is also hersay. If I can not bring the Admiral to your face and make him say those words, then it is hearsay. If you can not bring Sarah Brady to my face, then it is also hearsay. I can also claim that the insident with the load gun and the pool manager never happened.  You logic cuts both ways.
Originally posted by voiceofreason  My post could not be used in a court of law   No it can not. It is hearsay until Sarah Brady is under oath in a court of law.   By legal definition. You quote is hearsay just like mine. You logic cuts both ways. Or do you think anti-gunner get special treatment under the law?  You continue to stick your head in the sand. I accept the event happend for Brady.  The reporter MAssad Ayoob recorded the words from Bob Menard.  Calling my evidence hersay is the same thing Neo-nazis do when they call the Holocaust a myth.   Because Massad Ayoob says it happened from his own conversation with Bob Menard: http://www.armedfemalesofamerica.com/armedcitizens.htm  "Bob had told us that he'd been aboard the USS Constellation -- he remembered the year as 1960 -- when he had been part of joint maneuvers conducted with what were by then called the Japanese Defense Forces. Over dinner and drinks, with Japanese and American naval officers talking shop, many of the World War II veterans, the question had come up, why didn't the Japanese invade what they must have recognized as the wide open West Coast of the United States at the beginning of that war?"-Massad Ayoob
First of all, everything I mentioned IS correct. Crime in Austraila and GB is increasing, in Switzerland it is mandatory for all males serving to be armed and have arms in their homes. Kelvin stole my thunder on the other debate concerning cars and pools. No, of course I wasnt referring to drinking water. The reality is is that more kids die in swimming pool accidents (and car accidents and bike accidents) than die via handguns. Unfortunately, Handgun Control, Inc. likes to pump up those numbers by including 20 yr. old gangbangers as "kids." My point is that the confiscationists justify their positions by telling us that doing it their way will save lives. If saving lives is all that matters, then why not ban cars? After all how many people die in car accidents each year ( I would think it would be in the tens of thousands, at least). You may have to walk a little further, but at least you know you won't die in a car accident. But then again, saving lives is NOT their intent and I just want one honest gun control proponent to admit it.  BTW--kelvin, I realize that this may be off thread but it is relevant to the whold gun control debate.
Originally posted by voiceofreason  The difference is that Sarah Brady's testimony would be acceptable under oath in a court of law. Ayoob's would not even if Ayoob were under oath.  I'm sure that http://www.armedfemalesofamerica.com/ is a very unbiased website.  And you accuse me of relying too much on the VPC and the Brady website.  There were millions of firsthand witnesses to the holocaust. You only provide one witness (not a firsthand one) about what took place in Japanese meetings as they discussed military strategy. How can you compare the two?    Bob Menard can be in a court of law too and swear the same thing.  Your logic cuts both ways.
VOR, you need to keep reading further on that link you sent me. That 14% figure is due to the Swiss army being reduced from 625K to 400K. If the 625K figure is used, the percentage of households with full auto weapons jumps to 22%. Also, this figure is only for FULL AUTO weapons. What about semi-auto or single shot weapons? My guess is that this percentage is higher when these are included. Also, your link mentions that ammo must be registered if bought at a store, but not if bought at a range and the overwhelming majority of ammo is bought at private ranges and the rule that the ammo must be used at the range is not inforced. Therefore essentially military ammo can be bought and posessed outside of military service. Finally it mentions that Swiss "gun control" is not the reason for the low crime rates and, granted, it also mentions that this system is not proof that more guns means less crime. However, I would think that the latter has more to do with deterring crime.  Also, concerning what I said about the Nazis not invading, from this same website,  "In World War II, Hitler wanted the Swiss gold reserves and needed free communications and transit through Switzerland to supply Axis forces in the Mediterranean. But when military planners looked at Switzerland's well-armed citizenry, mountainous terrain, and civil defense fortifications, Switzerland lost its appeal as an invasion target."  Also,  "The experience of Swiss history has made national independence and power virtually synonymous with an armed citizenry."  And a few more tidbits... "In a nation of six million people, there are at least two million guns, including 600,00 fully automatic assault rifles, half a million pistols, and numerous machine guns. Virtually every home has a gun" (Now that answers the questions about the inclusion of the non-full auto weapons, so 33% of households have guns)  "Thus, Handgun Control's assertion that all Swiss guns are registered is just plain wrong, and its claim that "Switzerland and Israel strictly control handgun availability" is more than a little inaccurate. "  "Yet the only individuals who are "restricted" from buying handguns are children, the insane and ex-criminals."  you can read at: http://www.asa-training.com/switzerland.html  Now with respect to Ms. Brady. Her father had been shot in the head, obviously she is going to react emotionally. I, like others, am still waiting for her to explain why law abiding citizens should not be allowed to have guns. Also, lets not overlook the fact that she bought her son a shotgun for his birthday. In other words, "Gun control for thee, but not for me"  enough for now...
What I've done is provide proof that Switzerland doesn't have very restrictive gun control laws as you claimed. At least thats not my idea of restrictive gun control. Also, it certainly doesn't support your claim that we need to ban guns! This link was from the web page that you referred me to. The fact that American Rifleman is affiliated with a group that you hate doesn't necessarily make the content untrue. If every time a website that refutes what you say is quoted and is immediately dismissed as somehow "right wing" or "pro-NRA" or whatever, then this debate is pointless. Also, this euphemism keeps coming up, "reasonable and sensible gun-control laws." What exactly are "reasonable and sensible gun contol laws?" I see the label, but I never see whats inside. Can you give me an example of one of these laws that doesn't inhibit the law abiding citizen? Or even just one of these laws at all? Registration?--won't stop criminals. Licensing?--won't stop criminals. Trigger locks?--criminals don't use 'em. I don't think that Eric Harris or Dylan Klebold would have stopped to think: "Gee, I can't slaughter all these people, my gun is registered!" Also can you tell me what is wrong with the "Eddie Eagle" program? This is targeted at kids with the message: If you see a gun, don't touch, leave the area and go tell an adult! To me, that seems sensible, but I doubt that Ms. Brady would be willing to back it (in fact, I know she doesn't and to my knowledge, none of the confiscationists do). Why not? Because this program is affiliated with a group that she hates, the NRA. If she is truly concerned about safety, why wouldn't she be willing to work with the NRA? It seems that gun safety to her and other groups (i.e. Americans for Gun Safety) means no guns in the hands of private citizens, period. Also, if you feel you need to, go ahead and quote from one of their websites. It will be judged on content and not on origin.
Also, I almost forgot,  "Gun crime in London is rocketing, with increases of almost 90% in some firearms offenses, Scotland Yard reported today. New figures show London murders with guns increased by 87% in the first eight months of the year compared with the same period last year." ---The London Evening Standard 12/19/01  "Police fear a new crime explosion as school-age muggers graduate to guns...the number of people robbed of personal property at gunpoint rose by 53%..." --The Daily Telegraph 1/3/02
Uh huh...  How about the "reasonable and sensible gun control laws?"
Originally posted by dsadevil  OK, I just want to respond to something a little while back. I rarely post in the gun control debates, but I'm bored.  The whole "cars kill people too, why don't we ban cars?" argument is clearly fallacious. The purpose of a car is not to kill someone/thing with, it is for transportation. If it is misused, it can kill, but as y'all claim, that applies to anything. The key difference with guns is that the primary and really sole purpose of guns is to kill something with. No one carries them for aeshtitic appeal. Is it true some people carry them for defense? Sure, but its defense on the premise that you can kill someone who attacks you, or at least deter them via threat of death. This isn't to take sides in this debate, I don't want to. But I have heard this argument made many times before, and it is getting annoying because it is clearly invalid.    Please read up a few posts. The one point of the analogy is to compare risk. The reality is the fear that many anti-gunners have in relation to the actual risk is unfair. If you are afraid of guns, look again, you have bigger problems.
Actually dsa, the purpose of the car analogy was to take the anti-gunners' argument to its logical conclusion. The argument goes: "since people have died from guns and we want to save lives, then we must ban guns." Well, doesn't it stand to reason that something that causes much more death and carnage than guns should also be banned? Now I'm learning that saving lives is not the driving force behind the anti gunners argument (incidentally, this is the admission that I had asked for a few posts ago and now am finally getting) but rather some perceived intent. The intent of my gun is whatever I intend to do with it, be it target shooting, hunting, putting a trigger lock on it and throwing away the key and keeping it for show, or self defense or defense of my family. I seriously hope that someone out there is not going to engage in an argument that I do not have a right to self defense! Yes, I could kill in self defense or defense of family but if that means that me or one of my loved ones could otherwise die then why is that wrong? Most often all that has to be done is someone brandishing a weapon to deter a crime and again, why is that wrong? If a gun is misused (by violating someone else's rights) by a criminal then they will be dealt with according to the law. They want to take away the guns of law abiding citizens who have never killed anyone and have no intention of killing anyone (except possibly self defense)all because of some perceived intent of the weapon? To me it seems more like an elitist distrust of good "common" people.
Originally posted by dsadevil  [B We license people to use cars, provide mandatory training, enforce safety standards ("street-legal" cars), and register who owns what car. Why can't we do this for guns, if the two are so comparable? [/B]   Because the rights to firearms are bestowed by God. Not by a king, not by a government, not by a judge, not by a group of men. The right to firearms are given to you in the same way as the right to reproduce, the right of freedom of thought, the right of speech, the right to vote.  The privildge to drive is given by the state.
The right to vote, the right to firearms, the right to life, the right to liberity.  They are not "GIVEN" by a government. You have them, they are not subject to debate, negotiation, or bargining. The Bill of Rights do not give you any rights. They only name them.  When "God" is used by political philosphers, it means that there is a higher authority than the government. When "God" gives you the rights, it means that the authority of the state is limited by a higher authority.  The government can not pass laws to control what I think. There is a higher authority that gave my the right to think what I want. No law can be made to limit what I think.  I have the right to protect my life in self defense. The government has no right to say that it is legal to use a knife but not a gun to save my life. The right to self-preservation is a God given right.  The right to vote is a God given right. The government does not have any right to limit full citizens the right to vote. Right is mine and not subject to debate.  Driving is a privilege and is limited and granted by the state.  Plus firearms through history and around the world are politcal power. Driving a car is not.
Thats just it, the Second Amendment. Keeping and bearing arms is a right, driving is not. You cannont license a right.
Originally posted by dsadevil  The fact that guns can yield political influence makes the argument no stronger. A nuke yields political influence.    I will not give up my right to vote. I will not give up my firearms. I consider people taking my right to firearms as dangers as people trying to take away my right to vote.  In other places around the world, firearms are much more important than the right to vote. There are people around the world trying to get a chance to vote by using firearms to establish a system where they can use the right to vote.  For self-preservation? I will use a bazooka if there is tank comming down the street. The immediate threat I am thinking of is a felon with bare hands on parole. That is exactly what the anti-gunners are trying to limit me from doing. Limit my right to self-preservation from a felon on parole. If you read the other threads, especially from VOR, you will see he is about confiscation not gun regulation. I have asked many anti-gunners about confiscation, when they point to models of UK and Austraila I shudder. Those countries are not about regulation, they are about confiscation.
"...The right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed." The operative phrase here is "the people."  Amendment 1 mentions "the people" Amendment 2 mentions "the people" Amendment 4 mentions "the people" Amendment 9 mentions "the people" Amendment 10 mentions "the people" Now, I have never heard even the most staunch supporter of the "collective" theory of the second amendment ever challenge the meaning of the phrase "the people" in amendments 1,4,9 and 10. Clearly, it refers to the individual. The phrase "the people" in the second amendment suddenly refers to the "collective?" I don't think that this is what the founders had in mind. The problem with anything "collective" (such as collective property in the Soviet Union) is that it belong to everyone at once in theory, but only to the government in practice. Thus it is not a genuine right. The second amendment was written to protect the citizenry against the tyranny of government. Those who support the notion that the second amendment refers to the national guard don't seem to realize that the national guard can be federalized and become an arm of the U.S. government. What good would that do against a tyrannical government? With regard to the militia, United States Code (USC) Title 10-Armed forces: a)"The militia of the United States consists of all able bodied males at least 17 years of age and, except as provided in section 313 of title 32 under 45 years of age who are, or who have made a declaration of intention to become, citizens of the United States and of female citizens of the United States who are commissioned officers of the National Guard" b)"The classes of the militia are -- (1) the organized militia, which consists of the National Guard and the Naval Militia; and (2) the unorganized militia, which consists of the members of the militia who are not members of the National Guard or Naval Militia." Regarding the "unorganized militia" the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in Presser v. Illinois that, "It is undoubtedly true that all citizens capable of bearing arms constitute the reserved military force or reserve militia of the United States as well as of the States." "And that the said constitution be never construed to authorize congress...to prevent the people of the United States, who are peaceable citizens, from keeping and bearing their own arms..." -- Samuel Adams, delegate, First and Second Continental Congress. "A militia, when properly formed, are in fact the people themselves... and include all men capable of bearing arms." --Richard Henry Lee, Senator, First Congress "I ask, Sir, what is the militia, it is the whole people, except for a few public officials." -- George Mason, delegate, Constitutional Convention The collective theorists like to point to U.S. v. Miller but even this doesn't offer any support for the "collective right" nor does it mention the national guard. Even constitutional legal scholar Lawrence Tribe (not exactly a conservative in anyones book) admits this. Also, regarding U.S. v. Emerson, the Fifth Circuit concluded: "we reject the collective rights and sophisticated collective rights models for interpreting the Second Amendment. We hold, consistent with Miller, that it protects the right of individuals, including those not actually a member of any militia or engaged in active military service or training, to privately possess and bear their own firearms, such as the pistol involved here, that are suitable as personal, individual weapons and are not of the general kind or type excluded by Miller."
Originally posted by dsadevil    What you CONSIDER to be on equal planes doesn't make them, by default, on equal planes. If I decide that my right to drive is as precious to me as my right to vote, that doesn't make it so from a general standpoint.    You have NO right to drive. It is an activity that is licensed by the state. Rights are yours and are not licensed.
Originally posted by dsadevil  Why don't I have a right to drive? What objective standard are you using to determine what I do and do not have a right to do?    You do not have a right to drive. No one does. Driving is not a right. The state does not owe it to you to give you a license to drive. The activity of driving is a priveldge granted by the state, not a right.  Rights are not regulated by government. You have them and no earthly authority can take it away from you. The state never gave me my rights, I already had them, nor do I have to ask for permission to exercise them.
With regard to the phrase "well regulated militia", it refers more to the readiness and ability than government authority to dictate what kind of arms the citizenry can possess. You are correct to point out that the citizen militia is to serve as a "back up army" for the defense of the country. Incidentally, I don't know why the govt would want to strictly limit the type of arms the citizenry can possess if we're being invaded. The "back up army" scenario isn't the entire story though. Yes, we would take up arms against a foreign invader that threatened our lives and liberty. But why should it be restricted to a foreign threat? The most inalienable of all rights is that of self preservation and preservation of liberty. We fought the War of Independence because of the tyranny of the crown (just read the Declaration of Independence). Speaking of the Declaration of Independence, I quote: "But when a long Train of Abuses and Usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object, evinces a Design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their Right, it is their Duty, to throw off such Government and to provide new Guards for their future Security." If the govt would usurp the rights of the people then of course we have the right to take up arms against it! You are also correct about Emerson that basically outlaws sawed off shotguns. Do I agree with this? No. Do I think it sets a bad precedent? Yes. This advances the agenda of those that wish to institute an incremental gun ban. Any decision that DENIES the right of the individual to keep and bear arms is an activist decision.
Originally posted by dsadevil   With regards to the need to be able to overthrow an unjust government, this is true to an extent. But it would be much easier if every fifth person owned tactical nukes, and I don't see that advocacy from any pro-gunner. There needs to be a BALANCE, and a balance is all I ask for.     Balance? You are at the same point I was a few years ago. It has become an all or nothing fight at this point. VOR is the perfect example. Look to his models of what the USA should do. All anti-gunners point to the UK and Austraila for support. Well they thier anti-gunners also masquaraded as gun control and reason. What do they have now? GUN CONFISCATION!  VOR claims to be about gun control. He may even believe it himself. When the political momentum gets going, just like in the UK and Austraila, it will be about GUN CONFISCATION.  Canada is working to register all the guns in the country as the first step in confiscation.
Sigh...  I give you, from The Federalist, Alexander Hamilton... "To oblige the great body of the yeomanry, and of the other classes of the citizens, to be under arms for the purpose of going through military exercises and evolutions, as often as might be necessary to acquire the degree of perfection which would entitle them to the character of a WELL-REGULATED MILITIA.."  Does this sound like he is saying, "the government can dictate to anyone what kind of arms that they can own?" No. You mention that "conservatives" have an annoying tendancy to label activist decisions as activist. Well, liberals have an annoying tendancy to tell us that what isn't in the Constitution really is and that what is there, the Founders didn't mean. Give it a rest already. Even if there were no second amend, the ninth amendment already guarantees my right to keep and bear arms.  Also another annoying tendancy of liberals is to label anyone who disagrees with them as "conservative"
Originally posted by dsadevil  In that case, I am awaiting your post on the necessity of legalizing private ownership of tactical nuclear weapons. Otherwise, a balance is certainly needed, and the question is where to draw the line.    Today modern military assault weapons are M-16s and AK-47s. When the constitution was written modern was a musket.  The next dictator that this country will see will also be using modern military weapons. The militia will need modern military weapns to fight for freedom. If that means nukes, then so be it.
 bunch of drunk, untrained wackos possessing Muskets   yeah, this is how many anti-gunners see law abiding gun owners  "well-regulated" IS THERE, and it means WELL-REGULATED. You're the one playing semantical games trying to twist the text around, not me   Proving my point, this is saying, "this is what I think it is and therefore thats what it means. What the founders meant be damned..."  The Constitution is not a living document, it is to be interpreted as it was written.  The ninth amendment states: "The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people. "  Hamilton was against the Bill of Rights on the grounds that the government could infringe on peoples' rights because they weren't specifically enumerated in the Bill of Rights. Madison put it in there to basically placate Hamilton. Plainly the ninth states that just because a certain right may not be enumerated, doesn't mean it doesn't exist. In other words if there was no second, I still retain the right to keep and bear arms even though it is not specifically enumerated. This is also why I believe the "war on drugs" is unconstitutional and also why I think prostitution should be legal. But thats another subject....   the whole creation of rights deal that you blasted above ("liberals have an annoying tendancy to tell us that what isn't in the constitution really is") and pretty much say that judicial activism doesn't exist b/c all these rights that are "created" are actually contained within the 9th amendment.   Rights are not created, they are inalienable (they are "endowed by their creator..."). The Bill of Rights doesn't grant "rights" to government, only people. What I mentioned about the liberals refers only to government powers not granted by the constitution. The decisions that I label "activist" are those decisions where the court is granting powers to the government that I believe do not exist. Incidentally, the general welfare clause is another good example of where liberals (and many conservatives, quite frankly) are misinterpreting the constitution.   a pro-gunner with the SN of "marxismismurder" conservative was a pretty safe bet. You don't see many liberals in that mold.   I believe in a strict interpretation of the Constitution, this makes me neither a liberal or conservative. The SN was inspired by VOR who kept signing his posts with quotes from Karl Marx.  Umm...my apologies   accepted.   With regards to the need to be able to overthrow an unjust government, this is true to an extent   If you're willing to accept this, doesn't that in a way contradict the gun control theory of "well regulated militia?" In other words the founders knew the importance of the citizenry militia against encroachments of the goverment, but then gave the government the power to make the encroachments easier by disarming the citizenry? Can you point me to any gun control laws of the likes of today that were enacted during the Revolutionary War?
I see UNTRAINED gun-owners in that light sure   I don't want to dwell on this, but what exactly is your implication? Anyone that owns a gun and doesn't have the "proper" training is a drunk? I don't own a gun but if someday I do, I will get training. Its the responsible thing to do and I'll do it not because I'm being forced by the government, but because it is in my self interest. If I misuse the gun, with or without proper training, I could be in some serious trouble.  Well-regulated = Well-regulated. Communitative Property of mathamatics and logic (a=a, or if a=b, then b=a). It has nothing to do with what I or the founders thought.    Cute, but original intent does matter. They wrote it and they wrote it for a reason. If it didn't matter, the constitution would be meaningless.  I buy the living document stance more. E.G., the government can create an Air Force, despite the fact that the founders never envisioned that, because the constitution adopts to modern circumstances.    No, the Air Force is part of the national defense. National defense is one of those powers originally delegated to the federal government by the people.  the right to an abortion, and the right to privacy   correct. In fact, I've never understood those (primarily conservatives) who like to point out, "there is no right to privacy in the constitution." They have not figured out that the constitution limits government, not people. They should read the fourth and the ninth. Hell, they should read the whole thing for once.  because the constitution adopts to modern circumstances.   Nobody will deny that there are times that the constitution might need to be changed "to adopt modern circumstances" but it has to be done via the amendment process that the founders took the time to outline. Not only is this the legal way but the democratic way. It cannot be done by judicial fiat.  I am merely pointing out the hypocrisy of labeling decisions activists b/c they create rights not found in the constitution, yet saying even rights not enumerated in the constitution still exist and need to be protected.    Again, the decisions I'm referring to as "activist" are those that are granting powers to the government that are not enumerated. Thats why I mentioned that any decision that DENIES the right to keep and bear arms is "activist" because thats equivalent to granting the government a power that is not enumerated. The Bill of Rights doesn't grant rights to government, only limits it, and grants rights to the people.  We need to balance the right to revolt against an unjust govt. with the problems created when everyone owns assualt rifles and bazookas   what problems are those? The same problems we have now when people misuse firearms? It doesn't matter if its a bazooka or a single shot .22, if it is misused in a crime then the perp is dealt with harshly. Law abiding citizens are not going to misuse their firearms and those with criminal records are already banned from owning guns.  I can come close. 1791 Militia act, mandated registration of firearms.    I can't find anything in the Act that even remotely comes close to a federal registration database. If I am called in service to the country (which is what the Act was written for) and if my commanding officer wants to check my weapon and even wants to make note of what I have (which they can do) then fine. But, even this is only done at the state level. If I have not been called in service to the country then nobody is going to come to my door asking to check my weapons. But this is precisely what Shumer, Feinstein et al. are pushing for. Also, I've never heard the anti-gunners in the house or senate ever invoke this act to justify their agendas.  With that, I give you the last word.
Originally posted by dsadevil    Why is it not a right? Why wasn't that "God given"? What objective standard are you using to say what rights God gave us, and what are regulatable privilidges? I say driving is my God given right, and gun ownership is a priviledge.    That is a very sad attitude. Thank of all the men and women who have died to assure the protection of your rights. Driving is a modern convenience, not a right. DON'T EVER CONFUSE the two. Too many men and women have died to assure your rights. You diminish thier sacrafice, how sad.
Originally posted by dsadevil  I am merely asking for an objective standard to determine what is and is not a "god-given right." And you STILL have yet to provide one.    Sorry. The most basic human right is violated by gun control. My right to self-preservation.  Basic human rights can be tought of as anything that human as an animal is entilted to them by nature.  The right to reproduce. The right to your thoughts. The right to speak your mind. The right to control your destiny. The right to self-preservation.  Communist and liberals incorrectly interpret some rights:  Like to right to afforadable healthcare. God will want you to take care of your health as best you can, but He does not want your medical bill.  The right to protection. Go would wish you to be safe. He does not owe it to you to protect you from criminals. No one is on the hook the protect you from criminals. Not the government, not the police, not your neighbors. You can not sue the government, the police, or your neighbors if they fail to protect you from crime.  The right to drive. You have all the rights to control your freedom of movement. You have to right to go where you wish. God does not owe it to you to assure you own a car or that you have a right to drive a car. God does not owe it to you to make sure roads are built and safe, that Ford incorporates saftey features in cars. Go where you wish. God does not owe to you that you get there in a car.
If more gun-control means more lives saved then more gun-control means more self preservation.  But gun control doesn't mean more lives saved so therefore, your entire statement is wrong.  Your idea of gun control works ONLY in an ideal world. In your ideal world, everyone will give up their guns for the good of society. In this world, we will go back and forget that guns ever existed outside of the military. Thus, there will be no shooting deaths because no one has possession of a gun.  However, your utopia cannot exist because of the human tendancy to seek power. Marx thought that if everyone became equal, there would be no problems, and everyone could live together in perfect harmony. However, when everyone tried to live together, there was a group who tried to rise up and gain more power. In the end, people began to realize that Marx's ideas would not work because there would be an elite few who would attempt to screw everyone else over.  Gun control would produce the same results. The people would be the law-abiding citizens, and that elite few would be the criminals. The criminals, realizing that the rest of the people have no guns, would then attain guns through illegal means. They could then use their guns against the innocent law-abiding citizens, who have given up their guns and now have no equal force to resist with. It will become like prohibition with guns instead of alcohol.
Originally posted by voiceofreason  And he has still yet to provide one.     Hmmm.   "Basic human rights can be tought of as anything that human as an animal is entilted to them by nature." - 3 posts above.
Originally posted by voiceofreason  OK.... Well, that standard doesn't show that gun ownership is a God-given right. I don't know of any animals that own guns. Also I think that I would have a better chance at preserving myself if I lived in a society that had more gun-control. Look at Canada- it has less homicide and less gun violence than the US and more gun-control. So I don't see how gun-control interferes with self-preservation.    You don't see how gun-control interferes with self-preservatlion?  Hmmmm? OK, simple. I want to defend myself with a handgun. I really can't if I don't have one do I.  Sure you can defend yourself in a gun free society such as Canada. I want to defend myself with a gun when the felons only have knives. I really can't do that if I don't have a gun do I. Your responsible for your own protection, not me.
Originally posted by voiceofreason  Does gun-control violate any basic rights? Let's look at some areas of the US that have very strict gun-control laws. In Morton Grove, Illinois the local leaders decided to pass a law which    That's not gun control. That is property confiscation.
Originally posted by voiceofreason    Washington D.C. also passed a handgun ban. In 1987 a D.C. court ruled that-     That is in 1987. Check this board for more recent information.
Originally posted by voiceofreason  What more recent information? The most recent court ruling about the second amendment is from the 9th circuit court. Somebody challenged California's assault weapons ban and the court ruled the ban is not unconstitutional because there is no individual right to keep and bear arms. (Silveira v. Lockyer)    Thanks.   Yes you are right about the 9th circuit court. I believe YOU and I have already discussed the 9th circuit court.  I believe YOU and I have already discussed events in Washington DC much more recent than 2002.
To quote Scott Adams:  WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU!!!!???  Actually to an anti-gunner than equilivant slander and propagada is perfectly logical.  Please see how the NRA is equated with the KKK by an anti-gunner:  "In an animated history send-up, with the narrator talking rapidly, Bowling equates the NRA with the Klan, suggesting NRA was founded in 1871, "the same year that the Klan became an illegal terrorist organization." Bowling goes on to depict Klansmen becoming the NRA and an NRA character helping to light a burning cross."  http://www.liberalvalues.org.nz/archive/civil_liberties/bowling_for_columbine_fiction.html
Except prostitution isn't even in the same league as murder. a prostitute withe aids will kill more people than my ak47 ever has
a prostitute withe aids will kill more people than my ak47 ever has  And more people have died from anti-gun Senator Ted Kennedy's driving than will ever die from my AR-15.
And more people have died from anti-gun Senator Ted Kennedy's driving than will ever die from my AR-15. yeah definatly!
Ok, so you are aboard an airplane full of people heading to New York or any major city in the United States. Would you be comfortable knowing that someone who wants to crash the plane can legally bring a gun on board, thus making it easier for him to follow through with his plan? Or would you rather make it more difficult for him to hijack the plane? Your choice.  I have faith in my fellow man. I believe in the ability of good citizens to control their own destiny. I believe that good and free citizens can and will stand up and do what is right, even at great sacrifice to themselves. I believe that good citzens can take care of themselves just fine without the government. If all that sounds right to you, then you have no other option then to allow good citzens to arm themselves on planes. No matter how crazy it sounds. If you believe in good and freemen doing the right thing and changing your ideas just for a special case; then you lack moral integrity. Moral integrity means you do the right thing, there are no special cases that allow people with moral integrity to change. You can revise your ideas when you realize they are wrong, but there are no special cases that allow you to change and still keep your moral integrity.  100 people on a plane. There is going to be at least one good citizen in hiding waiting for the right time to put 2 shots to the body and 1 to the head of a terrorist. In typical concealed firearm states, typical licensing is 1 in 5 citizens, up to 50% depending on geography, and of course much less elsewhere. Citizens who carry religiously are 1 in 20. Citizens who carry religiously typicaly train a lot. Many of the good citizens I meet at the range train harder and more than street cops. Yes we are few in number. You can bet that those who carry religiously are out there.
Are you willing to take that chance though? I would rather not take the chance and have a terrorist with a boxcutter than one with a gun.  As I have said. I believe in free and good citizens to be able to take care of themselves in the street and at home. I do not change that opinion for a special case, to do so would be lack of moral fortitude.  Do you or do you not believe in free and good citizens to be able and should be able to take care of themselves. Or do make a special case just for airplanes.
Yes, in fact I do makes a special case for airplanes    Phewww... I was beginning to think that I was the only intelligent one on this gun control thread.  Then you lack more fortitude.
Anyone who wants to legalize bringing a weapon onto a plane is an idiot. Simply stated...  Always Stay Open Minded  You have conviced no one or even come remotely to forming an argument.
Thats because its not even worth arguing over. Just like its not worth arguing with a Nazi about whether or not Jews are inferior. Its such a stupid position that its not worth any time.   Your view that passengers should carry deadly weapons on board a plane is absolutely retarded. I'm sorry, it just is. I shouldnt be wasting time debating you on this non-issue, but for some odd reason I am.  Let me clarify your misunderstanding. I do not believe good citizens should carry firearms for protection. They should be ALLOWED if they want to. That is the purest form of freedom, being allowed to decide for yourself.  Again, to clarify your misunderstanding. I do not believe the government sould prohibt the behavior. Again the most purest form of freedom, being not prohibited. The airlines can decide for themselves if they want customers to have a firearm on thier PRIVATE property. The airlines are not public, they are private. You can not force another person or corporation to do something they do not want to do. Forcing someone to do something against thier will is textbook slavery. I would not want pro-gun owners to force airlines to accept passengers with guns.  When an airline decides not to have passengers carry firearms, then I will find another airline, or take another option. We do not need to government to step in. The airlines know what is good for themselves. If they start to loose passengers because they gun bans, then that is too bad. It is thier choice. If airlines get more passengers with banned guns, then so be it. If all the others airlines follow suit, so be it. That is the purest form of freedom. Everyone decides what is best for themselves. If a gun owner wants to carry a gun and all the airlines ban them. So be it, the gun owner is out of luck. That is the purest form of freedom.   In my case there is no moral dilemma, there is no special case, there is no violation of anyones rights.  The last posts do not even come close to an argument. All you have is "your and idiot" and "that is retarded".  Please convince me I am wrong without a moral delimma, a special case, or a violation of anyones rights.
I used to live in Utah which is a very pro-gun state and according to statistics only about 2% of residents of Utah have a license to carry a concealed weapon so I find your statistics quite hard to believe. There is no good reason to believe that guns makes us safer on the ground so why do you think guns will make us safer on an airplane?  Hey VOR:  I have not read all the post today, so I may have missed it. What is your opinion that Love still has her gun? It's been a few years, maybe she has upgraded to a M-16 since then.
Thats because its not even worth arguing over. Just like its not worth arguing with a Nazi about whether or not Jews are inferior. Its such a stupid position that its not worth any time.   Your view that passengers should carry deadly weapons on board a plane is absolutely retarded. I'm sorry, it just is. I shouldnt be wasting time debating you on this non-issue, but for some odd reason I am.   I hope you respond to this. I know you have kissed this group good bye.   Thus you base your opinion on emotions rather than reason. Even if you don't respond, other anti-gunners are reading this and will learn that gun control is all about emotion of feeling right not the reason of being right.
I have faith in my fellow man. I believe in the ability of good citizens to control their own destiny. I believe that good and free citizens can and will stand up and do what is right, even at great sacrifice to themselves. I believe that good citzens can take care of themselves just fine without the government. If all that sounds right to you, then you have no other option then to allow good citzens to arm themselves on planes. No matter how crazy it sounds. If you believe in good and freemen doing the right thing and changing your ideas just for a special case; then you lack moral integrity. Moral integrity means you do the right thing, there are no special cases that allow people with moral integrity to change. You can revise your ideas when you realize they are wrong, but there are no special cases that allow you to change and still keep your moral integrity.  100 people on a plane. There is going to be at least one good citizen in hiding waiting for the right time to put 2 shots to the body and 1 to the head of a terrorist. In typical concealed firearm states, typical licensing is 1 in 5 citizens, up to 50% depending on geography, and of course much less elsewhere. Citizens who carry religiously are 1 in 20. Citizens who carry religiously typicaly train a lot. Many of the good citizens I meet at the range train harder and more than street cops. Yes we are few in number. You can bet that those who carry religiously are out there.     HERE! HERE!    This is the core of the argument.... Liberty or prohibition.... Government Schools, Liberal Media, liberals all try to paint this picture of dependancy that unfortunatly have taken root. Freemen of this world know that there is only one option and that is liberty. Liberty minded individuals believe in the capabilities of men and women to be self-responsible, self reliant, self-dependant.     Who's the Boss of you?
and someone with good intentions would... stop them.  some planes can hold hundreds of passengers. the vast majority of them would want to STOP hijackings, not commit them.
Zeth,    - Ten terrorists simply [...]  Always Stay Open Minded   What is so simple about it? How does terrorist having guns make it simple for them to shoot someone who has one too? How is simple that when a terrorist has a gun that they can suddenly see through clothing to see which passenger is carrying a gun? It is no simple matter to watch your back aboard a plane even if you have a gun. I assure you the good citizen is not going to play fair when they are dealing with terrorist. They are going to attack from concealment and from behind.  It is not about your trust. It is about freemen allowed to control thier own destiny. Lack of trust is not a good enough reason to restrict someones rights. You must be able to prove guilt beyond a reasonable doubt before you start to take rights away from a person.  "Crazy" is not a good enough reason to restrict a persons rights. Only 1 group of people have thier rights automatically taken away: convicted criminals.  The legally insane and spouse batters also get their rights taken away. The insane after a judge declares them insane. Wife abusers only after a judge says so. NEVER before.
remember that well trained terrorist that are willing to die are an expensive and limited resource. The terrorists don't have the time or money to waste on 10% chances. If the terrorists DID fight all their battles with only 10% chance of winning, then they will exhaust their resources very quickly.  From a strategic point of view, they would be better suited to committing their resources to more successful.   Oh, and a group of Muslims in full battle gear won't get on a plane either way. Terrorists have to blend in until the moment they strike. If their attack is detected before they spring into action, its chances of success are minimized. Likewise, John Q "gun toting" Public gets to conceal the fact that he's packing heat on the airplane until the right moment (assuming he maintains presence of mind), so a conspicuous set of attackers is an advantage to the Good-Doers
Also remember that Americans are a limited and valued resource. If the terrorists succeeded 10% of the time, they would kill a whole lot more of us than we did them. Do you debate this?   ok, so if American's have a 90% chance of coming out on top on a Hijacking senerio (assuming all hijackings are suicidial to begin with) once it's began, you'd have to honestly beleive that hijacking attmpts would rise by 900% as a result of letting peopel bring guns on airliners.  i contend that the terrorist hijackers who want us all dead CAN NOT muster 900% more terrorists trained well enough to pull off another set of 9-11 attacks.  and even if they COULD bring 170 terrorists to bear instead of just 17, 300 million americans will survve over 170 terrorists. most exspecially if 153 of them wind up dead in the middle of their attempt. that's 153 WASTED terrorists. terrorists that were trained, that infiltrated the US, evaded detection and capture, and got on a plane and initiated their plan.  the terrorists do NOT have those kind of resources to waste. It would be a better use of their resources to shoot up schools, burn down orphanages, blow up pizza parlors, and poison water supplies.  or, actually, it would be a better use of their resources to do something CONSTRUCTIVE with their time, but thats getting off point.    also remember that the 9-11 hijackers only had a 75% success rate because some of the passengers FOUGHT BACK.
Ok, so you are aboard an airplane full of people heading to New York or any major city in the United States. Would you be comfortable knowing that someone who wants to crash the plane can legally bring a gun on board, thus making it easier for him to follow through with his plan? Or would you rather make it more difficult for him to hijack the plane? Your choice.   How many planes were crashed on 9/11 with only box cutters?  Since gun haters like to play the what if game. What if a law abiding citizen had a ccw and took out the terrorist before they crashed the planes into the WTC?  It is interesting how gun haters do not like what if games unless the game plays out the way the gun haters want it to.
Nor is the terroist going to play fair. Would you like a strategic layout of how a terrorist would do it. Ten prepared and trained terrorists are going to be able to hijack a plane vs. three or four civilians.  Would you feel secure knowing people around you had guns. I wouldn't if I was in a store much less an airplane.  The planes are buisness and their regulations for security of its customers are good. For what reason does one have to carry a gun on a plane??   Thanks for reading this  Always Stay Open Minded  What a shame. So many people have died to secure your 2nd Amendment rights and you trade them away.   If your too open minded your brains fall out.
  For what reason does one need a gun on a plane?  Surely its obvious to you that this poses far more threats than securities. Don't be stubborn.   Always Stay Open Minded  The decision to actively take your own personal defense and destiny in your own hands is a very personal decision. One that the government should not make for you.  Is it obvious that if we trade away our freedom, the terrorist have already won?
Amendment II. A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.   http://www.law.emory.edu/FEDERAL/usconst/amend.html#art-2  shall not be infringed  Therefore you should be able to take as many weapons aboard as possible.
Amendment II. A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.   http://www.law.emory.edu/FEDERAL/usconst/amend.html#art-2  shall not be infringed  Therefore you should be able to take as many weapons aboard as possible.  Airlines and business are able to regulate firearms on their property. IMHO, I think we should prohibit firearms in court houses and some PUBLIC buildings. But the government should not take our weapons.
Airlines and business are able to regulate firearms on their property. IMHO, I think we should prohibit firearms in court houses and some PUBLIC buildings. But the government should not take our weapons.  The constitution is quite clear.... it says shall not be infringed.  It doesn't say.. shall not be infringed EXCEPT       By the way I am against guns, but I'm using your laws to argue that you guys already make exceptions, therefore people who rely soley on the 2nd Ammendment have in fact ignored precedents such as that which you wrote of.
Its another thing to allow guns and put thousands of people in danger. If you want to decide your own destiny don't do it at others expense.    Should people be allowed to carry bombs on as well?  Montalban,  Airplanes didn't exist. This was before the word terrorism existed. None of the founding fathers had something this extreme in mind.  Should people be allowed to carry bombs on as well?   Always Stay Open Minded  If an airline allows guns aboard a plane:  1) Then don't get aboard. 2) Or find another airline.
The constitution is quite clear.... it says shall not be infringed.  It doesn't say.. shall not be infringed EXCEPT     By the way I am against guns, but I'm using your laws to argue that you guys already make exceptions, therefore people who rely soley on the 2nd Ammendment have in fact ignored precedents such as that which you wrote of.  You really do not understand private property do you?
You don't really seem to undestand that its a risk to national security...  ??  That is the same sentiment that the government used to intern Japanese Americans into concentration camps during WW2.
  Also for what reason does one have to carry a gun on a plane?   ?  For the same reason I carry a gun after dark to the supermarket.   To take charge of my own protection and destiny.  What do you think of Sarah Brady transfering a firearm to her son? An act she is trying to stop, that she has called the "gun show loophole"?  What do you think of Senator Fienstien's concealed handgun?  What do you think of the MMM in jail for attempted murder with a handgun?
So do you think it is OK to ignore the Constitution for national security?
The who?? The what? The where?    Wow....  You completely ignored my commentary on the 2nd Ammendment and other weapon question that I'd like to see your answer to...  Same to you buddy.
You don't really seem to undestand that its a risk to national security...  Should we be allowed to carry rocket launchers? Assault rifles? Gernades? C4?  You will not find any rocket RPGs for sale in the USA. If you do they are stolen.  Assault rifles are legal to own. They should be allowed just like handguns.  Granades same for RGPs.  C4 same as RPGs.   It does not matter if they are allowed. You will not find any for sale except for assault rifles. I would not want to carry an assault rifle for protection. You can not conceal one and you loose the element of suprise
The airplanes used on 9/11 were taken over by terrorist using box cutters, the terrorist had no guns. Were the deaths that resulted from the terrorist act on 9/11 kinder because they did not have guns? We must remember that the gun haters demanded gun free airplanes and got them. So once again I must ask did the people that died in the airplanes hijacked with box cutters die a kinder death because guns were not involved?
Hey Silent Poet:  How about that Sarah Brady and the gun show loophole? If she closes the loophole, then tries it a second time, should Sarah Brady go to jail for firearm violations?
You will not find any rocket RPGs for sale in the USA. If you do they are stolen.  Assault rifles are legal to own. They should be allowed just like handguns.  Granades same for RGPs.  C4 same as RPGs.   It does not matter if they are allowed. You will not find any for sale except for assault rifles. I would not want to carry an assault rifle for protection. You can not conceal one and you loose the element of suprise  Should we be allowed to carry rocket launchers? Assault rifles? Gernades? C4?    Actually all of the above ARE legal to own in the US.   If you can jump through all of the hoops it takes to own one then you may certainly "carry" it. If you "really" think a terrorist can get by and sneak his way though the paperwork you are mistaken.
Actually all of the above ARE legal to own in the US.   If you can jump through all of the hoops it takes to own one then you may certainly "carry" it. If you "really" think a terrorist can get by and sneak his way though the paperwork you are mistaken.  I'll stick to assault rifles and machine guns. I would not want to own anything explosive. I do not own enough real-estate where I can store explosives away from the house. I would no want to store explosives in my closet. If I could store them away from the house, you bet I like to blow up a few gophers.
The constitution is quite clear.... it says shall not be infringed.  It doesn't say.. shall not be infringed EXCEPT   By the way I am against guns, but I'm using your laws to argue that you guys already make exceptions, therefore people who rely soley on the 2nd Ammendment have in fact ignored precedents such as that which you wrote of.  These matters have been decided by Supreme Court Justices. Not logical, OK. The justices have much more experience with freedom than you do.  "There is, obviously, no simple answer to these questions. Many people assume that logic is the basic tool of the judicial decision. But Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes stated, &#8220;the life of the law has not been logic; it has been experience.&#8221; - Holmes, The Common Law 1 (1938).  You don't even have the right to free speech. When you have experinced freedoms enjoyed in this country similiar to our own in the USA. Come back and give us a call.
You're funny to listen to sometimes. You will defend the constitution to the death in some posts while in this post you act like it would be fine with you if people just went around it.  So do you still defend the 2nd amendment? Do you still think that it should be followed to the letter? Or do you think that experience has shown us why the 2nd amendment cannot be followed to the letter?   I agree with you AMD... I go for the "the constitution is NOT a living document" and attempts to apply modern language or other outside the realm of constitutionality to circumvent it is tatamount to treason. :)
How far do you go with this? Should the government apply all of the constitution to private companies as well? Should people have the right to bear arms on an airplane or should the airliners get to determine whether they let passengers do this or not?   Private property is just that.. Private. Airlines should decide thier own policies.. Did you know until something like 1974 airline pilots often carried handguns with them? Thier was no rule and it was done... (psst... and no one was shot!)   Liquor stores for example in New Mexico for the most part have a no firearms permitted on premises... Not a statute but the owners choice.... The constitution was written to avoid government intrusion into our personal lives...   Bloomberg is an example of going to far with his smoking ban... A bar is private... Health concerns are no concern ... get a job elsewhere... Kalifornia is worse with private clubs forbidden from havein smoking.... Cellphone bans..... Yes they can be annoying as all hell but its an invasion of privacy.... besides if your driving like an idiot for WHATEVER reason there already is a couple of laws its called careless or RECKLESS driving... Why more laws?
Alright, I agree with your stance on this at least. Much better than Kelvins idea that guns not only can be brought onto planes but should be brought onto planes.  Do you think that the constitution should be open to change if it is the will of the government or the people to do so? For instance, if through a democratic process the people of the US showed that they 2nd Amendment needs to be modified, should it be allowed?    Not the 1st ten amendments.... Never... once you do that then you begin the slippery slope to tyranny. (some say we are already on this slope).    Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on whats for dinner. Liberty is a well armed lamb contesting the vote. -Ben Franklin
Did the people on the gun free airplanes on 9/11 die a gentler kinder deaths because there were no guns on the airplanes?   What was the ratio of law abiding citizens to terrorist? At least 10 to 1?  How about this question gun haters. Was it easier to kill 3000 people with 2 airplanes then guns?  What are airplanes built to be used for? I guess on 9/11 they were used to kill at least 3000 law abiding citizens.  Will the airlines be held accountable for allowing their property to be used to kill people?  Just answer the questions gun haters!
Did the people on the gun free airplanes on 9/11 die a gentler kinder deaths because there were no guns on the airplanes?   What was the ratio of law abiding citizens to terrorist? At least 10 to 1?  How about this question gun haters. Was it easier to kill 3000 people with 2 airplanes then guns?  What are airplanes built to be used for? I guess on 9/11 they were used to kill at least 3000 law abiding citizens.  Will the airlines be held accountable for allowing their property to be used to kill people?  Just answer the questions gun haters!
Did the people on the gun free airplanes on 9/11 die a gentler kinder deaths because there were no guns on the airplanes?   What was the ratio of law abiding citizens to terrorist? At least 10 to 1?  How about this question gun haters. Was it easier to kill 3000 people with 2 airplanes then guns?  What are airplanes built to be used for? I guess on 9/11 they were used to kill at least 3000 law abiding citizens.  Will the airlines be held accountable for allowing their property to be used to kill people?  Just answer the questions gun haters!
 Doubtful because they really had little to do with what happened  The courts have rules the airlines and port authority can be held accountable! Why ? Simple, you take responsibility for a person safety if you deny them the right to defend themselves.    Alright I answered them with a smile on my face :)  Now will you answer my question, is Rev. HellH0und now a gun hater as well, in your opinion, because he doesn't want guns on airplanes unless the airlines choose to allow them on?  No he is not. Why? Once again a simple answer. The airlines are private property, they have a right to dictate what they want. But in the above reply since the airlines denied people the right to self defense the airlines are responsible for the people on their airplanes safety. This is the concept gun haters cannot understand.  Gun haters will blame the airplane manufacturers and not the terrorist that flew them into the WTC!
 So do you still defend the 2nd amendment? Do you still think that it should be followed to the letter? Or do you think that experience has shown us why the 2nd amendment cannot be followed to the letter?  Are you still trying to argue that a stranger has the right to bring a gun into my private property?  I promise you that if a stranger does try to enter my home with a gun, they will get shot first.  Even the police do not have the right to enter my house armed. They must get a warrent or ask for my permission.
You really do not understand the Constitution, the 2nd Amendment, and private property.  I am the king and highest authority on my private property. I can even demand that you give up all your civil rights if you enter my private property. All of it perfectly Constitutional.  If strangers want to keep your civil rights, then stay off my land. Perfectly Constitutional. Enter my property and change your mind? Want your civil rights back, then get off my land. I do not have the right to stop you from leaving, but you do not have the right to violate my private propety.
 No he is not. Why? Once again a simple answer. The airlines are private property, they have a right to dictate what they want. But in the above reply since the airlines denied people the right to self defense the airlines are responsible for the people on their airplanes safety. This is the concept gun haters cannot understand.  Gun haters will blame the airplane manufacturers and not the terrorist that flew them into the WTC!     I am not sure I agree with this. (gasp!). Listen up... We have a choice. If an Airline refuses to allow me to bring my hammer er I mean my gun on the plane it is MY CHOICE as to wether I get on or not. <- Period. That does not preclude the Airlines culpability if it is hijacked and sent into a building as they would be partially negligent for the deaths of the people in the building had they not provided the airplane with adequate security (armed pilots and stewardesses, etc) This of course should not be translated into aboslute security as even if every pilot, stewardess, and other employee were all packing MP5s and yet the terrorists succseed it would be reasonable to say in that case the private industry did all it could and they should start the lessons learned proccess perhaps with voluntary government help (military trainers etc) the key being voluntary. It is the same for guns themselves... If my brand new Kimber Ultra Eclipse II blows up in my hand because of shoddy workmanship (not likley with a Kimber) then I should be able to sue. If Eminem steals my "gat" or uses a "straw man" to purchase his own and kills 7+1 school girls it is Eminems fault NOT Kimbers and he should be put down like a dog (after a fair trial of course).
Once again we get the gun hater what if game.   Hey gun hater! What if a terrorist or airline pilot that has gone postal hijacks a plane and is threatening to kill all on the plane. What if a person with a gun drops the terrorist or airline pilot that has gone postal with one bullet and saves the airplane. If the gun haters are going to play what if games please have the backbone to play what if in all scenarios! By the way his is why I do not play the what if game. To be fair a person using the what if bs must do it to come out in favor of both sides of the issue. Oh and since you what if the negative side I do not need to repeat that for you.  Would guns have prevented 9/11. You said you guess not because the terrorist would have had them. Just which state is issuing ccw's to terrorist?   Oh and yes I was waiting for the gun hater to claim they had guns. This can be compared to the racist that would claim they are not racist because they have black friends, but they still want them there racist laws!  By the way gun hater I defended the airlines right to deny people to carry guns on the planes. It is called private property. I just stated once a business or person(such as an airline pilot)denies you the ability to defend yourself that business or person is responsible for your safety. The courts have ruled the airlines and port authority can be held responsible for the people killed on 9/11   Once more gun hater did the gun free zones at schools prevent the columbine killings? How many laws did the criminals at columbine violate?   In closing since the gun haters like to ask why do you need bs. Why do gun haters need to ask why do you need something? I bet it is because it is their right to do so!
He is a self proclaimed gun lover. He even lists the guns he owns. How can he possibly be a gun hater?  Once again this can be compared to the racist saying they have black friends, but yet they still want the racist laws passed in the southern states.   I think the response to your what if scenario has already been listed. What if a bullet hits the pilots? What if a bullet goes through the floor or a window? What if a bullet hits the jet fuel?  What if game must be played out in both directions. If you what if a bad scenario you must also what if a good scenario! So what if a person with a gun took out the terrorist or airline pilot gone postal with one bullet? Thus saving all on the plane! Gun hater like amd4 just like to point out the bad bs. Gun haters like amd4 must do this to push the gun hater agenda of banning the right to bear arms!  Gun haters like amd4 will never what if a good ending with guns. Why is this? Simple gun haters like amd4 want to ban the right to bear arms. So gun hater amd4 must do everything gun hater amd4 can to make guns out to be bad.   Like we debated earlier, you don't know who is and who isn't dangerous until they reveal themselves. How will the state know if it is issuing a CCW to a terrorist or a model citizen?  Gun hater amd4 stated gun hater amd4 could tell who was angry, not I! I have no crystal ball to tell me who is going to commit a crime unlike gun hater amd4 does!   Do you support guns in schools? What age limits should there be?  Did the gun haters gun free zones keep guns away from colubine? No! How many gun control laws did the criminals at columbine break?  When I was in school there were shooting clubs at school. Guns could be brought to school for show and tell. Kids also went hunting after school. No one complained about guns on school grounds.  And no times have not changed!
One more thought...you little XXXXX...Is your gun going to stop a "terrorist" who legally purchases a gun, gets a weapons permit legally, and carries it aboard a plane legally from pulling it out quietly in his seat and shooting a hole in the aircraft and bringing it down before you even see him. NO! Your gun would be just another useless piece of metal found on the ground by the NTSB. Even if you know everyone who has a gun on a plane, do you know their intentions? NO. A terrorist is not just some Arab who is here illegally, they can be your neighbor, friend, or even family members. John Q. terrorist. I am a US citizen, I have a weapons permit, and if the government allowed me to carry a gun on board, I COULD do so legally. (not that i would) This makes your "what if" about you shooting me with one shot and killing me before I can do any harm a moot point. I could happen, are you willing to take the risk? YES or NO? If you answer yes, you are a bigger XXXXX than i thought. If you answer no, you admit that it is safer to not allow ANYONE to carry a gun on board. If you don't answer, you prove that I have made a valid point and you don't have the balls to admit you might have actually learned something. Maybe you should take the train or the bus.  Once again gun hater if you insist on playing what if games please what if to both scenario good ending and bad ending. What if quick draw games on a airplane by gun hater pilot. Ok now gun hater pilot if you are going to play what if games you must use both scenarios. You know this way people on the fence on gun control can see that every thing is possible in what if games!  But you will not gun hater. Would you like to know why you will not do that gun hater? Because you want to ban the right to bear arms.   So basically gun hater pilot what you are saying is terrorist will do whatever it takes to get guns. So gun hater pilot to try and stop terrorist from getting guns, which you just said was impossible. You want to limit or ban the right of law abiding citizens to bear arms. So gun hater pilot in your so called perfect world only the terrorist or dangerous criminals will have guns. Just how safe is the law abiding citizen then? Oh wait you will use the line dial 911 and wait for the police to come. And while you wait for the police to come to your rescue the armed terrorist or dangerous criminals will be doing what?  It is interesting how gun hater pilot calls any one a XXXXX that speaks out against gun hater pilot. Remember gun hater pilot's last post said terrorist would apply for and get ccw permits. Gun hater pilot never did mention which states would issue ccw permits to terrorist.  Here you go gun hater pilot give us one example of a dangerous criminal or terrorist obeying gun control laws. Show us one time of a dangerous criminal or terrorist applying for and was issued a ccw?  I would have to say gun hater pilot I would not want you to fly any plane I was on. Here are the reason.  1. Gun hater pilot racially profiles people! 2. Gun hater pilot wants to quick draw against people. 3. Gun hater pilot would not allow a police officer or any law enforcement officer with a gun on gun hater pilots airplane even if they had all of the proper paperwork if gun hater pilot did not like their appearance.  Once again I need to point out I defended the airlines right to not allow guns. But I do say if the airlines do this, the airline are responsible for the passengers safety! And it appears the courts feel that way also!
I CAN REMAIN SILENT NO LONGER.     Were you a military pilot.... You seem to have that god complex thing that only a trained proffesional can fly a plane... Not the truth that a monkey with headphones could land that bus if the computer systems didn't help him 80%+ of the times. makes me smile....   The bulkhead doors within an aircraft are not bulletproof. Suppose while you are duking it out with Mr. Hijacker you put a round through me and one through my captain? Now your screwed, the aircraft will crash, you all die.     A little hint..... Pull stick back trees get smaller.... Push stick foward trees get bigger :p    A bullet, creating a hole in a window, or the skin (pressure vessel), will cause something known as rapid decompression.   One more thought...you little XXXXX...Is your gun going to stop a "terrorist" who legally purchases a gun, gets a weapons permit legally, and carries it aboard a plane legally from pulling it out quietly in his seat and shooting a hole in the aircraft and bringing it down before you even see him.  As a former AF loadmaster and later HALO certified. I have been in many so called "rapid decompressions" scenarios. Mostly drills but some others. Your myths of "rapid decompression" is laughable.... At 40,000 feet what is the outside air pressure? Inside cabin pressure? What sucks people out of the backs, sides of planes, and what conditions are required for this phenomena, "Jr. Pilot"?    Look if all your points were right on then the AIRLINE YOU WORK for should make its rules NOT THE GOVERNMENT!
He is a self proclaimed gun lover. He even lists the guns he owns. How can he possibly be a gun hater?    I think the response to your what if scenario has already been listed. What if a bullet hits the pilots? What if a bullet goes through the floor or a window? What if a bullet hits the jet fuel? This are legitimate concerns wouldn't you agree? Isn't it hypocritical that you haven't listed the concerns of the 'gun haters' in any of your posts yet you demand that those opposing you list your concerns?  I think the best solution for the topic of having guns on a plane is to let the pilots and trained guards have guns on board to defend against a terrorist attack. This way the terrorist would still have the task of trying to sneak a gun on board just to have a chance at all and of course he would have to face off against trained professionals in order to take the plane. I think this would stop a vast majority of all hijackings as well as prevent any dangerous criminals from taking a gun onto a plane.    Like we debated earlier, you don't know who is and who isn't dangerous until they reveal themselves. How will the state know if it is issuing a CCW to a terrorist or a model citizen?    Do you support guns in schools? What age limits should there be?   yeah but using that logic remember that pilot who was screaming ALLAH AKBAR! as he (THE PILOT) crashed the plane full of people... Or the muslim gi who lobbed a grenade into his gi buddies tent... OR this chaplain in gitmo who was caught with secret documents.... fedgov agents are not the answer to your personal saftey..... Or that ranger who killed his family after he got back from the og gulf war? pesky non-pilot civilians don't have a monopoly of being out of control...
Even if everyone had a gun the pilot could still do this.  Everyone did have a gun here and it still happened.  This is US stupidity. We allowed Muslims to have a say in that person being there. Guns will not prevent stupidity.   You miss my point. I was making the point that civilians do not have the monopoly on horrendeous behavior and that our exalted leaders and thier agents are not immune from such behavior. They are no different than you or me.   In certain situations they can be. I can't say that I would feel safer if red necks with guns were on a plane with me. I actually would find it unlikely that we would be safer if people were able to bring guns onto a plane. It does open up more security issues and if I were a pilot I would have to demand that all aircraft that I fly have protected areas for myself if guns are onboard. This would cost a great deal of money to change and I don't think that the common person would even support this. However, having 'fedgov agents' onboard is more acceptable for everyone involved.  Rednecks? Do you mean poor country people? I am more comfortable around so called rednecks who have had guns ALL THIER LIVES and VIEW THEM AS TOOLS than I am around some cherry trooper looking for his first "collar"..... look at the shooting statistics... It is rare in so called redneck areas to be a victim of a shooting while it is almost 100% more likley that you would be a victim of a shooting in a cosmopolitan area such as D.C.     Guns will not prevent nervous breakdowns either.   Point is is that homicidal maniacs do not need a gun to do their dirty work.... it is the maniac not the tool you should conentrate on.. I will give you a litte MA advice... someone points a gun at you don't stare at the gun it is inanimate... look at the criminals hand elbow shoulder and his whole self. If he is going to pull that trigger this is your only hope for (unlikley but must be tried) evasion. Do understand what I am saying?   Even you agree that airlines should have a right to choose whether people can bring guns on board so obviously the airlines do have the civilians in this monopoly if you believe it as such. Still I wouldn't say that civilians are completely helpless on planes. It isn't like they are chained down on planes, although that would solve the terrorist threat :)   Yes its the airlines choice and my choice on whether I fly it. They failed before do I CHOOSE to let them fail me again or do I choose an airline that would allow me to defend myself...
 My brother is a redneck by his own definition. Along with other 'redneck' traits, he is so comfortable around a gun that he sometimes forgets that other people are not comfortable around a gun. He actually points it at people as a joke while it is loaded. That is insane but he doesn't understand that. I don't feel safe or comfortable around people like that and I'm sure you will find people like that who are more than willing to take guns onto planes if allowed to do so.  Would you be comfortable around my brother? He really isn't that experienced with guns and he isn't a real thinking person when it comes to what the consequences of certain actions are. Even if you would feel comfortable around him, would you feel comfortable on a plane with your family around him?   No offense but your brother is an XXX. I understand now a little you fear of guns as any normal human being would be. But the problem is not the gun. The problem is your brother. YOU DO NOT POINT A WEAPON LOADED OR OTHERWISE AT ANYONE. He needs a good beatdown or at least a menacing arrest. He is atypical of most gun owners and most gun owners would come down much harder on your brother than apparently you have. Zero tolerance for such dangerous behavior... Remember that YOU are in control not this fool... I am sure however he would only misbehave like that once... There are laws against "menacing".    I'm really not as worried about being shot as I am worried that my brother will accidentally shoot someone. On a crowded plane I can see people accidentally bumping into each other and someone who was joking around with their gun will pull the trigger and kill someone. I worry about that more than someone using a gun in violence on a plane.    His behavior is from ignorance and like I said before he has already broken laws that YOU could do something about.   I'm afraid I don't understand what your saying here. I was saying how a crazy person with a gun isn't likely to be stopped when he catches people by surprise, especially his own family. Repealing gun control laws isn't going to prevent this from happening.    Nor is a full on gun ban going to prevent him from finding another tool for the same purpose.   What your asking here is that people be trained to understand how to tell when a person is going to pull the trigger. That may be beneficial to know if confronted with a gun, but how many people will actually understand this at the time a gun is in their face and how likely is evasion assuming you are dealing with someone who just came back from fighting in a war?   You can chose preparedness of laziness that is your choice. Do not get me wrong evasion is all but impossible no matter what every yahoo in blackbelt magazine tells you. But at the moment of impending doom you have the choice of victim or resitor. The point is is the XXXXX that is threatening you with a weapon would do so no matter what tool he had in his hands and his intent is not to ask you for directions. What tool would you prefer in this situation? a cell phone to call 911 or a 13 round H&K USP 40. If you have just your hands then wouldn't you have wished you had trained yourself to respond to this situation..   Musashi   "the way is in training"     They will fail again regardless as to whether guns are on board or not. Eventually someone will bring a bomb onboard a plane and use that or maybe a chemical gas. Guns will not prevent failure. The best way to prevent failure would be to take away all the rights of the passengers and make them sit naked and tied down. Even then you have the risk of pilot error. You will not be able to prevent failure no matter what is done. You only wish to have the illusion of safety because you have gun. My illusion of safety is that we live in America and because of that we are safer on an airplane than anywhere else you could possibly be at the time.   Your illusion of saftey is just that an illusion. ONLY YOU CAN DETERMINE YOUR OWN SAFTEY. An illusion is a lie. And a lie will get you killed.   I might be coming around to your idea that gun control doesn't work but I don't like the idea of guns on planes at all. I really cannot see a real advantage while the risks are everywhere. Just not a good risk-reward scenario.  I understand that and may agree with you to an extent. Just as if I had a bar I would have a no gun policy as alcohol+XXXXXX like your brother=no good. But it is the private companies choice to make NOT the governments.
    Hey XXXXX...good for you. But think about one thing my little XXXXX, If a terrorist were to carry a gun on a plane because the airline allows guns on board and did not know he was a terrorist; he takes it over, and crashes it...are the airlines not then responsible for that too? If citizens carry guns on board an aircraft because the airline says it is ok, and they kill someone accidentaly while shooting it out with a terrorist, the airline would still be responsible for the death because they allowed the gun to be carried aboard the aircraft. What if they accidentally bring the plane down while shooting at a terrorist like I said, then the airline that allowed that gun on board is still responsible. It is a catch .22 (little joke there). You cannot have it both ways. Asking any rational, non-XXXXX will yeild you the same result, there is far more danger with guns on board than if they are not on board. Are you saying that you and six friends (or strangers sitting around you on the plane) would not fight or wrestle with a terrorist? It has been done since 9/11, and it worked. Oh yeah XXXXX...you have the right to not get on my plane in the first place if I deny you your right to carry a gun on board. So if you get on board without your gun, YOU are responsible. There are other means of transportation...like you own damn car. In your case, I would recommend the car, even if going to Europe.    Hey XXXXX...no, they did not. But is the answer to take down the gun free zones...and just allow kids to carry guns to school? Sure, both Columbine and 9/11 caught us with our pants around our ankles, but we need to learn from these lessons...and in many respects we have. We have improved security, better bomb detection, better screeners, and more security on the aircraft itself.   Hey XXXXX...grow up. I am not trying to infringe upon your right to carry a firearm, just not on my plane. And unless you are a Federal Air Marshall or a criminal, you will NEVER do so on any commercial flight originating or entering the United States.  Once again we see how gun hater pilot responds to people that speak out against gun hater pilot. Would anybody want to fly with gun hater pilot? I mean gun hater pilot uses racial profiling to keep law enforcement that gun hater pilot does not like simply because of their looks off of gun hater pilots plane!  Now gun hater pilot I have compared gun haters such as you to the other hate groups that are blinded by their hatred of other peoples rights.  As seen on 9/11 and at columbine people are not safer because of gun free zones. The dangerous criminals gun haters like gun hater pilot are trying to unarm will simply not obey these laws. Actually the terrorist did obey the gun free zones on the airplanes on 9/11. It made it easier to take the airplanes over using box cutters!   Gun haters must think being killed in a gun free zone with anything other then a gun is a kinder gentler death.   I guess the people on the airplane that decided to fight before they were killed on the gun free airplane saved some people because the airplane did not reach it's target! I guess keeping these terrorist from killing even more people then what were on the airplane is not the kind common sense gun haters like!  Hey gun hater pilot try negotiating with terrorist that plans on dying and taking their hostages with them.  I know what gun hater pilot will say, the US Air Force will send up F16's to save the airplane. Got news for you gun hater pilot them there F16 's are there to shoot down any airplane that does not land where they want them to. You know gun hater pilot to keep the airplanes full of people from killing even more innocent law abiding people!  So gun hater continue your attack on peoples rights.   Hey gun hater pilot the only thing I have said that gun hater pilot does not like is, if the airlines or even gun hater pilot denies a person the right to self defense that airline or gun hater pilot is responsible for that persons safety. I guess a person is a XXXXX for wanting to be safe in gun hater pilots mind!  Gun haters says guns are the problem. Well gun hater pilot there were no guns on the airplanes on 9/11! At columbine there were no guns except for the ones the criminals had! Gun hater logic is unarmed victims die a kinder gentler death!  The gun haters attack a book called more guns less crime because they hate guns. I guess no guns on the airplanes on 9/11 and gun freee zones proved that gun hater logic wrong.  Law abiding citizens bearing arms is not the propblem. But this is the only group of people that obey gun control laws!   We see even more of what gun haters call common sense!
 My brother is a redneck by his own definition. Along with other 'redneck' traits, he is so comfortable around a gun that he sometimes forgets that other people are not comfortable around a gun. He actually points it at people as a joke while it is loaded. That is insane but he doesn't understand that. I don't feel safe or comfortable around people like that and I'm sure you will find people like that who are more than willing to take guns onto planes if allowed to do so.  This is a crime and yet gun hater amd4 does nothing about it!   But gun hater amd4 does attack the right of law abiding citizens to have guns!
I suspect that there are laws against what he does with that gun and he probably is atypical, but seeing him make me question whether the average person can simply be trusted to have a gun.   how many people do you know act like your brother? He is far from "average"   Heh, well its a political problem then. I don't think I would hear the end of it if I was to turn in my own brother for breaking this law. But that is my problem to deal with.   No it is an "I choose to be a victim" problem. You are telling me your life is not worth a little upheaval in your family? I would sign him up for an NRA saftey course and tell him that he must take this course and if he ever points a gun at you or anyone again in your presence again you will get a RESTRAINING ORDER (which thanks to scumbag lautenberg is all you need to get his guns taken away... guilty until proven innocent) or file menacing charges against him.   EZ enough.    As for the plane, don't you think that the fact that it is crowded could on occasion cause a gun to go off when it isn't supposed to? I think this would be especially true if large enough guns were allowed on the plane as they are clumsier.  The officer who shot scumbag James davis's killer in NYC fired up into a crowded balcony of panicked sheeple at 50 feet... 5 shots fired 5 shots center mass... These what ifs are useless... What if a herd of charging rhinos flew out my but and trampled a schoolbus full of nuns?     So basically there is no solution for it. It cannot be used to bolster either sides point. I just seen that you seemed to be using it as a defense for why gun control should be eliminated and I didn't understand how that could be.  Look at dhards posts... His brash style aside he is right on when you look at it logically.. 9/11 no guns look what happened.. Columbine... Gun free school zone... bo guns allowed... What happened..... and on and on and on.. When will you say ENOUGH! and start determining your own destiny?    A gun of course but I would also rather the other person have a knife than a gun. I would also rather they have a hand gun than a silenced sniper rifle. I would also like for the police to have records of that person owning that gun so that if he did succeed he would be hunted down. Also I do suspect that if a person wants to kill you he will do so when your guard is down so although a gun would be nice to have this isn't always going to be an option.   SILENCED SNIPER RIFLE! Hah thats funny... I guess bludgening someone with the but of a remmington 700 would constitute a "siclenced sniper rifle" Your starting to get it now... May I suggest that same gun saftey course and a pistol course from the NRA at your local gun range? Learn about these tools then you will be much better informed as to what is truth or fiction (most have guns you can use). Let me know I willl hook you up with a link.   The illusion of safety is the same with a gun. You can feel safer although you may not actually be any safer. It is just a matter of your mindset.   The Gun is a tool, I am the weapon. That is the mantra. I have no illusions of saftey with a gun. I know what I can and can not do with this tool and would deploy it as I see neccessary.    Do you think that any airlines would actually allow people to bring guns on their planes? My suspicion would be that few, if any would even consider this much less allow it. There are just too many risks and too many lives at stake. Planes are already so safe that they are the safest form of transportation in our country. I don't think they would want to risk this by adding guns to the mix when there is already a system in place that is extremely effective.  I don't know, nor is it really an issue at hand. Airlone owners may agree with you that is thier choice and it is my choice if I want to utilize thier services.
That is the most unconvincing thing I've heard you say yet. The what ifs are useless? Lives are at stake and you don't want to hear about what ifs? Are you saying that you would just implement something like this without asking what if? Frankly, that is just insane and I have a feeling that you know it doesn't make sense not to ask what if. You would at least want to do a test with people walking around a crowded area with loaded paintball guns just to see what would happen. If the probability of a gun going off accidently on a plane is likely enough that it will occur more than once per year, then I would debate that it has already become more of a threat than hijacking it today.   Your using extremist logic. I am not sayin all what ifs in all cases are bad. I am saying here the what if game is pointless her. For every doom and gloom scenario you can imagine I can come up with an equally ridiculous puppies and wildflowers scenarion for the same topic.   You already made the argument against this by showing what things happen even when there are guns.  As long as neither sides have safety then this cannot support either side of the argument either.  Just wanted to see what you thought about that possibility. Here we are arguing it and I really don't know if anyone would even consider such an idea. It sounds way too risky to me especially if gun control laws are dropped.   More importantly what are you going to do about your ignorant brother?
DHARD3006. You are hopeless. You scare me...and I'm sure you scare the majority of people. I will not address any more postings to you, as you do not want to debate, only call people GUN HATER and RACIST and say that we want to ban your right to bear arms. I don't want anyone to ban my right to bear arms...period. If you cannot listen to logic, or even debate a point from the other side INTELLIGENTLY, then you do not belong here. You are irrational, paranoid, and completely devoid of common sense or inteligence. Gun hater pilot...i like that. I think I'm going to the range now. emoticon_xbye  Gun hater pilot cannot win an argument so now gun hater pilot is going to take his computer and go home!  What if gun hater pilot respected peoples right?  What if all gun hater respected peoples right?  The only thing wrong with gun hater pilot playing the what if game is gun hater pilot will always what if the bad scenarios. Gun hater pilot will never what if a good scenario with a gun because gun hater pilot wants to ban guns!  Do not forget gun hater pilot thinks unarmed people die a kinder gentler death!  The only thing is gun haters like criminals do not respect peoples rights!  Gun haters have this desire to make anybody they cannot brow beat into compromising out to be "irrational, paranoid, and completely devoid of common sense or inteligence. " they have to do this.   Remember gun hater pilots logic is to disarm law enforcement officers just because gun hater pilot racially profiles them and does not like their appearance!
DHARD3006. You are hopeless. You scare me...and I'm sure you scare the majority of people. I will not address any more postings to you, as you do not want to debate, only call people GUN HATER and RACIST and say that we want to ban your right to bear arms. I don't want anyone to ban my right to bear arms...period. If you cannot listen to logic, or even debate a point from the other side INTELLIGENTLY, then you do not belong here. You are irrational, paranoid, and completely devoid of common sense or inteligence. Gun hater pilot...i like that. I think I'm going to the range now. emoticon_xbye  All those character traits for DHARD? They are all Constutionally allowed. Being stupid, illogical, not a team player, not constructive to society, not being civilized, not being progressive; all those that gun haters have characterized gun owners, they are all Constutionally allowed.
OK, as long as you weren't trying to say that what ifs were unnecessary.    I've already told him if he points that thing at me again I will rip it to pieces the second he leaves it alone. If someone ends up turning him in, fine, he deserves it. I'm not going to be the one to do it though not just because it would cause a rift in the family, but I also don't want to test his stability emoticon_frazzled    Get the info on the saftey course and make the ultimatum... This response is a beaten wife response..... He only thinks you don't like it not that the action is inherently dangerous. Use the family support structure if possible to make him see your seriousness.  I have been in combat in the first gulf war I have seen first hand what these tools are capable of in the hands of skilled and not so skilled humans. (remember the tool requires a human to work!) I also know it is almost an illusion a "it can't happen to me or its not that dangerous mentality" until you see it first hand. I have a great respect for the rifle and the pistol. I am 100% pro constitution INCLUDING THE SECOND AMENMENDT and as a responsible gun owner saftey is my main concern. YOU ARE IN GRAVE DANGER! The choices you make now will be the choices you have to live with the REST OF YOUR LIFE!
All those character traits for DHARD? They are all Constutionally allowed. Being stupid, illogical, not a team player, not constructive to society, not being civilized, not being progressive; all those that gun haters have characterized gun owners, they are all Constutionally allowed.  Gun haters can only insult the people speaking out against them. Like all hate groups gun haters need to vilify the people the gun haters want to take rights away from. This is what makes gun haters a hate group!  It is interesting that gun haters feel people defending their rights are "stupid, illogical, not a team player, not constructive to society, not being civilized, not being progressive ." Gun haters feel that taking rights away is good, while defending your rights makes you "stupid, illogical, not a team player, not constructive to society, not being civilized, not being progressive ." Let us not forget that another hate group called racist said the very same thing about the people they wanted to take rights away from. Is this is more gun hater common sense or logic?  Also remember gun haters claim gun owners are paranoid. Gun hater pilot stated that we must suspect all people of being a criminal. That is called being paranoid!   So gun hater pilot wants to disarm all law abiding citizens in a world where gun hater pilot stated we must consider all people suspicious. I guess gun hater pilot like all gun haters is thinking that dangerous criminals will obey gun control laws.
 So gun hater pilot wants to disarm all law abiding citizens in a world where gun hater pilot stated we must consider all people suspicious. I guess gun hater pilot like all gun haters is thinking that dangerous criminals will obey gun control laws.   And he can look foward to a world like this:  Associated Press  Posted July 18 2003, 11:25 AM EDT   PARIS -- Goodbye "e-mail," the French government says, and hello "courriel" - the term that linguistically sensitive France is now using to refer to electronic mail in official documents.
 My brother is a redneck by his own definition. Along with other 'redneck' traits, he is so comfortable around a gun that he sometimes forgets that other people are not comfortable around a gun. He actually points it at people as a joke while it is loaded. That is insane but he doesn't understand that. I don't feel safe or comfortable around people like that and I'm sure you will find people like that who are more than willing to take guns onto planes if allowed to do so.  .  Your brother is commiting a crime called brandishing a firearm. I don't do it. Responsible gun owners do not beak laws. If he is unstable, then you are being irresponsible for not turning him in. I would not have any problem with turning in my own mother for firearm violations. Especially if her sanity is in question. Your behavior is irresponsible and is re-inforcing the myth that current legislation is insufficient to stop criminal acts with a firearm.
  My brother is a redneck by his own definition. Along with other 'redneck' traits, he is so comfortable around a gun that he sometimes forgets that other people are not comfortable around a gun. He actually points it at people as a joke while it is loaded. That is insane but he doesn't understand that. I don't feel safe or comfortable around people like that and I'm sure you will find people like that who are more than willing to take guns onto planes if allowed to do so.   .  Just like a typical liberal, your waiting for someone else to step in and fix your problem for you. The laws already exist for stopping people who brandish a firearm or whose sanity is in question. What are you waiting for? The correct government official to step in and take care of your problems so your hands don't get dirty?  You have no right to complain or fear for your saftey. You already have the tools in hand to protect yourslef. The Constitution and law is on your side, you just need a spine.
I think you pretty much proved my point for me, thanks.  What did you state? Anybody can be a felon so we need to suspect everybody? Or something like that. What is the definition of paranoid? A fear of everything.  I say everybody can live their lives until they harm or kill another person. So gun hater pilot without violating some ones rights how do you do this? I think people like gun hater pilot should be strip searched every time gun hater pilots wants to get on a airplane simply because gun hater pilot could be a terrorist. This would not be based on knowledge of gun hater pilots intent, it would be simply based on gun hater pilots appearance. Hell gun hater pilot may be drunk!   Gun hater pilots states treat all people as criminals.  Which is a better world?  Gun haters pilot paranoid world or a world where everyone is treated with respect?
I said: Everyone has the POTENTIAL (again...note the word potential) to be a felon. The point I was making was that we cannot tell who is law abiding and who is not. Therefore, we should not allow anyone to carry a gun on a plane, because these people may either be law abiding or not. If restricting all people from carrying a gun on an airplane is treating people as criminals to you, too bad. I consider it making everyone on the plane safer. And apparently, so does the TSA, FAA, FBI, CIA, etc... I never said to treat everyone as a criminal. You again have put words in my mouth. I am sent through a metal detector, my bags go through x-ray, and if in any question, I am hand searched. It is the same for everyone flying. Again, if this is what you consider threating people like criminals, then you are an idiot. Anyone could be a terrorist. Remember, the 9/11 terrorists got on the planes lawfully. If the big point still eludes you common sense hater XXXXX, then perhaps you should give up on this debate.  How about shopping malls and petty theft? Should people be searched before the leave a shopping mall, because we can not tell who is a thief and who is not? How about rapist? Should we arrest all men because they have the potential to be rapist? Both actions will make the community safer. "And apparently, so does the TSA, FAA, FBI, CIA, etc... " CIA? That is the first I have heard of it?   So what if "terrorist" get aboard a plane? So what if they do? What have they done? Have they done anything before that was illegal? If terrorist get aboard a plane, do not do anything, and just get off at the destination. Then they are not really terrorist are they?  The law is used for punishment AFTER an act, NEVER before. If terrorist consipre and get in this country to commit an act. Then the root cause is not guns, you got deeper problems.
CIA: Central Intelligence Agency.  It has nothing to do with arresting someone because we think they are a terrorist or they might commit a crime. .  CIA? When did they recommend a public policy. It is thier policy not to deal with internal civil policy.  It has everything to do with arrest.  Arrest = the removal of your rights.  Gun ban = the removal of your rights.
[QUOTE=sundowner] Common sense gun CONTROL laws = Laws desired by the majority of Americans calling for common sense measures (ie. background checks for firearms purchase, the prohibition of guns in certain areas; such as airports and planes, schools, federal buildings, some workplaces, bars, etc.) QUOTE]   Notice not one of the common sense gun control laws gun hater pilot is demanding is to punish dangerous criminals by keeping them in prison to keep guns away from them!  Criminals will not obey the so called common sense gun control laws gun hater pilot wants!   Hey gun hater pilot why do they send up fighter aircraft now when a plane straws off course? I guess unarmed law abiding citizens being shot out of the sky by a USA fighter is more gun hater common sense gun control logic!
The CIA gathers intel from around the world in order to affect our policy both at home and abroad. Their intel filters down to influence policy made by others. Perhaps I should have used DHS or NSA, but again, you people always focus on the wrong thing and avoid the real issue.   arrest: v. 1. To stop; check. 2. To seize and hold by legal authority. 3. To capture; engage: ie. arrested my attention ---n. 1. The act of detaining in legal custody. 2. The state of being so detained: under arrest .   and come to think of it, when you get arrested they read you your rights! :)   Gun Ban = a bad idea proposed by extremists who think illegalization will stop all or most gun related crimes. This will never happen, and is unconstitutional.   Common sense gun CONTROL laws = Laws desired by the majority of Americans calling for common sense measures (ie. background checks for firearms purchase, the prohibition of guns in certain areas; such as airports and planes, schools, federal buildings, some workplaces, bars, etc.)   Total repeal of all gun laws = a bad idea proposed by extremists who think having no gun laws will help reduce crime and protect people. This will never happen either, and would be unconstitutional.  As you have stated as common sense, guns are already baned. In some places as guise of public saftey. There are some places that guns are not allowed as a matter of preservation of civil rights such as courthouses, polling places, and private property. A law prohibiting carrying weapons on any of those places you mentioned where there is no civil rights violation for carrying a firearm, is a violation of the 2nd Amendment.  CIA? I do not believe everything I read on the internet, especially here. So, were did you hear that the CIA recommends not allowing passengers to carry weapons on commercial airlines? It is important to the issue in trying to establish your credibility.  Where did you read that the NSA recommends not allowing passengers to carry weapons on commericial arlines?  I agree with instant background checks. With no waiting period. No cool off time. No limit on quantity of purchases. No central database of owners.
Keeping prisoners in jail is not gun control, it is prisoner control.    Which will help solve the "problem with criminals getting guns" oh so much more than the 20,000 laws on guns we have today. Which one protected the kids at colimbine? which ones?   One more time common sense hater XXXXX: At the airport they have no choice. Nobody can carry a gun onto a plane. You do know that there are ways of screening for guns, don't you common sense hater XXXXX?    It has been shown that even today in screener tests that the screeners  KNEW were coming that agents posing as terrorists smuggled.... guns, grenades, bombs etc RIGHT PAST THE SCREENERS! (all where deactivated obviously)   STOP RELYING ON THE GOVERNMENT TO PROTECT YOU!   That makes no sense. Am I familiar with intercept procedure and reason...yes. What does this have to do with taking guns on a plane or gun control?    You can't make the connection? Plane gets hijacked.. tangos have guns (which were smuggled past that holy grail called the TSA... Air Force comes up and shoots you down....GAME OVER.... STANDING ORDERS.    Second scenario... Some (3) passengers have guns Kills tangos... 1 civillian not involved killed in crossfire 10 are injured. 200+ saved on plane countless on ground....   Which is the better scenario?   BTW: YOU ARE A TARGET!
Keeping prisoners in jail is not gun control, it is prisoner control.      I have no problem with that as long as there are no Constitutional objects to longer prison terms.  Gun restrictions as practiced in this country is ineffective an unconstutional.  Longer prison terms if Constitutional is just ineffective.  The common arguement against gun restrictions is not the guns, it is the restriction of rights.
Keeping prisoners in jail is not gun control, it is prisoner control.      Your absolutely right. I bow out on this one. I have argued that keeping prisoners in jail is gun control.   The early release of prisoners is not the root cause why felons commit crimes with firearms.  Early release of prisoners is one of the causes of why CRIME is commited.  So your right. Keeping prisoners in jail is not gun control. It is crime control.
 Screeners do a great deal of good just like prisons. You don't just trash something because it's not 100% effective.  I agree. Gun laws that are no 100% effective or even down right poor are no concern to me. It is the gun laws that violate my rights are a concern to me.
I haven't heard of anyone smuggling a gun on a plane.    You have not looked. Do an online search and if you STILL (conviently) can't find anything I will be glad to help you out.   Anyway according to your logic, prisons should be abolished because some criminals have managed to escape from prison. What good are prisons if criminals can escape from them? Let's just let all the criminals run free.     This is called extremist logic. But I will say this.... non violent drug offenders should be released IMMEDIATLY.    Screeners do a great deal of good just like prisons. You don't just trash something because it's not 100% effective.   NOT 100% effective... They did an exercise, they were told the who, what, where, and when.. AND THEY STILL FAILED! I am not saying abolish it... But I AM saying not to rely on it to keep you alive. That responsibility (ask ANY combat vet) is ultimatly up to one person.... can you guess who?
Let me get this straight. You don't trust something that isn't 100% effective to keep you alive? Isn't it strange then that you trust a gun to keep you alive if it isn't 100% effective? Guns can jam and fail to fire, they can run out of bullets, they can be off on their target, and of course they cannot protect you from other guns. They are far from 100% effective. Mix the reality of guns with people and you lower their effectiveness even more because people can be ineffective in their use of the weapon and may use them at the wrong time or with the wrong intention. This will lower the effectiveness of your method well below the effectiveness of the current screener method. So why do you trust your method to keep you alive if it is not 100% effective?   EXTREMIST LOGIC!!!! can you guys please be more rational? Follow me..  This was an example of a specific situation. The gun is a tool I am the weapon. NOTHING is %100 but I would like to be in control of my own destiny.... not some low paid government agent from the "take XXXX away agency" AKA the TSA...  Also your rights Guns can not protect you from other guns... however GUNS+TRAINING=EDGE... Meaning that I who choose to be the master of my own destiny who is on the side of righteousness and truth have and continue to train myself in armed and unarmed combat.. I keep my self in peak shape. I eat healthy, and I am aware of my surroundings... I can hit a target at minimum 3 times the distance that even the average UN soldier can hit. I am the master of my destiny.... Are you of yours?
Let me get this straight. You don't trust something that isn't 100% effective to keep you alive? Isn't it strange then that you trust a gun to keep you alive if it isn't 100% effective? Guns can jam and fail to fire, they can run out of bullets, they can be off on their target, and of course they cannot protect you from other guns. They are far from 100% effective. Mix the reality of guns with people and you lower their effectiveness even more because people can be ineffective in their use of the weapon and may use them at the wrong time or with the wrong intention. This will lower the effectiveness of your method well below the effectiveness of the current screener method. So why do you trust your method to keep you alive if it is not 100% effective?   Gun control laws demanded by the gun haters are only obeyed by the law abiding citizens!  The only people the gun haters want to disarm are the law abiding citizens. Gun hater pilot has stated gun hater piloted would disarm law enforcement officers based on how they looked at gun hater pilot!   Not one demand from the gun haters to solve the problem of crimes by criminals and terrorist is to deal withe the criminals or terrorist!  Every demand from the gun haters is to attack the right of the law abiding citizens to bear arms!  So when the gun haters deny a person the right to defend themselves they should be responsible for the person safety. When the gun haters fail to protect the unarmed law abiding citizens they should be held accountable!   Criminally and financially!
  Your gun firing ability does not make you master of your destiny. If you were to be shot from behind, you would already be dead. Your ability wouldn't save you. So to claim that you are master of your own destiny just shows how far out there you are in your beliefs that guns are the answer to problems.   Not once does a gun hater demand disarming the criminals! But by god the gun haters want to disarm the law abiding citizens!  Gun haters want one thing and that is to ban the right to bear arms!  Who does this affect? T The law abiding citizen. Who does this not affect?  The criminals that would shoot a person from behind!
Are you actually able to keep a straight face when screaming "EXTREMIST LOGIC"? In case you are wondering, the people you are yelling that at are the ones who are sticking to conventional logic and conventional methods. You are the one who is looking to make radical changes and because of that you are going to have to use extremist logic to help justify your reasoning which of course you have. Just the basic idea that guns on planes will make it safer is very extreme logic.   Your "conventional logic and methods" disarm law abiding citizens. You are the one being irrational due to your phobia about guns. My radical changes are to go back to what the constitution says. Show me an example where the ban on machine guns has saved one life?    You are not in control of your own destiny even with a gun. As I showed in my last post, guns fail and I'll add to that by saying people are unpredictable. Because people are unpredictable and guns fail, you are probably less in control of your own destiny on a plane with guns than you are on a plane that doesn't allow guns and has screeners.    You don't have to tell me this... but I am in control of my own destiny even if I fail. I choose to show my teeth you give them your belly... Who is willing to die standing and who is living on thier knees?   No low paid government agent controls your destiny either. They are simply going to play a small part in making sure no weapons are on board a plane. They are not literally in charge of anyones destiny! So I don't follow your logic here at all. [/quote]   When they refuse you the right of self defense and pilots don't allow individuals on because of a "dirty look" They in effect are in control of your destiny... HOWEVER. I choos to fly with these XXXXXX and allow the fedgov to search me like a common criminal... But I will not stand down and sit idle and hope others will come to my resue in the event of a disaster....   I am a much more deadly weapon unarmed than armed... As I would be in much more fear of my life and would more likley resort to deadly force in defense of myself and others...     Gun rights can protect you from other guns. They can make sure those guns are in the hands of responsible people and help to ensure that guns only get into certain places. So far it has been 100% effective in my case :)   You mean gun control not gun rights don't you? And no gun control laws have not been 100% effective in your case... Your brother has almost killed you on how many occasions? Which gun law protected you there?    Once again, a gun doesn't make you the master of your own destiny. You may even be fighting on the side of what is right and true but that doesn't mean that guns are right and true. As you stated earlier, guns are a tool, you are the one who controls that tool. Would you proclaim that total gun freedom is right and true and that gun control is not right or true? Remember now, guns are just a tool :)   I AM THE MASTER OF MY OWN DESTINY! AS A FREEMAN ON THE SIDE OF RIGHTEOUSNESS AND TRUTH I FORGE MY OWN PATH THROUGH THIS LIFE AND I AM ULTIMATLY RESPONSIBLE FOR BOTH MY ACTIONS AND INACTIONS!  Guns are a tool and I control the tool... If I fail and am killed I will know that I did everything I could to protect myself and my family... If the criminal is the only one with the tool and I don't Who's hands is my destiny in?   Someone points a gun at you whos life is your hands in.. I for one would like to have the score evened...   Your gun firing ability does not make you master of your destiny. If you were to be shot from behind, you would already be dead. Your ability wouldn't save you. So to claim that you are master of your own destiny just shows how far out there you are in your beliefs that guns are the answer to problems.   I do not believe guns are the answer to my problems... Just another tool for dealing with the realities of life.. Your extremist logic is portrayed here as viewing my stance as an all or nothing stance... As one well trained in armed and unarmed combat techniques and as a vet from GW1. I know oh so much better than you the reality of combat as demonstrated by your lax attitude regarding your life....
Hey DHARD, could you please make a logical arguement if you want to continue your posting on this thread. You spout off the same illogical banter in every post, and it is getting to the point where I just want to avoid even reading them...because i know what they say already. A debate is a fluid thing...we make a point, argue/defend, and move on. Your gun hater slogans may make sense to you, but to logical people on this thread they are really nothing more than illogical rantings. Calling me a gun hater shows your level of ignorance in this world. I have said that I am a gun owner. I have said that I shoot these guns. I have said that I carry my pistol with me (concealed with a ccw) quite often. You may chose to think I am making this up in some grand gesture to win your hearts so I can change your minds. Well, you are entitled to your belief, I really don't care. But if you want to continue sounding like an idiot, you may continue to call me gun hater pilot, I guess it makes you feel special or something. Just do me a favor, COME UP WITH A VALID ARGUEMENT FOR YOUR POSITION. Don't just keep spouting off your pointless XXXX telling everyone else what I, your so called gun hater pilot, want to do. If you think I just want to disarm law abiding citizens then you need to go back and reread the posts I have put up. If you think I don't want to address criminals and terrorists, you are an idiot. You never did understand what I was saying about a pilots authority to kick someone off an airplane. It was not about me being prejudice about someone bringing a gun on my plane. Maybe you need to go back and reread some more. It was an example, but you continue to shout that with just about every post. The whole point pretty much is that as a pilot, I can tell someone to get off my plane. I would probably never do that to a law enforcement officer with the proper paperwork, I would however do this to ordinary citizens with guns if the law was ever changed to accomodate you. Almost every pilot I know has said they would do the same thing. Either that, or we would all walk off the airplanes, and you would not be able to fly anyway. I really find it quite funny that I am defending the current policy and you are trying (although not logically) to agrue for the opposite. I may not agree with kelvin and rev either, but they actually argue with some degree of intelligence. They know how to present an opinion, argue it, back it up with facts, and most importantly the listen and respond to other peoples opinions. If you want to debate...then debate. If you want to continue to call people gun haters and tell other people our so called agenda, you might as well stop posting. As of now, you have no credibility with me, and I bet that a lot of logical people, no matter what side of the debate they are on, would feel the same way.   Interesting how gun hater pilots logic is to ban the right of law abiding Americans to bear arms!  Typical gun hater logic.  Criminals kill people so gun haters like gun hater pilot want to pass gun control laws that only law abiding citizens obey!  I guess gun hater pilot would call this common sense gun control!  Ban the right of law abiding American to bear arms while allowing dangerous criminal to remain free!  Oh and yes gun hater pilot you did state you would ban a law enforcement officer the right to carry their gun onto your airplane even if they had the proper paperwork. Gun hater piloted stated that this would be based solely on how the law enforcement officer looked at gun hater pilot!
Gun hater logic.  Terrorist use guns to hijack airplanes. Gun hater solution ban anybody from carrying guns onto a airplane. Result terrorist used the next available item allowed (box cutters) on the airplanes to hijack the airplanes and fly them into the WTC.   Gun hater logic, more searches and check points and add box cutters to the list of not allowed items on a airplane. Results a business brought to it's knees and the next time terrorist want to hijack a airplane they will simply use the next available items allowed on airplane to hijack all of the unarmed law abiding citizens.  Once again when gun haters and the government deny people the right to defend themselves the gun haters and government should be held responsible if the unarmed people are killed!
Even if I am irrational I am still part of the conventional logic. You should realize that you are the extremist here and not everyone who is arguing you.   What?!?!? The Nazis were irrational and were the "conevtional logic" of the time!   Show me an example where allowing guns on planes will save lives. It is just theoretical. I could prove to you that the elimination of all guns will save lives by simply subtracting all gun deaths from our national total of deaths per year. That would theoretically work except the fact that more knife murders may occur then and perhaps guns will be brought in illegally to murder people. I can answer the question you are asking but you will simply be able to show how my answer is just theoretical just as your response would be. This would be pointless.  All through the 70's pilots were permited to carry guns on planes... in the 40's anyone could.... how many deaths? 0     Your teeth can fail and my belly can succeed, it just depends on the situation. There are situations where I'll be more in control of my destiny without a gun and you corner yourself and lost complete control of your destiny because of your gun. It is situational. You could just as easily die on your knees while I walk away. You can't just assume that a gun puts you in a better position as you seem to be doing. I'll admit that it will often come in handy although I doubt you will ever admit that it could work against you.   your extermist slim view is most frustrating. Did you even read my last post? I am the weapon, My gun, my rifle, my fists and my boots are tools How would I ever corner myself and "loose control" simply because I would carry a gun? This is extremist logic.. You seem to think I would go nuts and get myself killed simply for carrying a gun... Well I turn this around on you.. You are a phsycopathic civil rights violator who is willing to put me in harms way for your ideology. You are essentially violating the 14th amendment by denying me my civil rights. You have shown your propesnity for the absurd and it is YOU who should be regulated.    Who is they? The low paid government workers control you destiny because they won't allow you to look dirty at pilots? The pilots control your destiny more by flying the plane than they do by not allowing guns on it! I suppose in the case of disaster you will push the pilot out of the way and fly the plane? Oops, your logic just failed.  They is the federal government and civil right vilolator extremists like yourself who are more worried about me and my 2nd amendment rights than his VERY OWN LIFE when it comes to the scenarios you have put YOURSELF in.  In case of disaster a monkey with headphones on could land a plane... Don't believe the pilot hype that planes are hard to fly.... XXXX I could talk you down by reading the instructions on the internet.....    Of course you are and so is everyone else. This doesn't give you any advantage as long as everyone else is armed. It could even put you at more of a disadvantage if the group opposing you is coordinated against you and you do not know it.   Even more extreme. I am not for a 100% armed society I am for the choice... most likley (number pulled out of air) 15% will carry... But it will deter the criminal element from violent crimes as they have a 15 in 100 chance of being shot if they attack somebody.   Besides I train in 3 man tactical scenarios all the time...   Gun rights work just fine as they stand today. You call it complete gun control but there are gun rights as well. They work well hand in hand as it stands. I see no problem right now.  How many crimes did the 1994 assault weapons ban stop? How many gangstas attacked people by bayonet charge? (one of the things the AWB made illegal) WHY DO POLICE AND THE FEDGOV get these very weapons that are supposed to be "bad"? How many legal gun owners have killed innocents? How many cops and fedgov agents killed? look at Waco.... 75 percent of ATF casualties were from "friendly fire" they killed all those people all over a $200 tax? And don't give me that "he thought he was jeezus and he has sec with lots of women"... So did clinton. And WTF were tax agents doin there if that was what it was about?  Remember 170 million killed by governments this last century alone....   My brother is the proof that gun control is necessary. I don't see how you think that he is evidence that there should be no gun control at all.   No you brother is proof that you are a sheep... Made to lick the bootheels of your fedgov masters... While you hope and pray for them to save you from the one day your brother kills you or someone you love...   Don't legislate YOUR stupidity on law abiding citizens like myself. Comparing me to your brother is an insult and your bigotry is now well noted. If your predjuces (based on one case) can't allow you to see the whole picture I can no longer say I care. Your attempts at making me a criminal by violating the constitution all for the sake of your personal well being is selfish and narrow sighted.   You are whats wrong with this country...    Would you make these same arguments at an NRA meeting?    Once again, you are not the master of your own destiny. If you were then you would be in complete control which of course you are not regardless as to whether you have a gun or not. Your actions may even prove to be responsible for something that isn't righteous or true.   You as a sheep simply do not understand.   Guns are a tool that can fail. You have to realize that. You are also possible of failure because of a gun. This again shows that you are not the master of your own destiny.  Round and round... Of course guns can fail... people can fail.... hammers can fail... But I am willing to die trying. YOU won't even stand up for yourself... You have rolled onto your back and shown your belly already! And when that day your brother kills your sister/mother/family member what will you say at the funeral... what will the eulogy be? "I knew my brother was out of control, I only wish I could have enacted more gun control laws in time!"  Pitiful   I'd debate that if the criminal wants to kill you then you are already dead. My friend is a black belt and awesome in karate. I could beat him in a hand to hand fight if he was unsuspecting enough. If he doesn't anticipate my criminal intentions then he would lose. The same would go for you if a criminal was to attack you while you were unaware of his intentions. Again, proof that you are not the masters of your own destiny.   Karate for the most part is whats at the mall.. USELESS! CQB, Stamina drills, Boxing/kickbocing and Brazillian Jiusitsu (my opinion of course) but thats another subject..  Your theme is well noted.... "Might as well give up cause they will probably win anyways!"  Pitiful   A gun being aimed at you may not even give you time to draw your own gun before you are dead especially if you don't see it coming or you are outnumbered. A gun can get you killed just as it can save you. Guess what this shows?   Your solution? Stand there and get shot... My solution... Look for all posibillities and act decisevly... (I would not pull my gun if one were that close to my head)  You?  Pitiful    You believe guns are the key to controlling your destiny and this is of course false, you just don't realize it. I never suspected that you were this blinded by the power of a gun until now and I have to begin to question some of the stuff you have said in previous posts. If you believe a gun is the ultimate answer to controlling your destiny then you are blinded by your love of guns and cannot rationally debate them. I can see why you also think that conventional logic is extremist logic. You don't think like a conventional person would and you therefore see everyone who disagrees with you as using logic that doesn't seem realistic and therefore is extreme. To each his own I guess as I cannot even begin to believe that I can show you my point of view if you believe that I am an extremist and you believe that guns are the controller of destiny.   OH FOR THE LOVE OF G-D! I AM THE MASTER OF MY OWN DESTINY! I do not carry a gun it is not allowed in my "state". I am in no less control than when I someday will be able to.. You are projecting a stance I simply do not have. If you are looking for an excuse to "bow out" with your belly shown just go as this display of victimhood turns my stomache and makes me want to weep for my countrymen.   I will leave you with the words of Patriot Samuel Adams:  "If ye love wealth better than liberty, the tranquility of servitude better than the animating contest of freedom, go home from us in peace. We ask not your counsels or your arms. Crouch down and lick the hands, which feed you. May your chains set lightly upon you, and may posterity forget that ye were our countrymen."   -Samuel Adams
I am going to condense this as its getting too long   The majority of the time you will be just fine if you cooperate with the criminal although resisting him may result in death. You could easily lose control of your fate simply by pulling your gun at the wrong time or having it be seen by the wrong person. That is conventional logic.    Show me the statistics on your first point. Of the disproportionate number of rape victims I have had come through one of my unarmed combat classes the majority were told to not to resist. You know what... They were raped 100% of the time. These women sought out a way to protect themselves so that it would never happen again. To them some things are much worse than death. If your brother killed someone you loved and shot you within an inch of your life I would bet my arsenal your opinion to be "a good doggie" and roll to show your tummy and XXXX yourself would change... Either that or you would break down. That my friend is reality.  knowing I may be killed, Knowing that I may be killed no matter what I do. I choose to say no to being the victim. I refuse to die on my knees. I refuse to let this criminal be 100% in control. This is how I am (or my students) are the masters of my/thier destiny.   Most of these women when they joined have told me they would kill themselves before they would let it happen again. Now they make a similar comment but the killing part is on a slightly different "subject".   Which of these women are you?       You seem to think that I will simply get killed because I don't have a gun. I don't know why you assume this but you do so have at it. I'd rather have a gun than be unarmed but I'm not going to be so blind as to believe that without a gun I will die and with a gun I am in control. I cannot see why you think this way and it is most frustrating to me.     NO I DONT! How many times do I have to say this. Please quote me so I can see where I failed to convey this message to you!    The federal government is now an extremist as well? This went from a single person being an extremist to the entire government in a matter of moments? Shesh, no wonder you want anarchy.  Was waco an extreme response to a suposed tax violation? was shooting randy weaver's son in the back and his wife thhrough the head and extreme reaction for supposedly selling a shotgun with a stock 3/8 too short?  I don't want anarchy. Please read the link at the bottom of my tagline to see what I want.     It may deter but it still doesn't mean that you are in total charge just because you have a gun.   Never said I did. You applied this reasoning to me. I keep telling you its just another tool   You train for this but you have to admit that even a single person could defeat you if they wanted to and there is really nothing you could do about it. The extremist government would actually have the best chance of protecting you if someone was out to get you.    Didn't I already cover this? Show me where I ever said a gun was an absolute?   lol, if you want to debate statistics I have to do no more than point out how many gun deaths the US has per year already to debate that guns are not going to save lives. If you want to end gun deaths you can eliminate the guns and in the US that saves a lot of lives on paper.  Eliminating guns? OK eliminate guns.... Will you do this before or after you eliminate drugs and prostitution... oh oh what about gambling.... then I guess you better eliminate knives too... don't forget cars!    Wow, that whole statement there makes you look really intelligent. Good job trying to stay on target here instead of using ad hominem arguments.   That was not ad hominen.. Actually its an observation. You said that "people like my brother are why we need gun control" Now while I did not respond with happy words my point was made. You want to restrict MY rights because you allow your brother to point a gun at you and refuse to diffuse a life threatening situation because you don't want to get your mommy mad.   lol, to follow up your last paragraph you now show that you are unwilling to read before responding. I never compared you to my brother so I hope you will do the right thing and retract this entire paragraph.    "people like my brother are why we need gun control" Either you think that I am like your brother and need to be regulated or your willing to assume I am guilty before innocent simply because I have a gun. You want to regulate my lawful activities based on your pshycopath of a brother. My feeling that you compared me to your brother is so much less of a stretch than this mis information you keep using stating that a gun is an absolute.        I don't understand? Are you sure that you believe that having a gun means you have complete control over your destiny? lol, talk about not understanding :)   There you go again. You love the idea that guns kill and you are so sure that they will kill. I can't believe you support guns at all with how much killing you say that they do.    ***YAWN***  Yet for the gazillionth time you are attributing points to me that I do not hold.    Nah karate is beneficial in my opinion. You do improve your strength and stamina as well as becoming more disciplined and confident in yourself. Plus you get the added ability of being able to protect yourself in a hand to hand combat and even help prevent injury in a major fall. I think the benefits of karate are almost endless but your right, this is another topic.  heh heh heh.. (laughing at this notion..) moving on....    My theme is that you are wrong in your assumption that you are in complete control as long as you have a gun. If someone wanted to kill you then you are already dead. So yes you will always be open for defeat even if you have a gun. The knowledge and weapon doesn't hurt to have but it doesn't make you in complete control of your destiny. I hope you realize that.  ***YAWN***  Yet for the gazillionth time you are attributing points to me that I do not hold.  (I will be using this line everytime you bring up this wrong assumption)    lol, my solution is your solution, not to pull a gun if one were close to my head. At least we agree on something :) But again my point was that you are not going to be in complete control of your destiny just because you have a gun. If someone gets the jump on you then it doesn't matter if you have a gun or not. Your destiny will be in their hands. I just want to make you see this.   ***YAWN***  Yet for the gazillionth time you are attributing points to me that I do not hold.  But I will say this.. Having a gun potentialy increases your odds of survival in some circumstances[/b] in which you would otherwise be killed..    Well I still fail to understand what you mean by you are the master of your own destiny. Do you really know what destiny even is? Of course your stance is as I've stated and I only am quoting what you have stated in your posts. If your stance is otherwise then why do you keep repeating it the same way?   Lets just leave this as you don't get it.    lol victimhood? I'd rather be a victim than a corpse. I have a feeling that in the case of an actual crime you would be more likely to be a corpse than I would be. You would create a problem without the need to do so by bringing guns into a tense situation while I would try to diffuse the situation. So who is more likely to walk away, you or me? You just sound like you're out to cause trouble.   This is why you are sheep. You are leaving the choice of being a victim or a corpse up to your assailiant. I am moving it to myself. You assume I would not try to "diffuse" the situation but rather come out swinging, shooting, whatever. You are so one sided that you wouldn't even consider that I might. 1. Play victim to a point  that the scumbag thinks he is in control. 2. try to talk the guy out of it. 3. run The difference is that I am choosing what my response would be to the point that best suits my life. I do not leave it up to the criminal. He does not have my interests in heart.  Answer these:  A mugger approaches you with a knife which ones would you allow him to do?  1. take your wallet?  2. take your girlfriends wallet.  3. fondle your girlfriend  4. fondle you.  5. put you in the back of his van  6. handcuff you  7. blindfold you  8. rape your girlfriend  9. rape you  10. Kill your girlfriend  11. Kill you?  Now answer the same question if this guy had a gun   I am not trying to trap you here. I use a questionare very similar to this at my CQB school.    I'm proud of this country and am glad to see that the majority is sensible in their wants. I don't believe that you are trying to be sensible and nor do you seem to be asking for something that is in the interest of this nation. You just seem to want to have your way and I don't know what your intentions are if you were to get your way but I for one would be suspicious of them.    You suspicious of me? I don't want ANYTHING from you... You however want something from me.  Are you sure you are in the majority?  (ok so I didn't really condense this yet)
Ya think so? Boy, think of it, all that training and I could have just had someone read me the instructions! All the money I could have saved, all the time! I would give you about a 1 in 50 chance if getting it on the ground (note I said ground, not even runway) without killing someone. I would give you about a 1 in 100 chance of getting it on the ground without bending it. Man, I wish I could take you up in a 76, let you sit in my seat, and try to talk you through a landing. That is one of the dumbest things I ever heard. There is a little more to it than push forward, trees get bigger, pull back they get smaller! Pull back too much, they get bigger in a hurry! I would also love to see you fly just a simulator in IMC (in the clouds, no outside visual reference). I would try to talk you down, but as you came spinning out of the sky I don't think I would have time. What's the weather like over in fantasy land today?   Yes absolutley. Any thirteen year old with "flight simulator" could do as good a job as you. How to land a plane Why are you pilots so arrogant... This explains your snobbish attitude towards those who you suppsedly agree with you. I was a loadmaster in the Air-force for a while and practiced emergency drills with the pilot so I could (in an emergency) be guided (which became obviously unneccesarry) to land both 130s and 141s. So I know the drill.    Besides... don't most commercial airlines have planes that all but land themselves? Those guys aren't even bus drives anymore... More like subway drivers.... get off yourself!    What is the ideal cockpit crew? A pilot and a dog...the pilot is there to feed the dog, and the dog is there to bite the pilot in case he tries to touch anything.  How many pilots does it take to change a light bulb? Just one. He holds the bulb and the world revolves around him.  How do you know if a pilot is at your party? He'll tell you.  How do you know when you are half way through a date with a pilot? Because he says: "That's enough about flying, let's talk about me"!  Little boy to airline pilot: "You're a pilot?!?!? That must be exciting." Pilot: "Not if I do it right."
I want to note that you forgot (intentional?) to respond to this.  "I didn't ask who could land the plane. You said that "But I will not stand down and sit idle and hope others will come to my rescue in the event of a disaster" and I asked if in the case of a plane disaster if you would begin to pilot the plane. I wanted to know if you are willing to depend on the pilot or not in the case of a disaster as this would defeat your stated opinion."  I responded to your questions so I would hope you will respond to mine.   d00d the post is so long. Of course I would depend on the pilot and his training (or the computers that fly the planes for them).... But as the MASTER of MY OWN DESTINY I chose to put myself in that position..   We can let this go you obviously don't understand... Its a state of mind. Of conscious choices. I bet when you get on a plane you don't even think of such things...   Anyway this is getting off topic... Answer my knife/Gun quiz above and we can leave the absurdly long posts behind us...
lol, if you have to ask then the point is already lost on you.   This is a non answer  What percent of those who resisted are now dead? That is exactly the point. You encourage resistance but won't admit that resistance has its disadvantages! Also you must be assuming that your arsenal would be an option at all if you were attacked. Reality would be that the criminal is looking to accomplish something with minimal difficulty and making as clean of a get away as possible. You would make both impossible and therefore people would of course get hurt. That is reality.   You don't GET IT. You don't know me. I explained in the previous post that these women would rather DIE than be a victim again. That possibillity is a reality, Just as I said if you are staring down a barrel of a gun your chances are slim to none. However there comes a point when you must decide if you are a sheep or a goat. You put that choice of life and death in the criminal gun or no gun.   We got to move back on topic... We can just leave it as you don't get it.   That still doesn't make you master of your destiny. If you have no control then you are not master of your destiny. You can refuse to die on your knees but that doesn't prevent death from coming to you. Therefore the criminal would be 100% in control. You can try and convince yourself that you are in control just because you refuse to get on your knees but that doesn't mean that you are in control at all.   By choosing not to die on my knees yes I died standing/fighting but I chose to say NO you will have no dominion over me! again you don't get it so lets cut all this out and stick to guns   I congratulate them for their willingness to die to protect themselves. That takes a lot of guts to do but that still doesn't make them master of their destiny. I'd also encourage them to learn some karate to go along with weapons skills as it will improve their hand to hand combat which will be most beneficial in that situation.  I suggest they apply for a ccw and take martial arts such as Brazillian jiu-jitsu as Karate does not work on bigger stronger men BJJ at least works the positions that a young women might find herself in.   lol, need I remind you that you said you are master of your destiny. This would mean that you are in control. You also preach resistance and use of force. This would indicate violence will occur anyways so be pre-emptive. I just get the feeling that you are obsessed with the idea that violence will occur and you need a gun to save your life. But if you don't think that this is the case then at least I can see you have not lost complete touch with reality. Still I cannot understand your obsession with being in control of your reality based on having a gun.   Again I remind you I do not carry a gun on me. I do not teach violence I teach self defense. I teach marksmanship, I teach Close Quarter Combat techniques (both armed and unarmed). I am obsessed with training the body and mind for a myriad of purposes.. Not that in the UNLIKLEY event you will be confronted with violence. I teach preparedness. You have put yourself in a very violent situation with your brother and you FAILED to act. If anyone dies from your negligence it will be as much your fault as it is your brothers.     You don't want anarchy, you just don't want any more gun laws and it doesn't go beyond that correct? I'm guessing your views are libertarian based on pieces of your posts?  Repeal of unconstitutional laws Gun laws, Drug laws, etc. You are just now figuring out I am a Libertarian? I mentioned several times in the past that I run for various offices under the Libertarian party!   I gave an example, I never suggested that it was a good idea to eliminate guns. I wanted to show that statistics could show whatever you want them to show on paper. But just to answer your question, I would eliminate drugs first of course. Gambling is perfectly fine with me although it has to be controlled. Knives are too easy to make to eliminate so why even try? Cars cannot be eliminated unless teleportation is developed. At that time cars can be eliminated. Which order would you eliminate them in anyways?   I would not deny ANYONE any of these things... I Libertarian, Your respons TOTALITARIAN.   Why would that mean that you are like my brother? I singled out my brother as an unusual case. How does that mean that everyone is like him including yourself? I realize you are not my brother and probably no one else in the world is, unless he has a twin!!!! (DAAAAH)  because you want to regulate me based on the actions of your (criminal) brother...   I want to regulate you because I cannot trust you. I think you want too many freedoms and that will open up security risks for those who truly are good citizens. I think that you and people like you are asking for way too much to be doing it just for the good of mankind. You are out to accomplish something other than what you are stating therefore I cannot say that I trust you. So although you are not my brother, I cannot trust you more than I trust my brother. You are too fanatical about your belief.   Ah eliminate guns for "the common good". Eliminate the jews "for the common good", Eliminate freedom of religion "for the common good".  "So although you are not my brother, I cannot trust you more than I trust my brother"  But you trust your government more? The government has killed many more people than I have. In fact have I EVER indicated I would be willing to shoot anyone? (invading armies aside).  Please quote me where I am "fanatical". You civil rights violator are the one who is fanatical and the pshycology behind your views is very scary.    You have yet to clarify what you mean then. Let me help you. You are master of your destiny.  Destiny - an event (or course of events) that will inevitably happen in the future.  Therefore you are the master of what will happen to you in the future or what is currently happening to you. Do you realize type of mindset you would have to have in order to believe this? That is why I question your ability to understand a lot about this debate. I'm not sure whether or not you believe that you truly are master of your destiny or not. If you actually believe that you are then you are a few bricks short of a building.    You are trying to take a literal approach to a non literal concept. And for this thread lets move on.    hehe, yeah I think it is pretty cool too. You stated that you wouldn't pull your gun if someone had one by your head. You are obsessed with being master of your destiny and if you knew karate you would have quick enough reflexes to have a chance at taking any gun that was put near your head. Yet interestingly you think this is a joke. lol :)   Wrong! Karate has no chance of gun disarmament. Some Systems have better disarmament techniques than others. McDojo teaching punches and kicks in the air while bowing in a fake japanese/Korean setting is not going to teach you this. Anyways it is not the system its the practicioner+the system.    You still don't understand what you are really saying, do you? I can't say that I'm surprised as it would seem that you have lost some touch with reality IMO. I used to think you were a pretty down to Earth person when it came to the gun control debate but lately you seem to be getting crazier with your debates and now that you are claiming that a gun makes you a God because it allows you to be master of your destiny, I can see my assumptions about you in the past were inaccurate.   WILL YOU PLEASE STOP ATTRIBUTING THINGS TO ME WHICH ARE NOT TRUE!  ***YAWN***  Yet for the gazillionth time you are attributing points to me that I do not hold.   I also don't care if you use the same line over and over again. You are stating something that is absolutely insane and I'm going to call you on it as it will pertain to this debate.  ***YAWN***  Yet for the gazillionth time you are attributing points to me that I do not hold.   Quote me where I say these things that give you this FALSE impression.   This is particularly confusing as you believe a gun potentially increases your odds of survival yet you are still master of your destiny. That is really a strange point of view to take. Wouldn't you admit this is a strange statement?  ***YAWN***  Yet for the gazillionth time you are attributing points to me that I do not hold.   Drop the master of destiny thing as you don't get it.    As far as I can tell I am making the logical statement here. You don't seem to know what destiny actually is and even if you do know what it is then you are crazy to believe a gun or anything else will make you master of it.  ***YAWN***  Yet for the gazillionth time you are attributing points to me that I do not hold.   A gun does not make me anything. Neither does that figure of speech you are held up on.    lol you are the sheep. You believe that a gun makes you master of your destiny. I'm sure someone told you this and now you follow it to the letter like a sheep. I make my own decisions as the situation changes. I don't depend on a gun making me master of my destiny. I believe I can help my cause by making decisions that make sense in a particular situation.  Ok rubber glue right I am the sheep, good argument. The only "decision" you make is to roll on your back and expose your tummy... If it gets even harsher you may pee yourself. Yeah some goat you are!   the rest:  ***YAWN***  Yet for the gazillionth time you are attributing points to me that I do not hold.   The criminal will often has is own interests in heart which will be to get what he wants and make a clean getaway. He isn't going to want a fight or to murder anyone as it will lower his risk-reward ratio.   And your willing to bet your life on this?    lol, well I could ask you the same questions and you would probably have the same answers. You would eventually fall back on pulling your gun which would probably get you and your girlfriend killed. I'm sure you think you become master of your own destiny just because you pull your gun but in actuality you don't. Think this way is only going to get you in trouble!    I bet you are wrong if you were honest.  and  ***YAWN***  Yet for the gazillionth time you are attributing points to me that I do not hold.    Well if I can only answer yes or no then number 3 is where it becomes no. Number 3 is where the criminal is going to be focused on something other than what his intent is and will allow me to have a chance to strike at him and with good cause. Karate is valuable in this sort of situation although you may not believe that it is. The only time that karate becomes useless is when you are in gun sites from a distance and since this case has a knife then I have the option of force with me at all times. I'd also be willing to guess that step 3 is where you would take a stand as well since it would be your best opportunity and best risk-reward. Wallets mean nothing compared to the life of you and your girl so there is no reason to risk them over such a simple thing.   Now answer the same question specifically if this guy has a gun and says he is going to kill you..  If you respond to nothing in this post respond to this.    I'm suspicious because I think you may actually believe that you are master of your destiny. You are a little crazy in the assumption and to have someone like you on the streets with a gun cannot be a positive thing. You are going to hurt someone or get hurt yourself so of course I'm suspicious of you. I don't know how far you have gone already but I know I wouldn't want to be there when you go further. You sound like the type of person that makes the case for gun control seem like a perfect idea.   ***YAWN***  Yet for the gazillionth time you are attributing points to me that I do not hold.   Also I hope the majority believes that no one can be master of their own destiny simply because they have a weapon.    ***YAWN***  Yet for the gazillionth time you are attributing points to me that I do not hold.
"Liberty in our Life Time!  The Free State Project."  Oh snap. I didn't even put two and two together here until now. I heard about the Free State Project on the radio the other day and it is run by a bunch of Libertarians. So I guess that does mean you are one of them. Are you actually part of the Free State Project? Are you one of them that are moving to New Hampshire?  Yes I am a voting member and yes I am moving to New Hampshire.
Ok tough guy. That was actually amusing. I liked the HOW TO LAND A PLANE thing. might work in a cessna...might.   Hah hah! you are such a stereotypical pilot.... How do you get that big head into the cockpit!  Your right... you wouldn't need it in a regular commercial jet as they can land themselves now, jr.  Oh heres another from Maxim Magazine  How to Land a Plane (a 767 no less!)
That one was even better, I printed it out, I am going to take it to work with me, everyone loves a good joke.  Hey gun hater pilot what does your post have to do with the topic of gun control?  Or like all hate group members if you cannot win an argument you try to disrupt it!  Hey here is the definition of infringement  1. 1 : the act of infringing  2 : an encroachment or trespass on a right or privilege  So tell me how you are pro right to bear arms if you want  limits on that right?
It was not addressed to you.  If you would notice this is not your private message board!  Hey gun hater pilot what does your post have to do with the topic of gun control?  Or like all hate group members if you cannot win an argument you try to disrupt it!  Hey here is the definition of infringement  1. 1 : the act of infringing  2 : an encroachment or trespass on a right or privilege  So tell me how you are pro right to bear arms if you want  limits on that right?
ok, true it is not my private message board. so let me explain. it was a response to another persons post on this board who can debate another intelligently without falsely labeling them as a "gun hater"...so therefore it did not apply to you.  Once again you need to notice this is not your private message board!  Gun hater pilot gun haters like you that want gun control laws that infringe on the right to bear arms! This is why you are called a gun hater!   Gun hater pilot we have seen how you respond to people that don to agree with you, you use insults! Gun haters like the other hate groups try to vilify their opponents!  Hey here is the definition of infringement  1. 1 : the act of infringing  2 : an encroachment or trespass on a right or privilege  So tell me how you are pro right to bear arms if you want  limits on that right?
Ok, your right, I will try not to call you names and continuously falsely label you as a member of a hate group. I will also not post the same worthless XXXX 20 times in a row, as some people might be getting sick of me spamming on the thread.  Once again you need to notice this is not your private message board!  Gun hater pilot gun haters like you that want gun control laws that infringe on the right to bear arms! This is why you are called a gun hater!   Gun hater pilot we have seen how you respond to people that don to agree with you, you use insults! Gun haters like the other hate groups try to vilify their opponents!  Hey here is the definition of infringement  1. 1 : the act of infringing  2 : an encroachment or trespass on a right or privilege  So tell us gun hater pilot how you are pro right to bear arms if you want  limits on that right?
You don't really seem to undestand that its a risk to national security...  Should we be allowed to carry rocket launchers? Assault rifles? Gernades? C4?  You may wish to visit the atf web site before you say what is not allowed to be carried around.  The risk is from criminals and terorist who do not obey gun comtrol laws!  What do you have to fear of the law abiding citizen carrying any of the items you mentioned? Nothing!   But keep up the good work at attacking the rights of the law abiding citizens and do nothing ot the criminals or terorist!
But rocket launchers, C4, grenade, and assault weapons are all arms? Why can't we carry them around? Perhaps because there are laws? Do you accept this? How can you accept someone limiting your right to bear arms? Perhaps because there needs to be some limits? And let me ask you, If you were brought into a room full of 100 people, and told you that 1 of them might be a criminal, could you pick him out? What if we give all those 100 people assault weapons and put them on a plane? Would you get on the plane knowing that 1 of them might be a criminal? On the street, I have no problem with someone carrying an ak47. They are less likely to kill 300 people, and if they do start shooting, I can shoot back, run, or let the cops deal with him. In an airplane, there is nowhere to go. There might not be an air marshall or any of your "armed, trained, law abiding citizens" to deal with him. You can't pull over and get a cop. So why arm a plane ful of people, when you know that you could be letting armed terrorists on board? If you seriously want to debate, then answer these questions honestly and logically.  Once again gun haters you need to visit atf web site to see what is legal before you allow your mouth to over run you backside!  Again with the what if games. Gun haters only what if the negative about guns never the positive!  Once again we see the gun hater logic of unarmed law abiding citizens dying at the hands of box cutter welding terrorist preferred to law abiding citizens carrying arms onto an airplane!  Oh by the way did not a gun hater state they would not allow a law enforcement officer onto an airplane simply because they did not like how they looked at him. This would mean you can tell who is a criminal!
"First, we believe in absolutely gun-free, zero-tolerance, totally safe schools. That means no guns in America's schools, period ... with the rare exception of law enforcement officers or trained security personnel.   "We believe America's schools should be as safe as America's airports. You can't talk about, much less take, bombs and guns onto airplanes. Such behavior in our schools should be prosecuted...."   NRA Executive Vice President Wayne R. LaPierre, Jr.  Ahhh, another "gun hater" at his best huh?'  First did the totally gun free zones at school work at columbine? The criminals at columbine did not obey the gun free zones only the law abiding citizens did!  Second what did the totally gun free zones on the airplanes do on 9/11? So now box cutters are banned. Well the next airplane to be hijacked, the terrorist will simply obey the new rules and still hijack the airplanes!  The people that made these areas gun free need to be held accountable for the deaths of the law abiding citizens! The courts have ruled that the victims can hold them accountable!   If a company or government is going to disarm its citizens then that company or government is responsible for the safety of the unarmed citizens. But then again the gun haters do not want to be held accountable for these death!  Gun haters like you "simply" do not understand this!  This is my opinion and I am entitled to it, no matter how many names you call me or what you think of it!  This is another thing gun haters hate, is people having a different opinion. Gun haters feel they have the right to force people to disarm then not accept the responsibility for the safety of the unarmed law abiding citizens!  Oh and NRA Executive Vice President Wayne R. LaPierre, Jr.is entitled to his opinion!
No, they did not. Had they actually been enforced, they would have.  The laws were enforced the law abiding citizens were obeying them, the criminals did not!   With what, car keys? You seem to ignore the fact that on the morning of 9/11, anyone could carry a knife with up to 4" blade on it? They did not prevent the hijackings either. So why would it be any different with guns?.  You ignore the fact that the next time terrorist hijack another airplane they will simply use what is allowed on the airplane, as they did on 9/11!     I never challenged your right to have an opinion. This is a debate forum, and opinions are what make this work. I obviously don't agree with your position, but if you backed it up with logic and factual evidence, then maybe I could at least see your side of it clearly. Instead, you attack anyone with a different opinion than yours, label them as "gun hater", and refuse to debate any points or answer any questions. My opinion is that guns do not belong on an airplane in the hands of citizens. I think the government has taken responsibility for the law abiding citizens by ensuring that nobody can carry a gun or other dangerous weapon on board a plane. Would you want it the same way if guns were allowed on board and your entire family was killed by a terrorist or psycho with a gun? Or would you then blame the government and airline for their deaths?.   A gun hater is a member of a hate group. Hate groups want to take rights away from other people. Since you want laws that only affect the law abiding citizens right to bear arms you are a gun hater. Not one gun free zone prevents a criminals from bringing a gun into it!  They do however stop law abiding citizens from exercising their right to bear arms!  9/11 proved gun free airplanes do not work!   Guns were not allowed on the airplanes on 9/11 and over 3000 law abiding Americans paid a price for that!  Yes the government and airlines are responsible for the deaths of the victims on 9/11. By disarming people they assume responsibility for their safety.   Yes, he certainly is. The question was, IS HE A "GUN HATER" because he proposes these limits? By your logic, he would have to be. My opinion is that he understands that some common sense gun control laws are neccesary and at the same time fights for the rights of gun owners. What is wrong with this? And what is your opinion?  Without reading the whole speech I do not know if he defended gun free zones and then said as I do the government is responsible for the safety of the unarmed citizens.  Now if he is demanding gun laws as other gun haters do that would disarm the law abiding citizens, and then not be responsible for the unarmed citizens yes he would be a gun hater!  Your common sense is to disarm the law abiding citizen by gun control laws that criminals do not obey!   No such thing as common sense limits on a right!  Gun haters have the same traits as criminals and terrorist, they have no respect for other peoples rights!
Again, no, they were not enforced. Putting a law on the books and putting up a sign is not enforcement. Enforcement is using screeners and technology to ensure that the guns do not get in the school.  Once again for the last time since gun haters seem to not want to accept the fact that gun free school zones were enforced. The law abiding citizens at any school that has a shooting obeyed the laws. The criminals did not!  Results dead law abiding citizens!    I ignore nothing...I asked you, what do they have left to take over a plane with? The magazines in the seatback? Car keys? Remember, that every citizen getting on a plane can carry anything that a terrorist can. They could on 9/11 too, but this did not prevent the hijackings. Why do you assume that allowing people to carry guns on board will make that difference? Suppose the terrorists are the only one on the plane that flight that have a gun?.  Again the terrorist will obey the rules to board the airplanes. Then the terrorist will use whatever the government or airlines allow on the airplanes to hijack them, as they did on 9/11. Basically a weapon is anything used to threaten to harm or kill a person. People not wanting to be harmed or killed will comply with the terrorist demands, as they did on 9/11. One group of people on one airplane decided they did not want to die and resisted. It appears they saved untold innocent law abiding citizens lives by doing so. I guess you are angry at these people for endangering the aircraft by resisting the terrorist!   Oh hey what did the passengers that resisted use? Bare hands maybe? Yes you can also use you hands to kill people. And this is enough for some people to not want to confront terrorist. Just the threat of physical force will make some people comply!   I only want laws that affect law abiding citizens? Does not ensuring that everybody getting on a plane does not have a weapon affect everyone getting on the plane? This includes law abiding citizens and criminals / terrorists. Why do you chose to ignore that fact. And the airports are perfect examples of gun free zones that prevent guns. BECAUSE THEY ENFORCE IT WITH THE APPROPRIATE SECURITY MEASURES. It could be the same with schools if every school had the proper enforcement. Enforcement means assuring compliance with a law. Like having the ability to screen people and assure that they do not break the law.   Gun free airplanes and schools worked, the criminals and terrorist were able to commit their crimes because no one could resist them!    No, 9/11 proved that we should not allow any weapons on board an aircraft, as arming the terrorists only makes their job easier. Being that there were no guns on planes on 9/11, i would say the gun free zone worked. The problem was, we let other weapons on, ie...knives, and this worked to arm the terrorists.    A weapon is anything that can be used to threaten to harm or kill a person to force them to comply with your demands! Criminals and terrorist used these gun free zones to their fullest advantage! Gun haters should be happy the gun haters made the criminals and terrorist jobs easier!   Again, do you know that guns would have prevented it? Do you know if anyone would have been carrying a gun on board other than the terrorists? How can you blame not having guns on board for 9/11? The 9/11 terrorists could have just shot everyone on board and still flown the plane into the buildings. Dead bodies in a plane cause just as much damage as live bodies do.    Again you do not know if guns would not have prevented it. Gun haters never what if anything good outcomes with guns because gun haters want to ban guns!  Well, I think his comment pretty much speaks for itself. So by your logic, Wayne is a "gun hater". Very nice. I'm sure many, many people would agree with you...sure. That is the most rediculous thing I have ever heard.  Without reading the complete speech one does not know what his side is!
They obviously were not enforced. Did they have screeners at columbine before the shootings? Did they have completely controlled entrance to the school. Did they search people? Did they have metal detectors? This is enforcement. The laws were not enforced, result, dead people. If they had all of these things in place at Columbine, it would have never happened.    Gee the law abiding citizens at the gun free zones did not need to be searched or pass through metal detectors they were obeying the law. The criminals that killed them were not obeying the law pertaining to gun free zones!  It appears gun hater you concept of a civilized country is all citizens are treated like criminals, passing through check points being searched randomly! Are these more common sense restrictions the gun haters want?   That's one of the worst arguments I have seen by anyone on this thread. Again, what weapons do they have to use now? Yes, they can use their hands, but as we saw on 9/11, so can the passengers. And I find it would be hard to hijack a plane with a pair of hands...don't you? And I am proud of the people that fought back, they did what they should have. It has also happened since 9/11 that passengers have subdued criminals and would-be terrorists on planes. That proves that this works. Passengers can fight back with their hands and be effective.    Once again for the gun hater the threat of physical force is enough to force some people to comply. And yes what about the people that resisted on the one plane. Did they cause it to crash? You know your constant harping about a law abiding citizen doing the same thing with a gun. Are you going to blame them for wanting to resist?   They were able to commit their crimes on the planes because: 1. they had weapons that they are not allowed to have now. 2. the passengers did not know that the terrorists were on a suicide mission.   The passengers who did find out (united 93) were the ones who fought back and saved countless lives on the ground. Before 9/11, people thought of hijackings as a couple of terrorists taking over a plane and going to cuba, demanding money, or some other political end. Few people envisioned them as taking over planes to use as weapons. That is why people were always told to comply and obey terrorists. The game is different now, and we now know we must fight back. If a plane full of people can figure that out in a few minutes by making a cell phone call, perhaps the rest of us who have had time to reflect on the events of 9/11 would have a good understanding that fighting back is no longer just an option, it is neccesary.   Well if you are going to disarm people then you accept the responsibility of any thing happening. What happens is your security people sit down and think about how a terrorist will hijack a plane. Interesting how gun haters always claim times are changing!     They were able to commit the crimes at Columbine because: 1. Nobody was waiting at the door to stop them, there were laws in place, but nobody to carry out the enforcement of the laws. PERIOD.   The laws were enforced the law abiding citizens were obeying them, not one law abiding citizen had a gun in the gun free zones at the school!  You are right, they might have prevented it, they might not have. Is it possible that they may have been the only ones on board with guns...yes. But skip that part, lets lay it out.  1. 3 terrorists stand up, you are the only armed person on the plane. You shoot all three before they can shoot you or anyone else...unlikely, but lets say you do. WOW. Your a hero, you can go on Leno and get your I'm a hero with a gun medal, and everyone will think you are just great. WOW.  2. 3 terrorists stand up, you are the only armed person on the plane. You shoot 2 of the terrorists before the 3rd on kills you. I guess you are still a hero of sorts, but sorry, they will only be able to put the medal in your grave with you, and no Leno.   3. 3 terrorists stand up, nobody else on board is armed, they win..   Once again nothing but bad what ifs. What if law abiding citizens with gun saved the airplanes?   Now let me ask you, you seem to feel very strongly about who to hold responsible. Would you be willing to take personal responsibility if someone with a gun hijacked a plane and ran it into another tall building? After all, you pushed to have the guns on there. Would you fight a lawsuit naming you as responsible for the plane full of people and those killed on the ground? Would you be willing to take responsibility if you accidentally shot someone on the plane while in a shootout with a terrorist? What if someone pulls out their gun to show someone else and they accidentaly shoot the person, or themselves. Will you take responsibility. After all, you pushed to have the guns on the plane. Truth is, if you push to have the guns on the plane, then you are responsible for the safety of everyone on the plane. If a terrorist kills someone with a gun, you are just as much responsible, after all, you wanted him to be able to walk on the plane with a gun. You say, the people who have forced others to give up their rights should be held responsible for the safety of the unarmed, so by the same logic, if you push to have guns on board, you are then responsible for anyone who gets killed by one of those guns.   People defending the right to bear arms have always said a person using a gun is responsible for any things that happens when they use a gun!   Gun haters are the ones that blame the gun for the person commiting crimes with guns!   How about that? They are very clear, especially where he says "this means no guns in America's schools, period." Somehow it does not surprise me that you don't get this.  Once again without reading the complete speech one does not know how this was said.
   So by your logic, wait until someone hijacks a plane and drives it into a building, or at least kills a few people on the plane and lock him up then? Or let 2 kids walk into a school and kill 13 people? Did it ever occur to you that if these kids had not been able to walk into the school with the guns, 13 people would still be alive?  There is no such thing as a Constitutional crime prevention law. Any kind of legal machinery or police program to prevent a specific act of crime will violate several civil rights.  The law is meant to punish criminals or recover damages only AFTER a crime has occured.  Just from your example at the school, you violate:  1) Illegal seaches. 2) Privacy. 3) Due Process.  You can do this to children. They are not full citizens. You break several civil rights when you try this on citizens.
 DUH! What is your point?   What is the point? Gun hater your gun free zones worked at columbine and the airports. The law abiding students at that school and the people on the airplanes on 9/11 obeyed the no guns on campus and no guns on airplane law. The two criminals that walked onto that campus did not! They killed 11 law abiding students because there was no armed law abiding citizen there to stop them. The terrorist on the airplanes used the next available weapon to hijack the airplanes and fly them into tall buildings!  Oh and I will not lower myself to trying to insult you by using the word "duh" . Unlike gun haters like you I do not need to do this . But it appears gun hater such as you have a need to insult anybody they cannot win a debate with..    In airports and schools, absolutely. And enforcing a gun free zone with security checkpoints and searches is not treating people like criminals. You have no concept of what security is.  Yes it is gun hater You have stated you trust no one! Gun hater you stated you would not allow a law enforcement officer on your plane with a gun "simply based on how that law enforcement officer looked at you!". Gun hater you are paranoid! This what you tried to label people defending the right to bear arms.   Gee gun hater what happen at the LAX? Did not some criminal go into a terminal up to the security check point and start shooting? So what was the solution to this from the paranoid people? Move the check points out past the terminals now.   How is a society civilized if they search and suspect all of it citizens as you do? Not one of the security things you want will stop the terrorist the next time they hijack an airplane! But they will violate the rights of the law abiding citizens!    So if a terrorist stands up and says "anybody moves and I'll punch you in the head...this is a hijacking", people will cower in fear? I think I would probably laugh at him and tell him to sit down. I think you would find more than enough citizens who would subdue him if he didn't. And could you rephrase the rest? It made little sense to me, what do you mean?    Interesting how gun haters are all physically fit people, that can always beat up the biggest terrorist! Even the biggest person can being taken down by a group of people. Gun hater must all be like John Wayne!  So gun hater you are claiming people are not forced to do things simple because of the threat of physical force. Never heard of mugging have you gun hater? Not all muggers use guns to take rob their victims!    They aren't? You seem to think this is the 1700's, and you just might get to shoot a redcoat. Times have changed. Many things are different just since 9/11. I would call this change.  Times have changed?  It appears criminals still harm law abiding citizens as they did in the 1700's.  It appears America still has enemies as it did in the 1700's.  It appears gun haters like you still want to take rights away from other people as they did in the1700's!  So just how have times changed? Other then we now have gun free zones where criminals pretty much have a free hand to harm unarmed law abiding citizens. This gun hater must be your times have changed bs. Gun haters like you have made it easier for the criminals and terrorist! Is this change for the good of society?    What? Is your alarm on? Laws do not need to be enforced for law abiding citizens. They need to be enforced to prevent criminals from breaking them. Do you know what the word enforcement means? Enforcement is actually observing and ensuring compliance. How can you say the laws were enforced if 2 kids carried guns into school? If the had been enforcing the laws, they would have been stopped at the door.   Yes the unarmed law abiding citizens at the gun free zones at schools and airports that were killed by criminals and terrorist were doing this "Enforcement is actually observing and ensuring compliance. " The criminals were not!     Ahh, the old what if argument. This is really stupid. And actually, I did give you your what if, #1. Sure that is the best case outcome, but I am not concerned with the best case scenario, I am concerned with the worst case scenario. You could say "what if nobody ever hurt anybody again". While it sounds nice in theory, this is far from logical.    Gun haters like you always what if the negative never the positive. Why is this? Simple gun haters like you want to limit or ban the right to bear arms!  By the way gun hater you stated the what if bs!     So by your logic, wait until someone hijacks a plane and drives it into a building, or at least kills a few people on the plane and lock him up then? Or let 2 kids walk into a school and kill 13 people? Did it ever occur to you that if these kids had not been able to walk into the school with the guns, 13 people would still be alive?  Oh that is right you have the ability to tell just who is going to commit a crime! Yes I forgot you would deny a law enforcement officer on your plane with a gun simply based on how they looked at you. Gun hater you need to teach law enforcement people this ability. The police could just arrest a person before they commit a crime.   I think law enforcement works like this though. A criminal breaks the law and is apprehended by the police. Evidence it taken by the police. The criminal is given a lawyer and a date is set for court. Then a court of people decides based on evidence if the criminal is guilty or not. If not guilty the person is not punished. If guilty the criminal is sentenced to a prison term. This way a DANGEROUS person is separated from society making society safe from this DANGEROUS criminal!
I bet any reasonable person would state that I have already won this debate many times over. I'm sorry if the use of "DUH" upsets you. I guess that is a bigger insult than calling someone "gun hater" continuously.   Since you want gun control laws that infringe on the right to bear arms, yes you are a gun hater!  And yes gun hater gun free zones work. They disarm the law abiding citizens and make it easier for criminals and terrorist to kill unarmed law abiding citizens!  Gun haters like you should be happy that you made it easier for criminals and terrorist to kill unarmed law abiding citizens!  At the airports, yes. There were no guns. At Columbine, no, there were guns.   Yes the law abiding citizens obeyed the gun free zones at columbine and the airports. Results, 11 unarmed law abiding citizens killed at columbine. In the airplane unarmed law abiding citizens could not resist 4 terrorist with box cutters! Once gun haters like you should be happy that you made it easier for criminals and terrorist to kill unarmed law abiding citizens!    Exactly. So why arm the big bad terrorist with a gun?   Because you gun control laws are only obeyed by the law abiding citizen as proven at columbine! As proven on the airplanes on 9/11! Once gun haters like you should be happy that you made it easier for criminals and terrorist to kill unarmed law abiding citizens!   Yes, they have. Your extremist logic on this makes no sense.   Extremist are the gun hater like you that want to limit or ban a right in the name of security! You know paranoid people!  Oh and yes the courts have rules that the victims families can hold the government and airlines officials responsible for 9/11!  Gun hater seeing how you like to say people defending the right to bear arms have no knowledge of security, one has to wonder if you do if because of your stand on not holding business and government responsible for the unarmed citizens security! I guess dead unarmed law abiding citizen in gun free zones like schools and airplanes is your common sense approach to banning a right!
DON'T FINANCE THE MURDER OF THE BILL OF RIGHTS    [You may think this is a little severe, but read it over again, and think about it - Fred]  ALERT FROM JEWS FOR THE PRESERVATION OF FIREARMS OWNERSHIP - America's Aggressive Civil Rights Organization September 19, 2001  Why I Am Canceling My Appearance at the Freedom Summit By Aaron Zelman Executive Director, Jews for the Preservation of Firearms Ownership   Would you pay to have the Bill of Rights used as toilet paper? Would you write a check to have every liberty the Bill protects flushed into the sewer? Would you pony up your credit card for permission to be mangled in the inhuman and inhumane machinery of a corporate police state?  If your answer to these questions is no -- and hell no! and  DON'T TREAD ON ME -- then you'll understand exactly why I am  canceling my scheduled appearance at the annual Freedom Summit, the weekend of October 6 & 7, 2001.   To reach the Summit in Arizona, I would have to fly from my home in Wisconsin. This I can no longer do -- not with the latest  "heightened [and useless] airport security measures" designed to treat me like a criminal, a serf, or both.  I will never set foot on a commercial airliner until the  airlines, the airport authorities, the FAA, and all other  would-be regulators of air travel respect my rights. (And I'm  talking about inborn rights, the ones Americans have bled and  died for, not government-granted privileges that can be  withdrawn at the whim of some faceless bean counter.)  SUBMISSION ISN'T SAFETY  Tragedy and threats of war -- even the most horrible the U.S. has ever seen -- must not be allowed to become an excuse for  the murder of liberty.  Arbitrary searches don't halt violence. But as if they missed  that entire point on September 11, 2001, the airlines and the  regulators they're cozy in bed with want more of the same. Walk through their scanners. Humbly answer their questions, praying  that you don't sound nervous or "suspicious." Open your bags.  Open your purses. Open your shaving kits or your lipstick tubes. Bend over and open whatever orifice they might wish to inspect  once they've determined your willingness to submit.  Disarming me and you doesn't make the nation's skies safe.  But -- tragically missing that point, also -- these police- statist cowards now want to make sure that millions of people are deprived even of their razor blades, Girl Scout knives --  and even plastic knives from fast-food joints.   What will they want to take next? Our shoes so that we can't  kick them? Our pens so that we can't gouge them? Our teeth so  that we can't bite them? Our fingernails so that we can't claw them?   Because believe me, if we comply with their new demands -- if  we docilely go along for the sake of convenience and the false  promise of "safety" -- they will eventually take everything  that makes us free human beings. Corporate airlines and their  pals in the bureaucracy and in Congress will take our arms, our rights, our courage, and our fight-back spirit -- and leave us  as cowed as good Stalinist subjects, and as defenseless as  newborn kittens.   They saw the consequences on September 11 of disarming Americans and teaching them to be passive. And their reaction? To make us even more vulnerable, so we can't protect ourselves, each other,or our nation's freedom.  These Beltway Bozos will make us unsafe on the ground as well  as in the air. Remember several years ago, when gangs of  criminals in Florida were targeting -- and sometimes killing -- tourists who'd just gotten off airplanes? Why? Because the  thugs knew their victims were disarmed. Now, with the new FAA guidelines, airline "security" agents are busily "disarming"  travelers of their disposable razors, manicure sets, aerosol  deodorants, hairspray, corkscrews, garden shears, sparklers,  nail files, pen knives, and in one case reported by the  Sacramento Bee, even an empty ammunition box. They want to  make sure we can't fight back against anybody with any tool. "Thanks, FAA," say the criminals, as they lie in wait for  debarking passengers. "You've just made our job SO much  easier."  I say it halts here -- in my life. Furthermore, you and I have a chance to put a total stop to these abuses of our liberty  using our economic clout.  STOP COMPLYING NOW.   Don't pull out your checkbook. Don't hand over your credit  cards. Don't give the government-regulated airlines your  business. They're already in financial trouble, and they've earned it. Let them go bankrupt. Let them pay the price for  conditioning us to act like cattle and lulling us into  submission with their phony FAA-inspired promises to keep us "safe."  The airlines are private companies, even though they and the  federal government are in each others pockets (like so many  other big corporations). The jets they fly are privately owned. Airlines have the power to tell the government to go to hell.  And if they don't, then we should tell THEM to go to hell.  Give them the Smith & Wesson treatment. Remember what happened when that gun manufacturer crawled under the sheets with Bill Clinton? S&W figured it would make politically correct guns,  violate your privacy, compromise your safety, be paid off in  lucrative government contracts and get federal protection from lawsuits. Weren't the compromisers surprised when gun owners  (who they thought were paper tigers) and dealers (who they  thought would put up with anything) turned around and broke  S & W?  So let the airlines go under. Help put them under. Some  libertarian can buy up their assets for 10 cents on the dollar  and run a new airline. Flight attendants on the future LibertyAir can hand out frangible ammunition instead of pretzels. That way nobody will poke holes in a fuselage while poking holes in a  hijacker. And no costly, uniformed, authoritarian, fumble- fingered, rent-a-cop "Sky Marshals" will be needed.  To put it bluntly, corporations, regulators, and legislators  who don't approve of free, armed Americans flying on airplanes are domestic terrorists. We already saw the mass bloodshed they  helped perpetrate on September 11, after decades of encouraging  citizens to comply with evil and idiocy, decades of conditioning us to surrender our rights to anyone who makes a strident enough  demand, decades of depriving us of both mental and physical tools for serious resistance.   Why should real Americans be subjected to the herd-think that  turns so much of the rest of humanity into mere subjects? Did  our ancestors not fight to free us of such subservience?  More acts of terror are inevitable. And when they strike, the  blood of innocent people will be on the hands not only of the  attackers and their controllers, but on the hands of airline  presidents, faceless rule writers, "just-following-orders"  airline security inspectors, and authoritarians like Charles  Schumer, Barbara Boxer, Orrin Hatch, Dianne Feinstein, Peter  Jennings, and Dan Rather whose vision of utopia has their  friends in charge and the rest of us cowed, tracked, stamped,  numbered, disarmed, and helpless to resist.  FIGHT BACK WITH TECHNOLOGY & PRINCIPLES  The mission statement of the Freedom Summit   www.freedom summit.com  says: "Socialism and other coercive centralized planning schemes have failed to improve, and indeed worsened, the human condition. ...[T]he Freedom Summit encourages individuals to promote freedom in non-coercive ways which are best suited to their individual talents." I completely support that mission. But it's more  important to support it with actions than with words.  By all means, attend the Freedom Summit if you can. That is, if you can walk there, bike there, drive there, or otherwise arrive without submitting to the police state. The Summit's organizers  and speakers deserve your support. But for this and all other  activities, rethink your priorities. Don't put yourself at the  mercy of airlines, now or ever, until the police statists and  human-cattle herders relent.   Hold video conferences, not face-to-face meetings. Get on the  Internet if you haven't already and use every electronic  opportunity for communication. (You'll get more accurate, less "managed" news, too, while you're at it.)  Drive, don't fly, on your vacations or your visits to family.  If you're a pilot or flight attendant, quit if they won't allow you any meaningful self-defense. Go to work for people who don't want you to be a victim. True, that's easier said than done, but you owe it to yourself, your loved ones, and America.  Everyone: Arm yourselves and don't surrender your right to be  armed for anybody's greasy assurances that if you behave meekly enough they'll keep you safe.  Finally -- and soon: Let the airlines crash (financially) as  emphatically as they let four of their planes crash on  September 11, 2001. Don't help underwrite the bloody terror that inevitably arises from submission and disarmament.   Don't conspire in the contract-murder of the Bill of Rights.  Freely, Aaron Zelman  Executive Director, Jews for the Preservation of Firearms  Ownership       Exactly to the point...
Rev. HellH0und, I recall that you said you were coming to Australia for a visit.  Did you actually do it?  If yes, did you feel safe without having your gun around?
Kelvin has stated that he respects the rights of airlines to make up their own policy with regards to carrying guns on-board.  Kelvin must allow for ALL gun-owners then. Including potential terrorists.  Who's to say that someone doesn't board a plane, with no intent to criminal act, drinks way too much, then lets a few rounds off as he trips out
The it is a small price to pay for the thousands of lives saved yearly by civilians responsibly using firearms.
The it is a small price to pay for the thousands of lives saved yearly by civilians responsibly using firearms.  How are they saved? What are you basing this statement on?  Canada which has the same type of gun laws as the USA also doesn't have the same need for its citizens to be 'saved' either.  What's happening in countries without liberal gun-laws such as Australia? We don't have zillions being in need of saving.
I don't need you to save me with your gun and I'd rather not make it easier for a terrorist to take a gun on a plane.  I don't have a gun. I'm not sure if you're arguing against the wrong person here.  Several posters I'm responding to are about allowing people to take guns onto planes, I am against this.  I am not pro-gun. You need to adjust your sights
Sorry, I meant to direct my argument against others.  No worries.  The reason the whole issue of the aeroplane came up was Kelvin's inability to maintain a course of argument.  At one stage he's assuring the world that he believes in the natural right to carry a gun.  Next, it's not a natural right, but a legislated right re: constitution; Bill of Rights (which he wrongly maintained were wrestled from the Brits).  I pointed out that the said law says quite clearly "Shall not be infringed"  But Kelvin was happy that it is infringed, by commecial interests, but not the government.  He's reveresed this in part. He's now happy the government says no to guns in national parks (before he was adamant you could blast away at deer). Then he said he's provisionally happy about commercial interests; [roviding that they actually give some kind of notification.  He says that both airlines have a right to decide for themselves, but that guns would stop terrorists.  Oddly he accepts both the airline to allow guns on, and airports to ban guns. So, if airports are no-gun zones, how on earth are aeroplanes to get them? Do they swoop down and grab them from nets on the ground?  Thus, this is a very hard debate to keep track of, as Kelvin doesn't quite know which argument he wants.
"How are they saved? What are you basing this statement on?"  www.guncite.com, www.thecodyexpress.com and www.keepandbeararms.com have excellent articles about my words. Read around.   Comparing gun laws from differen countries them screaming about crime rates is useless. There are thousands of cultural differences between countries, which contribute to the differences you are going on about. I don't imagine you would be very happy if I were to wildly quote stats from Switzerland and Israel.   "I don't need you to save me with your gun and I'd rather not make it easier for a terrorist to take a gun on a plane." Somebody rushing the cockpit with a gun would no doubt arouse suspicion and be shot before he could do any damage on a well armed plane. As opposed to "hey that guy has a box cutter, lets sit around cowering to see what he does". Do you know why the air in commercial aircraft doesn't get stale? It is because of adjustable vents controlled from the cockpit. If bullets were to start flying, the vents would be closed slightly to account for the difference, and the aircraft would keep flying. If you are imagining a scene from aliens when a bullet goes through the wall of a plane....haw.
Rev. HellH0und, I recall that you said you were coming to Australia for a visit.  Did you actually do it?  If yes, did you feel safe without having your gun around?   I don't carry a gun here in the US. Austrailia a beutiful police state... I love all of those cameras the government is installing.... If I was an aussie I wouldn't feel safe... Your governmental fedgoons are out of control.
I don't carry a gun here in the US. Austrailia a beutiful police state... I love all of those cameras the government is installing.... If I was an aussie I wouldn't feel safe... Your governmental fedgoons are out of control.   Yes, save us, we're being repressed. Crime is plummeting, please send us guns.  And of course, after visiting our nation, we've got your DNA on file.
Why don't you, many others have no problem using these countries as examples, even though our cultures and societies differ vastly.     You hope. Or, perhaps he could kill 2 or 3 people on his way to the cockpit, or he could shoot through the forward cabin bulkhead, hit one of the pilots, or damage instrumentation in the cockpit, or put a hole in the pressure vessel, or hit a fuel tank, or hit a fuel pump contained in a fuel tank causing the plane to explode...etc. You get it? You cannot make any accurate statement on the exact turnout of events. It is safer to assure no guns board a plane, unless carried by a marshal or credentialed law enforcement official. And one more thing...who are you to guarantee that many of the passengers on the aircraft are armed? It certainly would not be mandatory to carry a gun, so just suppose that the only armed people to climb onto the plane one particular day are the terrorists. Boy, that woud suck.    Perhaps on the morning of 9/11...yes. Now...not a chance. It has already happened several times since 9/11 that the passengers...not law enforcement...have subdued unruley passengers. Prior to 9/11, a hijacking was seen as a couple people with a political agenda taking an airliner to an airport of their choosing, and bargaining for ransom of some sort (political, monetary, release of some prisoners...etc.) 9/11 changed the definition of hijacking. Now, people know they must fight back. Personally, I would rather face a terrorist with a boxcutter than one with a gun, but that's just me.     Yes, I do. But is does not seem that you do.     Not quite. It is because air...reffered to as "bleed air" is taken from the compressor section of a turbine engine. As air is spun into the compressor, there is a valve at the third compressor blade (P3 valve) that takes this air and bleeds it off of the engine...hence the term bleed air. This air then passes through something called an ACM (air cycle machine), where it is cooled and then allowed into the cabin. The air may be recycled through something called a VCM (vapor cycle machine), recooled, and sent back to the cabin, or it is discharged from he aircraft through outflow valves located at the rear of the pressure vessel. During a loss of cabin pressure, pilots do not play around opening or closing "vents". Pilots will descend the aircraft to a safe altitude (usually 10,000').     The problem here junior, is that you seem to be misinformed. At normal cruise altitudes of most airliners (30 - 40 thousand feet) the pressure outside the aircraft is very low. Normally, you will have something called a differential pressure, which is the measurement of the difference of pressure between the air outside and the air inside an aircraft. This pressure is normally 5.27 PSI in a fully pressurized aircraft. When a bullet would go flying through the side of an airplane, breaking the pressure vessel, it causes something reffered to as a rapid or explosive decompression. With the differential pressure, and the sudden weakening of one part of the structure of the aircraft, a bullet hole will turn into a huge hole within milliseconds. Take for example a balloon. Blow it up just a little bit so that is just barely stretched (pressure inside not much greater than pressure outside), and poke it with a pin...what happens? The air slowly leaks out. Now, take a balloon and blow it up so that the skin is stretched tightly (pressure inside much greater than pressure outside), and poke it with a pin...what happens? BOOM. Same thing. It has happened with aircraft before...look up the example of the United flight that landed in Honolulu missing a large section if the overhead fuselage, and some passengers (seats included). The other problems are that when pieces of the aircraft go flying out, or people or seats etc...they have the potential to take out engines, strike the wing or tail...causing serious structural damage...etc. Flying a plane with structural damage with possibly one or more engine out is not my idea of a good time....haw.   Explosive decompression due to a small hole in an aircraft is a popular myth. In reality, if you had a bullet sized hole in a plane, you would experience a hissing sound, maybe an annoying whisteling sound. An airplane is not a balloon. At 5.27 PSI, you would need a hole with an area of 17.174 sq ft in order to cause lexan (the weakest component of the crafts shell) to degrede due to compression. At 172 PSI, a bullet hole will cause total loss of structural integrity on a piece of lexan. when you are talking about the actual skin of the aircraft (usually aluminum) the numbers are much higher.  They test different materials for suitablitly in aircraft use. Decompression tests are carried out at 8.5 psi, much higher than most real world conditions.   Explosive decompresion can only be caused by the loss of a significant portion of the airframe. In every case ever reported (all 8 of them) it was the result of either a mid air colision, an explosion, or metal fatigue (that is what happened in the flight that landed in honolulu). You simply CANNOT explosivly decompress an airplane without a catastrophic event.  Adjusting the cabin airflow can (and has) been used in order to adjust for minor differences in cabin pressure (such as a small leak in a hatch seal). If every airplane that ever experienced a hatch seal failure in flight burst like a baloon, the aircraft manufacturers would not be in the financial situation they are now, as there would be plenty of orders for new planes (to replace all of the ones that exploded).  As far as bullets hitting fuel pumps or fuel tanks, you would get a leak, not an explosion. Check out the UEL and LEL of different grades of aviation fuel. Besides that, you need a spark or an open flame in order to initiate an explosion (just heat won't do it) and, contrary to what you saw in lethal weapon, bullets do NOT spark when you they hit a metal object because they are made of lead and sometimes brass. I suppose that a tracer round into an empty fuel tank MIGHT do it, but most likely you would need an infusion of O2 under laboratory conditions to get the mixture just right.   Your knowledge of aircraft maintenance is good. Your knowledge of physics and chemistry illuminates the need for school reform.   I do not think that terrorists with guns should be allowed on planes. I have no fear of law abiding citizens.
That last big drug raid at the NY airport proves that terrorist would be able to get guns onto any plane they want!   So if the security measures cannot stop the drug smugglers from getting guns and drugs onto airplanes, how are they to keep terrorist from doing it?
Well it appears the safety Nazis have nothing to say about the drug criminals ability to get drugs and guns aboard commercial airplanes.  So tell us safety Nazis' just what good is the added security at the airports if it cannot keep illegal drugs and guns off of the airplanes?  So besides adding an enormous cost to flying what good is the added security at the airports?  The criminals at that last drug raid demonstrated that they can get guns and drugs on airplanes.
(Skips to the end of the thread without bothering to read the intervening 13 pages)  I'm all for it. If taking a gun on a plane is legal (Actually, I believe it already is, although extremely difficult) then I am going to have one, and if anyone tries to hijack the plane I am going to give them two in the chest and one in head.  Problem solved.  Long story short, people are going to try and hijack planes no matter what. And generally they are either very stupid (Thus dangerous) or suicidal (Thus dangerous) and the survival of the passengers decreases dramatically when this happens. Simply staying cool and following the orders of the Hijackers is not going to get you off the plane alive.  Since these people are going to try and hijack the plane anyway, I would rather have the ability to stop them with minimal risk to myself and others than having to resort to using the cutlery provided, or my own body.
Perhaps you should go back and read the preceding 13 pages, you might have learned something. And no, unless you arre a properly credentialed law enforcement official, you will never be allowed to carry a gun on board a plane with you. You may have it in your checked luggage, but FAA regs require the bag to be located in a compartment that is not accessable by you, and the gun must be unloaded, and double locked. You retain the key. Just one thought on the rest of your post, yes, people have and will in the future hijack / attempt to hijack airplanes. Arming the passengers on a plane creates more danger than assuring that none of them are armed. Remember, just because you can shoot at him, he can shoot back. Would you rather get in a shoot out or simply tie someone up with the help of the other passengers?  The above quote is a lie!  The very fact that the employees for one airline smuggled illegal drugs and guns onboard the airplane demonstrates the security measures are a farce! All the added security has done for air travel is to increase the cost of air travel!  Great now we hear from the safety Nazis that passengers should wrestle terrorists down. Ok tough guys just how many of you will attack a person holding a sharp instrument a.k.a. a weapon. As for placing your firearm locked and unloaded in a part of the airplane you cannot reach. The same employees that will place your gun there are the same employees that can place guns where they want them. Thank god being a terrorist is not as profitable as smuggling drugs!  America is no safer! Of course the safety Nazis will say this is just one case. Well 9/11 is also just one case of terrorist talking control of airplanes and using them as flying bombs. The safety Nazis used this one case to add all of the new security measures that cost money and time. Still, guns and drugs were placed on a plane.
So what is your solution? And just what about what I said was a lie?  Well let us see, your solution is to disarm all the law-abiding citizens then have these disarmed citizens wrestle any terrorist to the floor and tie them up. This was attempted on one of the airplanes on 9/11, only after some of the passengers received cell phone calls from loved ones telling them what was taking place in NYC.  The criminals in NYC at that one airline demonstrated that they can place on airplanes illegal drugs and guns at any time. So now let us apply this to the terrorist that would do the same thing. So now we have unarmed passengers at the mercy of an armed terrorist. You want these unarmed passengers to wrestle the terrorist to the floor and tie them up. When unarmed people attempts to disarm an armed terrorist the armed terrorist has the upper hand even if the weapon is only a box cutter.  My solution? You have nothing to fear from law-abiding citizens carrying guns. The criminals proved they can place guns anywhere they want them. The days of terrorist hijacking airplanes and releasing the passengers is no more. The people one the one airplane demonstrated they would rather fight and die then just sit in their seat and die!  You have the right to continue telling people they need to be unarmed and attack armed terrorist.   I have the right to tell people they have a right to bear arms to defend themselves. I also say that when people commit a crime with a gun these people need to be punished not the law-abiding citizens!  You spread lies about armed law-abiding citizens like Mike Moore does with bowling for columbine!
No, obviously you do not have the ability to comprehend my position. Currently, the law is that only those with proper credentials (ie...law enforcement or certain govt. agents) may carry guns aboard an airplane. Everyone else is screened, law abiding citizens and would-be terrorists alike. The idea is to assure that every passenger getting on an airplane (other than those certain few) are not armed. And as far as wrestling a terrorist to the floor, yes, it has worked since 9/11. Remember the shoe bomber? It has also taken place on several other commercial flights since 9/11...it seems that people now understand what is at stake and are willing to take an active role in their own defense.   Obviously you do not have the ability to comprehend!  How did this stop the airline employees from placing drugs and guns on the airplane? Terrorists can do the same thing. All the terrorists would have to do is pay an airline employee that is greedy enough to want to do it. Terrorists could also find an airline employee that agreed with their political cause. Now you would have an airline full of disarmed passengers at the mercy of armed terrorists. Which you stated in past post that these unarmed passengers should wrestle the armed terrorist to the floor and tie them up. Do you wear a blue outfit with a red cape and a big S on it under your cloths?   If you note, I have never said that the current system is free from flaws. No system is ever free from flaws. The idea is to mitigate risk wherever possible. Hey, at least they caught these people in NY and Miami.   Yes they did catch them, after the drugs and guns made it into America! LMAO at your security BS! When fighters are scrambled to force planes like this one down, they are there to shoot the plane down if it does not land where the fighters tell it to. Preventing it from striking the intended target    I don't fear anything from law abiding citizens. I don't fear them carrying guns on board airplanes. I fear terrorists with guns on airplanes. Remember, on 9/11, the terrorists boarded the aircraft legally with boxcutters (which were then legal). So what would stop a terrorist from getting on an aircraft with a gun? And yes, you are correct that the people have demonstrated that they would rather fight than just sit there, what is the point? And what is your solution? You never really stated a solution. What is your plan to prevent another 9/11. How does your plan get implimented, how does it work?   You would have armed law-abiding citizens and armed terrorists more even fight. Unlike your fight plan of unarmed law-abiding passengers fighting armed terrorists.   Again, the idea is for everyone to be disarmed, not just law abiding people.   Again this worked on the airplane with the drugs and guns. All of the law-abiding citizens were disarmed. The criminal employees that were armed ones. The only difference was the employees did this for greed. Next time it could be for political reasons.  Yes you do have the right to say that. I for one support peoples rights to bear arms, just not on airplanes or in schools. And I agree, anyone commiting a crime with a gun needs to be punished, but that is a different subject. At 40000 feet, with a suicidal terrorist and a gun, there are no courts or jails, and it is difficult to punish someone after they drive a jet into a tall building.   You want unarmed passengers to fight an armed terrorist to retake control of hijacked airplanes. If the unarmed passengers do not retake control of the hijacked airplane, they are doomed to die. The fighter aircraft scramble is there to shoot them down to prevent other innocent law-abiding citizens from dying like on 9/11.  What a load of XXXX. Show me one lie I have written here. Next, show me one that is about law abiding citizens. Just because we stand on opposite sides of a debate and do not share a the same views, does not mean that what the other person says is a lie. It is a debate, not a documentary. Much of what we write on here is simply opinion, supported by facts. Don't confuse the 2.   The lie? You're claim of trusting law-abiding citizens.
So by your plan, we can all carry guns on the plane, that includes both law abiding citizens and terrorists alike. OK, so you have said that there is nothing to prevent terrorists from sneaking guns onto planes right? Pay off thr ground crew, implant someone, etc. All well and good. So can we reasonably assume that the terrorists could do the same with a bomb? One of the baggage handlers or fuelers or maintanence techs which go vastly unsupervised about the airport could easily slip a bomb onto the plane, especially in the cargo hold. So what are you and you gun going to do now, shoot the bomb? And can you assure me that every flight, and I mean every flight will have an armed passenger on it? Are you going to quit your job and go fly from city to city every day with your gun to assure my safety? Are you going to assemble an army of these people to do the same and cover every single flight? If you answered no to any of these...plan fails. Try again. I think we already have people to do that, they are called air marshals. I would like to see them on every flight, I don't think they currently are.  Air marshals are on about 20% of flights most likely. They have not been real forthcoming in regards to exactly how many air marshals there are for security reasons, but you can make a pretty decent guess by looking at their budget, then working backwards. Putting them on every flight wqould be too expensive to be feasible.   I would be personally willing to gaurantee that there is an armed passenger on every flight, if you would be willing to personally gaurantee that thee will be a terrorist on every flight. YOu are making a rediculous assuption, which is that by allowing law abiding citizens to carry a gun on a plane terrorists would automatically have the same right.  If you were going to allow citizens to carry guns on planes, it would no doubt be only licensed citizens. Licencing processes in about every state required background checks, american citizenship, etc... So, you are stuc with the same dilemma in the gun on plane scenario that you are with the gun ban scenario. Felons are not allowed to buy guns.....terrorists would not be allowed to take guns on planes. By definition, a law abiding citizen is neither a criminal nor are they a terrorist, so banning their posession of a gun does not, common sense dictates, effect the ability of terrorists or criminals to posess a weapon except insofar as some studies indicate that criminals are reluctant to go up against armed citizens.
So by your plan, we can all carry guns on the plane, that includes both law abiding citizens and terrorists alike. OK, so you have said that there is nothing to prevent terrorists from sneaking guns onto planes right? Pay off thr ground crew, implant someone, etc. All well and good. So can we reasonably assume that the terrorists could do the same with a bomb? One of the baggage handlers or fuelers or maintanence techs which go vastly unsupervised about the airport could easily slip a bomb onto the plane, especially in the cargo hold. So what are you and you gun going to do now, shoot the bomb? And can you assure me that every flight, and I mean every flight will have an armed passenger on it? Are you going to quit your job and go fly from city to city every day with your gun to assure my safety? Are you going to assemble an army of these people to do the same and cover every single flight? If you answered no to any of these...plan fails. Try again. I think we already have people to do that, they are called air marshals. I would like to see them on every flight, I don't think they currently are.  If a criminal or terrorist wishes to place guns or drugs or even a bomb they will simply do it. This was demonstrated by the airline employees that placed the drugs and guns on that one airplane. This was one airplane that was discovered, how many more airplanes are not discovered that the drugs and guns make it to the intended criminals? You are happy that the drugs and guns were discovered by the authorities. The down side of this discovery is that the drugs and guns made it to their intended city. The drugs and guns were not discovered before they left the ground. So you are happy that the unarmed law-abiding citizens were placed in a dangerous situation if there had been a terrorist on that airplane.  Air marshals? Once again your solutions are to cost law-abiding citizens more money. Was there an air marshal on that airplane with the drugs and guns? Using your logic we would place a cop on every street corner in America to fight crime. One has to find it funny that you place your security in armed air marshals and not armed law-abiding citizens. Is it the training air marshals receives that makes you feel all warm and safe?  Criminals and terrorist are going to have all the guns they want no matter how many security measures enacted to disarm the law-abiding citizen by people such as you.  It is amazing that people such as you will disarm law-abiding citizens to simply make yourself feel secure. If you are so fearful of terrible things happening on airplanes then maybe people like you should not be flying.   When have I ever stated that the airlines should allow terrorists to carry guns on airplanes? I pointed out that no matter how many security measures you enact terrorists will still be able to place guns on planes if they want to. I pointed out that your security measure to search all passengers and luggage for weapons is costly. I pointed out that after all of your costly security measures to search passengers and luggage that drugs and guns are still able to be placed on airplanes. This makes it appear that all of your new security measures have failed!
Look, it is simple. The terrorists on 9/11 carried boxcutters onto the planes, legally. The boarded the planes, legally. They bought tickets forthe flights legally. We did not know that they are terrorists. So what is to stop someone from carrying a gun onto a plane legally, then using it to commit and act of terrorism. Nothing. After all, if we don't know they are a terrorist, how can we stop them?   The passengers on the airplanes on 9/11 were unarmed because they obeyed the rules. The terrorist used box cutters to hijack these airplanes containing unarmed passengers. Then the terrorist used these airplanes as flying bombs.  While yes, this has probably happened many times, the particular case you are talking about they did know about the drugs before the plane took off. The suspects were under investigation for a while. It probably happens on a regular basis without the knowledge of law enforcement. This is really not concerning to the point at hand. And by the way, there is no mention of them smuggling guns on board the aircraft, just the drugs. Guns are mentioned, but only that 5 guns were confiscated. The guns were most likely confiscated in the cars of the criminals. I think they would have mentioned the guns. Now of coarse, it would not be hard to imagine that guns could easily be placed on an airplane. (although everything had been placed in the cargo hold, which is relatively difficult to get to on most planes in flight. this even brings up the point that you may transport guns in your checked luggage, so in a sense, a lot of flights possibly already have guns in the cargo hold.)   The passengers were all unarmed on this airplane carry guns and drugs. Guns were on the airplane as well as drugs. This can be seen in the news footage of the crime. The only thing that saved this plane from being hijacked is the fact that illegal drugs are more profitable to the greedy airline employees.  Make the airlines pay for it.    Typical extremist left wing answer to a question about who pays for something. Just who pays the airlines for their service? The customers. Just who would pick up the added cost of your security measures? The customers!   Was there an air marshal aboard...who knows. Air marshals are armed, law abiding citizens. And yes, the training that they recieve makes me feel SAFER than some of the XXXXXX that would carry a gun onto a plane if allowed. How easy is it to get a gun? How easy is it to get a CCW. I know many people tha have CCW and guns, but they would not make me feel safer than someone who is specifically trained in armed intervention on an airplane.  You should check out the firearms training for police departments before you talk about the requirements for a ccw.   Nice try. How about this...if you are so afraid to fly without a gun, take a bus. I am more fearful of what would happen on board a plane if we allowed guns on board.    I never said I was afraid to fly, you are the one that fears law-abiding citizens carrying guns, not me!  You would be much safer on a bus because you could always dial 911 and wait for the police to come.   I am not going to continue this debate, I feel like I am just rehashing that which I have said in the last 10 pages, It is getting a little old. You obviously feel the way you do, and I feel sorry for you. However, I am glad that the system currently does not allow for your dangerous ideas. If you want to agrue some more, write something, then go back and read any of my posts to DHARD and others, you will find my rebuttal. It seems as if you and DHARD are peas in a pod, perhaps you read them all before?  I read some of the post by that guy. A little extreme maybe, then again maybe not. What did Barry Goldwater say about extremism? Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice.   Then again you are the one that sees a terrorist in every airline passenger that approaches the gate.  Well chicken little watch out for that sky!
Perhaps you should go back and read the preceding 13 pages, you might have learned something. And no, unless you arre a properly credentialed law enforcement official, you will never be allowed to carry a gun on board a plane with you. You may have it in your checked luggage, but FAA regs require the bag to be located in a compartment that is not accessable by you, and the gun must be unloaded, and double locked. You retain the key.  Like I said, extremely difficult to do legally. Only very few people are allowed to do so. With any luck, I will be one of them (Just got recommended for a position in the Australian Special Forces).  Just one thought on the rest of your post, yes, people have and will in the future hijack / attempt to hijack airplanes. Arming the passengers on a plane creates more danger than assuring that none of them are armed.  Actually, no it doesnt. You see, hijacking a plane is either suicidal (guaranteed death for passengers) or very stupid. A hijacked plane can only go so far on the fuel it has. It is easily tracked, easily boarded and easily re-taken. Professional and smart criminals do not do it any more because it is almost imossible to pull off effectively. When the plane lands, the ground forces will surround it, wait you out, and then take you out.  Thus, the only people (excluding suicidal fundies) who hijack planes are stupid, unprofesional sorts. These people are extremely dangerous due to their lack of composure and control. When things start to go pear shaped for them, as they inevitably will, they will lose control of the situation fast and will resort to violence in an attempt to regain it. This is a very bad situation to be in.  Remember, just because you can shoot at him, he can shoot back. Would you rather get in a shoot out or simply tie someone up with the help of the other passengers?  Yes, but he has to watch every passenger on the plance. I just have to watch him, and perhaps five of his buddies. Either he is suicidal, and intends to use the plane 9/11 style, or he is stupid. Either way, sooner or later he will present a clean shot.   Point in fact, he will be armed whether I am or not. I would rather be armed legally than unarmed.  With regards to the box-cutters or knives:  emoticon_confused   You need to be very good to kill someone with a small knife like that. If someone on a plane I was on tried to hijack it with a box-cutter they would soon be in a world of pain. If they are good enough to kill me with it, they should be making their living by training ninjas in Japan rather than hijacking planes.
Like I said, extremely difficult to do legally. Only very few people are allowed to do so. With any luck, I will be one of them (Just got recommended for a position in the Australian Special Forces).   Was it hard for the airline employees to place drugs and guns on the airplane that arrived at NYC?
Was it hard for the airline employees to place drugs and guns on the airplane that arrived at NYC?  I have no idea.   How is this relevant to my point? And was it legal?
2. The point was that I (as well as the majority of other Americans) feel that by screening for and attempting to keep guns off airplanes, you make it far less likely that a hijacking will take place.   This worked on the airplane that the drugs and guns were found on after it arrived at the NYC airport. How many more times does this happen and no one catches it?   It sounds like you should have been on one of the planes on 9/11 then. Perhaps you could have put the 5 terrorists in a world of pain. While it may not be as easy to kill someone with a boxcutter than with a gun, it certainly can happen. 9/11 was the perfect case in point. Out of 4 attempted hijackings, 4 were successful, sounds like they did OK to me. The "fundies" (I like that term) as you called them, are highly trained individuals. They trained and planned for years to carry out a suicide mission. I would say that this shows an extreme level of commitment to their cause. These are not the terrorists that we used to think of, they are a new breed and should be regarded as a much greater threat.    Three worked. The fourth one was stopped when the passengers were called on their cell phones and made aware of what was happening by their family members.
 Out of 4 attempted hijackings, 4 were successful, sounds like they did OK to me.   Three of the hijackers groups completed their task. The fourth airplane was prevented from completing its task by a group of unarmed passengers. Which you have stated in your past posts should attack armed terrorists. These unarmed passengers prevented the terrorists from completing their task and killing even more people.   It is a terrible thing when extreme leftist like you sundowner will not acknowledge the bravery of law-abiding citizens.    And where are these people now? DEAD.  They are not forgotten by Americans that defend rights. It is a shame extreme leftist like you sundowner forgets heroic deeds by law-abiding citizens.
Extreme leftist? Hardly. Extreme Moderate. And I did not forget anyone. I am proud of the people on United 93 who did what they had to do. .  Call Yourself whatever you want your statements are those of extreme leftist!  Yes you have forgotten them or you would have not stated the below quote. There is no mention of their bravery.   And where are these people now? DEAD.  The fact that drugs and guns can be placed on an airplane demonstrates that you security measures are flawed.
1. Being in the Australian Special Forces will still not entitle you to carry a gun onto any flight arriving or departing the United States. I do not know what the law is for domestic flights in Australia, nor Australian international flights that do not enter the US.  Oh I know that, but I dont intend to stop there. I plan on staying for six years before attempting the SAS, and from there, who knows? Perhaps CIA field agent, perhaps SF training instructor in any western nation...  My point was that I'm on my way.  2. The point was that I (as well as the majority of other Americans) feel that by screening for and attempting to keep guns off airplanes, you make it far less likely that a hijacking will take place. The idea is to mitigate the risk in the air, not to make it more likely and then deal with it once it happens. It is like the difference between using a condom for birth control and using abortion for birth control. And as you know, fuel was not a concern for the aircraft on 9/11, as a matter of fact, the terrorists specifically picked planes that would be heavily loaded with fuel to make the post crash fires more effective.   I agree that letting just anyone have a gun on a plane is lunacy. I have always taken a middle-ground as far as gun control goes. I dont think just anyone should be able to take a gun onto a plane, but I dont see why more people arent allowed. Certainly licence the hell out of it, make the licences very hard to get, certainly. But I dont see why it should be practically impossible.  3. It sounds like you should have been on one of the planes on 9/11 then. Perhaps you could have put the 5 terrorists in a world of pain. While it may not be as easy to kill someone with a boxcutter than with a gun, it certainly can happen. 9/11 was the perfect case in point. Out of 4 attempted hijackings, 4 were successful, sounds like they did OK to me.  No-one knows the exact details of the 9/11 hijackings. I think that they must have gained access to the cockpit, as the plane en-route to camp david crash-landed. It is my belief that certain passengers fought with the hijackers, but the pilot was slain and the place forced to crash. In such a situation weapons are accademic.  As a side note, I almost wish I had been on the 9/11 planes. I am something of a martial arts expert. I train hard to be able to disarm, cripple and kill people at very close quarters. I have done this for years, and it happens to be something I am very good at.   The "fundies" (I like that term) as you called them, are highly trained individuals. They trained and planned for years to carry out a suicide mission. I would say that this shows an extreme level of commitment to their cause. These are not the terrorists that we used to think of, they are a new breed and should be regarded as a much greater threat.  Like I said, the only people these days who hijack planes are either fundies who plan on killing everyone on the plane in a suicide attack, or fools who have little idea of the trouble they are in. Either way, the passengers are in trouble. The fundies are definately well trained, co-ordinated and very dedicated, and they are definately a threat. I think allowing people (heavily vetted, tightly controlled and only very few people) to take guns onto a flight will only help, not hinder the situation.
Here is an news article from a paper stating that airline employees can be paid off to break the law. This was before    Phil Brennan, NewsMax.com Saturday Sept. 29, 2001   Ordinary, responsible Americans need to be armed, just as Israelis are in the war against terrorism, writes author/researcher John R. Lott Jr., who says that's the only adequate response to the terrorist threat Americans now face.  Writing in today's Wall Street Journal, Lott notes the security problems the nation faces and insists that not matter how tight restrictions are, and no matter how many air marshals ride planes, nothing beats having an armed citizenry in the fight against terrorism.   Lott, a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute and author of "More Guns, Less Crime" (University of Chicago Press, 2000). itemizes the flaws in most of the security measures now in effect or being considered:   Screening at airports, while important, will always be inadequate, he writes, noting that terrorists can always figure find some way around the controls such as bribing airport employees.     Strengthening cockpit doors, he says, is probably a good idea, " but given current airline design it may create dangerous differences in air pressure between the cockpit and cabin. In any case, the door must be opened sometime, to allow pilots to go to the bathroom or get food."    The marshals program is more promising. He cites research by Bill Landes at the University of Chicago that showed that between a third and a half of the drop in airplane hijackings during the 1970s were the probable result of having armed U.S. marshals on planes as well as law enforcement's increased ability to catch and punish hijackers.  Putting merely one air marshal aboard every daily flight in the U.S. would require an army of at least 35,000 officers-a far greater number than total of all those who now work for the FBI, Secret Service and the U.S. Marshal Service combined (17,000). Moreover, he adds that one marshal might not be enough to foil a whole gang of hijackers, of the kind used by Osama bin Laden. Clearly, he says, it will take a long time to deploy enough marshals.  In response to these and other problems, Lott suggests that the 600,000 active state and local law enforcement officers in the U.S. today who are currently forbidden to bring their guns on airplanes should not only be allowed to board planes but even be given discount fares if they fly with their guns. Moreover, since most pilots have also had military experience they should be armed as their union, and NewsMax.com's Chris Ruddy have demanded, exactly as Israel's El Al been doing all along.   Lott dismisses fears of having guns aboard planes, explaining that the special, high-velocity handgun ammunition used on planes packs quite a wallop but is designed not to penetrate the aluminum skin of the plane. Even with regular bullets he notes, the worst-case outcome would simply be to force the plane to fly at a lower altitude, where the air pressure is higher.   But using guns to stop terrorists shouldn't be limited to airplanes, he insists. "We should encourage off-duty police, and responsible citizens, to carry guns in most public places because cops can't be everywhere.   In Israel, for example, Lott explains that about 10% of Jewish adults have permits to carry concealed handguns. Just to match that rate of permit holding, Americans would have to increase the number of permits from 3.5 million to almost 21 million, he wrote.   "Thirty-three states currently have "right-to-carry" laws, which allow the law-abiding to obtain a permit if they are above a certain age and pay a fee. Half of these states require some training. We should encourage more states to pass such laws, and possibly even subsidize firearms training," Lott maintains.   He concludes by noting that the states that do pass concealed handgun laws "experience drops in violent crimes, especially in multiple victim shootings - the type of attack most associated with terrorism. "Bill Landes and I found that deaths and injuries from multiple-victim public shootings fell by 80% after states passed right-to-carry laws."
 The problem would be hillbilly Jed with his .45 gets on the plane, a passenger who appears to be middle-eastern stands up to go to the bathroom, and Jed blows a hole in his head. This is what I am against. The average American gun owner is not trained enough to be trusted with a gun in the situations that may arise in a hijacking.   Security experts have stated that terrorist can get guns on airplanes if they want to. Criminals have demonstrated that guns and drugs can be placed on airplanes. Still the above quote is the only concern of some people that have no regards for unarmed law-abiding passengers. People like this feel it is better to be a victim of armed terrorist.
The average American gun owner is not trained enough to be trusted with a gun in the situations that may arise in a hijacking. I would agree with making a special licence, making it difficult to obtain, and making the training extensive in order to get said licence. But in a sense, we already have that. We have the air marshal program, and whether the anti-gun control croud wants to admit it or not, this program does precisely what they are advocating. I am for expansion of this program, and making a volunteer air marshal program as well. Perhaps frequent flyers who are also gun owners complete the training succesfully, and then agree to carry aboard for say a 10% discount on airfares or some other perks  Pls, tell me you are kidding on this one. A law enforcement officer is 7 times more likely to use their weapon inapropriatly than a regular citizen (MSNBC). Further, the requirement for a Law enforcement officer in most of the united states to carry a weapon is that they must be able to hit a paper plate sized target 6 times in 20 seconds at 20 yards.  This is pathetic. I personally know I can do a 3x5 index card 16 times in less than 20 seconds at 20 yards. At 100 yards, I can kit a paper plate sized target 14 times in 15 seconds for sure, and that includes changing clips. I would imagine that most of the regular shooters here can do the same.   I do a lot of competition shooting. We used to have a few cops that would show up and plan to show us "how it is done" They have all gone home shame faced.  FOr some reason a lot of liberals seem to endow cops with some kind of superhuman ability when it comes to handling firearms and showing good judgement. Some of my best friends are cops, and I shure wouldn;t want most of them backing me up in a life or death situation which involved marksmanship. AS far as keeping their cool, lets all keep in mind that the ONLY tie in US history a registered machine gun has been used illegally it was in the hands of a chicago narctics officer who got mad while questioning a suspect and blew him away.
[QUOTE=sundowner] The problem would be hillbilly Jed with his .45 gets on the plane, a passenger who appears to be middle-eastern stands up to go to the bathroom, and Jed blows a hole in his head. This is what I am against. /QUOTE]   The quote above is how people that want to limit a right will portray people that want to defend themselves. This is done to vilify the person that wishes to defend them. As seen in past posts sundowner vilified the heroic deeds of unarmed passengers on 9/11.   Never will people that want to limit the right to bear arms portray self defense in a good light. Using sundowners quote why would anyone want to fly if we portrayed air trave with the results of 9/11. If as sundowner does every time a person defended air travel someone would say "The problem would be hillbilly Jed flying from the hills to NYC and some dang terrorist hijacking the airplane and flying it into some dang tall building." Why should anyone want to fly if air travel is only portrayed in this light.
I am anti-gun but   This is the phrase to watch out for when people claim to be pro something.    And what sundowner tried to say (I am suggesting he tried to say that) is that the risk of armed passengers is higher than the benefit.  The terrorists have demonstrated that airplanes today are just flying bombs. So now you have a airplane full of unarmed passengers at the mercy of armed terrorists. The security experts have stated terrorists can get guns on airplanes anytime the want to. This was demonstrated by the recent incident at the NYC airport when drugs and guns were found on an airplane placed there by airline employees.  Calculate the risk, armed terrorists hijack a airplane and use it as a flying bomb. Are all of the passengers dead at the end of this?    I also wonder why airlines not simply invest a few bucks to improve the planes'cockpit doors. This could hold off hijackers better than any gun imo...   Security experts have stated that airplane design does not allow for that. What about restrooms and eating accommodations for the pilots? What would design concepts like these cost the airline customers? Are you going to design airplanes with the front third of the airplane for the pilots? How are you going to screen pilots to see how they would react to hostages being killed on the other side of that reenforced cockpit door because the pilot will not do as the terrorist demand?  To top it off once the authorities on the ground become aware of a hijacking fighter aircraft will be scrambled to intercept the hijacked airplane. The pilots of the fighter aircraft orders will be to shoot that hijacked airplane down to prevent it from being used as a flying bomb. Is this more of a risk then "One over-jealous passenger firing his gun is too much"?
Huhu, watch out; I am regarding two sides of a problem. Guess this makes me an enemy of state...  Make jokes all you want, but you have a problem with people defending themselves.    Of course terrorists CAN find ways to smuggle arms and other things on planes; but just because there is no 100% safety, do you want safety measures to be abolished? And if terrorists capture a plane, how likely would it be for a armed, law-abiding citizen to take them out without harming any bystanders (could be accepted) or hitting the plane?   This is a quote from you later on in this post "But in that case one could argue they would die anyway." So when you argue people will die anyway it is still better if they all die not defending themselves. Even if a lone passenger defending themselves would save the airplane with a few casualties verse all onboard dead.   It wouldn't be enough to strengthen doors; but it could addtionally be done. And sure, the pilots wouldn't be perfectly safe, they never can be. But it is about reducing risks. I also see the dilemma when terrorists kill hossies to gain access to the cockpit. But in that case one could argue they would die anyway. Personally I wouldn't rate this so cold.   Again we get your well they are all dead anyway why fight.    Ask yourself, what is more likely to happen? Just one shot-down plane would be terrible (but maybe inevitable), but how about 1 plane per year (could be more, who knows?) that accidently crashes?   Which is more likely to happen a plane hijacked used as a flying bomb like on 9/11 or an accidental discharge of a firearm causing an airplane to crash? Well can you produce one incident of a passenger causing an airplane to crash because of the accidental discharge of a gun? I can produce one incident of terrorists using airplanes as flying bombs.
Well, it seems that it was rather easy for the 9/11 hijackers to get on board the aircraft, since they did so legally. As far as guns, it is difficult to say because currently as in the past, you are not allowed to carry a gun on board an aircraft. Why do you suppose that is?  When did airlines company or the government pass a law or rule that made it illegal to have a gun on a airplane?
When did airlines company or the government pass a law or rule that made it illegal to have a gun on a airplane?[   I don't. And I also accept your right to shoot possible attackers if this is the appropriate way to solve the situation. I don't like it, but I still can accept it. But if you can't accept things and oppinions you don't like, please don't debate ;) .   Try practicing what you preach if you do not like other people's opinions!   Great way to change the meaning and intention of my words. I just said that if a plane is used as a flying bomb, all passengers would die. This is in case there was a successful hijacking attempt.   Never changed.  This is again out of context; it was part of what I said about the use of strengthened doors.  it is not out of context.  As sundowner said, guns aren't allowed on planes so thank god no trigger-happy idiot could start firing at once. But if I think of statistics about gun-related accidents and imagine an ordinary gun owner in a narrow plane, trying to take someone out, I think the risk is too high..  If people want to be frightened-pacifist afraid of their own shadow then let them. When their beliefs prevent other people from defending themselves it is wrong. You can be a victim all you want, you do not have the right to make other people victims of violent crimes.  Question: Why are you so scared about a hijack? And do you think that the average gun owner (who would be the average armed passenger if guns were allowed) could stand a realistic chance against terrorists? When you talk about the 9/11 terrorists you have to remind that they weren't on their own, had nothing to loose and had had the possibility to carry a gun themselves. So do you think it could have been prevented?   What it the title of this post?
Flying is international. A single nations law couldn't do anything about this issue.  Then you do not have any documentation to defend your claims about guns on airplanes.   Guess what, I already defended myself a couple of times. Bet you never did or you'd know that you can defend yourself without a gun..  Whatever, so you beat up a five year old.  Yes it is, when I am talking about the worst result of a hijack and you make a statement against self-defense out of it...  Was not taken out of context   Got argument?...  Was not taken out of context   "Desperate attempt to make another guy think about a few simple questions". Reckon it didn't work as there are no answers.   if you do not like the topic of the post start your own post!
And as far as every day ordinary American citizens being allowed to carry guns onto airplanes, you have no documentation to defend your claims either. There is however historical evidence to show that the air marshal program works, perhaps you should look it up. Hint: early to mid 60's-1973. As I have said all along, air marshals make a great answer to this problem. It has worked in the past, perhaps we should use it more extensively now.   Here is the quote from the safety experts on the air marshal program. "Putting merely one air marshal aboard every daily flight in the U.S. would require an army of at least 35,000 officers-a far greater number than total of all those who now work for the FBI, Secret Service and the U.S. Marshal Service combined (17,000). Moreover, he adds that one marshal might not be enough to foil a whole gang of hijackers, of the kind used by Osama bin Laden. Clearly, he says, it will take a long time to deploy enough marshals. "  Yes the extremist leftist attitude for this cost of the air marshal program is to make the airline company pay for it. Who pays the cost of added security measures that may not work? The customers!
Are YOU serious? While you may be able to hit a paper plate at 100 yards (with a handgun?) the average American gun owner has never had any formal firearms training, has probably not been to a firing range in the last year, and probably could not hit the paper plate consistently at 15 yards. Sad but true. Remember, it is not a requirement to be able to shoot a gun accurately to buy a gun. There are many people who buy guns for self defense, and then put it in their nightstand or car and never fire the gun once. If the law was opened up the way JustAnotherGuy wants, these are the people that will then be allowed to carry guns on board aircraft. This scares me. Police may not be expert marksman, but they do have firearms training, and must qualify with a firearm, showing that they at least have some measure of skill.   Shooting is a simple thing. Line up your shot. Squeeze trigger. Repeat. THe reason some people have som much trouble with it is that they are taught incorrectly. WHen you first learn to shoot a pistol , you should put a piece of black electrical tape iver the rear sight, rendering it useless. Then, put your target about 20 yrds away (start with something bigger han an index card, say a man sized target).    There are only two things to remember when shooting.  1. line up your shot 2. Take the shot when you feel it is right, the longer you stand there, the less likely you are to hit  I would diagree that the maority of firearms owners don't shoot regularly. While there are certainly some that do not practice, I think the majority of them make it out to shoot at least occasionally. Beyond that, I think that many/most people who buy a gun go out and shoot it at least a few times. This is all it takes in most cases for somebody to be able to handle a handgun for close quarters (inside 50 yrs). With a cop, all you know for sure is that once a year they have managed to hit a big target 6 times in 20 seconds.    A handgun is the easiest type of gun to shoot (besides perhapse a shot gun). It feels natural in your hand. Point your arm, pull trigger. Odds are, you just hit your target. IT takes some practice to get really good with one, but I would imagine that about any 10 yr old kid could hit a man sized target at 20 yrds the first time they pick up a gun. When learnig to shoot wiht a distance weapon like a rifle, you have a much harder time, since movement of the barrel of a fraction of a degree can throw your shot off a number of inches, or even feet, at any kind of distance. A handgun is primarily for close quarters as it doesn't require careful aiming (instinctive shooting is just fine in most cases).  Anti-gunners/non-shooters overestimate the amount of skill needed to properly use a handgun.   Could you provide any links to back this up? Any data or statistics?[/QUOTE]
 Prevention is cheaper than mopping up the mess. 9/11 .  Did you miss the part where the security experts stated they could not prevent another terrorist hijacking? You know like they cannot keep drugs and guns off of airplanes!
And as far as every day ordinary American citizens being allowed to carry guns onto airplanes, you have no documentation to defend your claims either. There is however historical evidence to show that the air marshal program works, perhaps you should look it up. Hint: early to mid 60's-1973. As I have said all along, air marshals make a great answer to this problem. It has worked in the past, perhaps we should use it more extensively now.   THere is ample example of this. Up until the late 50's there was really no prohibition against carrying guns on planes. In the charter for the air marshals program of the time, the lack of citizens carrying weapons was cited as one of the reasons for the program (History of Terrorism, pg 114).
THere is ample example of this. Up until the late 50's there was really no prohibition against carrying guns on planes. In the charter for the air marshals program of the time, the lack of citizens carrying weapons was cited as one of the reasons for the program (History of Terrorism, pg 114).  So there is no reported case of the below quote ever taking place?  As sundowner said, guns aren't allowed on planes so thank god no trigger-happy idiot could start firing at once. But if I think of statistics about gun-related accidents and imagine an ordinary gun owner in a narrow plane, trying to take someone out, I think the risk is too high.   One must take notice of the fact that every time a person defending unarmed passenger on airplanes they use phrases like the above quote. Any thing to vilify a persons right to defend themselves. For some unknown reason people like The_Comedian and sundowner would rather die from religious zealots flying them into a building then the chance they could die in a rescue attempt by armed law-abiding citizens.
No. And I never said there were.   You have no reported incidents of what you have been claiming about law-abiding citizens carrying guns. Yet you chant the negative side of law-abiding citizens carrying guns. Typical tactics of people that want to ban the rights of other people!
Never said ban the right, I said restrict it. And why I came to my conclusions I posted several times.  You as with all anti gun/gun control advocates are using undocumented statements to defend your demands to limit or ban a right.  You have done nothing but vilify the law-abiding citizens that carries a gun with insults to push your goal of limiting or banning a right.
We may use undocumented states sometimes, but at least our posts are thought over. You never explained how a law-abiding citizen (read: gun owner in your language) could gain the skills and ability to protect a plane.   It is called practice.    If questioning the ability of an ordanary gun owner to judge such a situation right and to be effective against several terrorists, then yes, I am insulting them.   The below quotes are how many times law-abiding citizens carrying guns have been vilified by the anti gun/gun control advocates. I am sure i can find more.  The problem would be hillbilly Jed with his .45 gets on the plane, a passenger who appears to be middle-eastern stands up to go to the bathroom, and Jed blows a hole in his head .  One over-jealous passenger firing his gun is too much.   How easy is it to get a CCW. I know many people tha have CCW and guns, but they would not make me feel safer than someone who is specifically trained in armed intervention on an airplane.   the average American gun owner has never had any formal firearms training, has probably not been to a firing range in the last year, and probably could not hit the paper plate consistently at 15 yards. Sad but true. Remember, it is not a requirement to be able to shoot a gun accurately to buy a gun. There are many people who buy guns for self defense, and then put it in their nightstand or car and never fire the gun once. If the law was opened up the way JustAnotherGuy wants, these are the people that will then be allowed to carry guns on board aircraft. This scares me. 
So there is no reported case of the below quote ever taking place?  The first time anybody was EVER shot on board an airplane was during a hijacking. No gun toting citizen has ever shot anybody on an aircraft.   One must take notice of the fact that every time a person defending unarmed passenger on airplanes they use phrases like the above quote. Any thing to vilify a persons right to defend themselves. For some unknown reason people like The_Comedian and sundowner would rather die from religious zealots flying them into a building then the chance they could die in a rescue attempt by armed law-abiding citizens.  This ends up being a difficult point to argue on either side, since there is really not enough data or had research to draw a firm conclusion. I think the best argument for this would almost have to be the low number of inapropriate shootings by citizens carrying guns in general. There are over 40 states now that allow concealed carry, but according to the latest numbers from the ustice department the number of improper shootings is actually DOWN from where it was in the 1920's (the last time widespread concealed carry was allowed). They attribute this to the fact that most states that issues concealed carry permits require a class that explains the legal use of force.   I can't see any reason that aboard an airplane would be any different.
I thought gun-toting citizens weren't allowed on planes emoticon_confused   They aren't anymore. The point was that for years they were, and it didn't cause any problems.   Definetly. If there was appropriate training (who conducts the legal use of force class? The police?) then that would hopefully eliminate those who are eager to use their shiny new toy.    Usually the NRA.   What about the problem of liability? If you (collective you, not you personally) shoot someone on a plane while trying to take down a terrorist, are you legally and morally liable? Or are you free to do as you wish as long as you take down the hijacker? I know police are very careful when hostages are a part of the equation, and do whatever they can to ensure the safety of bystanders.    Liability is already established in such cases, and it depends on the circumstances. Civilians are held to much higer standards as far as liability goes than police officers are  Sure, they would all die anyway, but would their families understand? What if they hijackers want to be flown to mexico, and then set all hostages free, and you try to stop them, kill them and several bystanders when everyone would have gotten out alive? I doubt hijackers share their detailed plan with hostages on planes. At least their true ones.  As far as I know the only airline hijacking where everybody got out alive was the very first one, which was pretty much just a robbery   And guilt. I would feel crushing guilt knowing that when I missed I killed a mother of three.  yep, that would be pretty bad. Target practice pretty much solves that problem, though
I thought gun-toting citizens weren't allowed on planes emoticon_confused   Law-abiding citizens are not allowed to carry guns onto airplanes. Too bad this cannot be said about criminals or terrorists!  Definetly. If there was appropriate training (who conducts the legal use of force class? The police?) then that would hopefully eliminate those who are eager to use their shiny new toy.   What about the problem of liability? If you (collective you, not you personally) shoot someone on a plane while trying to take down a terrorist, are you legally and morally liable? Or are you free to do as you wish as long as you take down the hijacker? I know police are very careful when hostages are a part of the equation, and do whatever they can to ensure the safety of bystanders.   Sure, they would all die anyway, but would their families understand? What if they hijackers want to be flown to mexico, and then set all hostages free, and you try to stop them, kill them and several bystanders when everyone would have gotten out alive? I doubt hijackers share their detailed plan with hostages on planes. At least their true ones.  And guilt. I would feel crushing guilt knowing that when I missed I killed a mother of three.   It is estimated that guns are used 2.5 million times a year to defend their owners. Are there any incidents of these people harming innocent bystanders?   Training? How much training are the terrorists given?   We get people demanding that unarmed passengers attack armed terrorists. We get people demanding that unarmed passengers just sit there and be flown into a building. Let one person say law-abiding citizens should be allowed to carry guns and all of a sudden these law-abiding citizens are vilified with many insulting names.
Neither are law-abiding citzens allowed to strap dynamite onto their chests and run into a bank. What's your point?   Once a citizen does this the citizens is a criminal.   No accidents? Ever?   Do you have any reported incidents of accidents after 2.5 million times a gun is used to defend the owner?   I have no idea what your point is. I am not demanding anyone attack a terrorist. In fact, if I'm a hostage I don't want anyone who is a hostage with me attacking a terrorist at all. That would just get the rest of us killed along with you as his friends open fire.  You are not Rambo.   So are you saying you do not think an airline passenger being flown into a building will kill you?
you can't argue that accidents don't happen..  Did this accident happen when a person was using a gun for self defense? No!  I never said accidents did not happen. Here is my question "Do you have any reported incidents of accidents after 2.5 million times a gun is used to defend the owner? " Of course being the anti gun/gun control advocate fanatic you are you will use any lie you can to push your goal of banning guns. Do you have any record incidents of an accident when a gun is used to defend the gun owner? No!    I'm saying that if I think that I might get out of a situation alive, I'd rather take that than you being a hero and trying to take down 5 armed terrorists and getting everyone killed.  This could be said of the airline passengers on 9/11 when the first three airplanes hijacked were flown into buildings. Once the passengers on the fourth airplane were made aware of this by their family members on cell phones they reacted like they did. They choose to die fighting. They prevented an airplane from striking another building and saving the lives of other people.
Good :) Were there any hijackings? That seems to be the main thrust of this topic, what happened during a hijacking.  NO, there were no hijackings when there were routinely armed citizens on airplanes. When citizens were no longer allowed to carry weapons on airplanes, that is when hijackings started. at the time, his was compared to old west train robberies. When trains were robbed it was highly unusual for the thieves to molest the passengers, since the maority of them were armed.     Do they get input from the police? If the police at least endorse it, if not conduct a class themselves, I would trust that there would be fewer questions later as to the appropriatness.  Generally not. The police are nowhere near the experts in law hat you seem to think (thus the pathetically low conviction rate in America). The NRA has always been considered foremost experts in firearms safety and their proper use. This was actually the reason the NRA was started. They only stepped up as a guns rights orginaisation after the anti gunners went on the offensive. In many places (including around here) the NRA teaches the cops the classes on safe firearm handling and appropriate use of force.    As they should be. Police are trained to know what to do in different situations (theoretically). They should be trusted to have acted appropriately. Anything citizens without that training will do could endanger more lives  Since police are trained to this theoretically high level of awareness regarding the use of force, shouldn't they be held to a higher standard? TRaditionally if a police officer is found to have use force improperly or has an accidental shooting, they face suspension or even loss of their job. A private citizen guilty of the same thing faces prison. Seems a little lopsided to me, especially when you consider that police are MORE likely than private citizens to commit such an offense (this has been attributed to the kind of folks that become cops).   How many hijackings have there been? I wasn't aware of any other buildings being crashed into.  Dozens, maybe hundreds. MOst hiackings do not end with buildings being crashed into. During a period from the late sixties to the early eighties hijackings were a real problem.     No matter how much training you've had, you can miss. If that loss is unnecessary then it's especially bad  This is true. Since civilian marksmanship programs commonly hold civilians to a higher standard than law enforcement officers, would't that mean that in all propreity we should be working to ban cops carrying guns on planes as opposed to law abiding citizens?  Did you people all miss that deal a couple years ago about the guy suing the LAPD because according to their entrance tests he was too smart to be a cop? His IQ was only 123. THis is pretty average (when you discount mentally retarded people). How can you put so much faith in a bunch of folks when their departments have procedures in place to ensure that they only hire the dumbest of the mediocre?
I wasn't thinking firearm safety, because I would agree that, as the NRA's main occupation being the handling of firearms, I would imagine they're quite good at that :P I was thinking more the legality of using their weapon. If the NRA and the police are seeing eye to eye as to what's appropriate, then there's no problem. Do you see what I mean? Then there would be no questions later.  As far as I know, the NRA is the largest contract agent whne it comes to acceptable use of force instruction. They actually own another company that actually carries out the classes (b/c the NRA is non-profit, and they charge rather well for these courses). I would assume they see eye to eye, since the NRA is the one telling the police what to think on this one.   No, I would think police should know what is appropriate, so they should be given more leeway in regard to what they do. They are also a government agency, created to protect us. What they do they do to protect all of us. That limits their liability. Obviously excessive use of force should be looked into, but their training should allow them some leeway as to what they are allowed to do.  There are strict and specific laws regarding what is an acceptable use of force. The law does not allow for "personal discretion" as a defense. YOur use of force is either justified, or it is not. If a cop uses unjustified force, they are breaking the law. THey have become criminals, and should be treated as such.    Here? In the US? Wow, I did not know that. Wait, and they all ended with the passengers being killed? Somehow I would think I would have heard about that :S  All over the world. It was damn near an epidemic. Somebody was generally killed in every one of th hijackings. There were spectacular raids by british special forces (which ended up proving that british special forces should perhapse not try to pull off spectacular raids). This was why the Sky Marshal program was instituted it he first place. Ia m not sure how you could have missed this. Not much of a fan of history (or current events, as the case may be)?    I can't comment on their hiring procedures, since I don't know exactly what they look for in a recruit :P I would also rather have a police officer, since I know that everything he does will have the safety of the passengers in the forefront of his mind. A private citizen just wants to be Rambo and have a shootout. No thank you!  Ok, so you don;t know what kind of hiring procedures police departments use, therefore you have no idea where these guys that eventually end up wearing badges come from or what kind of background they might have, yet you are willing to blindly assume that they have the best interests of society at heart and you are absolutly certain that they posess the mental capacity, self control, and skills required to protect you?  HAs it not occured to you that you are atributing an awful lot to a bunch of strangers about whom you apparently know very little? As far as the "rambo"" comment, growing up, my father was the fire chief in he town we lived in. As such, I had occasion to know most of the ranking public officials. I was pulled over and treated badly by a police officer, and I went to the police chief to complain. HE told me (And I am paraphrasing, since I didn't have it transcribed or recorded or anything). "Ask your dad, he has his XXXXXX to deal with, I have mine. The majority of cops become cops because they want a badge and a gun, they have wet dreams about shooting people, It is all a power trip to them." That part is absolutly verbatim and I will never forget it. The next is the paraphrasing part "THe next biggest group become cops because their father was a cop, and their grandfather was a cop, and they think they are better than regular people because of it. The last group is the smallest, probably less than 10 percent. They are the guys that become cops because they actually want to help people."   Now, this was a guy who had been a cop for over 30 years and was the chief of a large police department. I think he matces the definition of expert pretty well. While the second half was paraphrased, I have a good memory, so I know all the prime points were there.  It seems to me that the group most likely to go "rambo" on you are the guys who take a low paying, crappy job because they want to carry a gun and tell people what to do.  I have lots and lots of guns. Everything from .22 plinkers to .50 cal sniper rifles. I have assault weapons, rifles, shotguns, pistols. I have never really had the desire to shoot anybody, nor do I forsee wishing to go on a killing spree in the near future. If it comes down to me lying in a puddle of blood in the gutter or a would be attacker lying in a puddle of blood in the gutter, I most certainly intent to ensure that the other guy gets the privelage of becoming a statistic.
Ok, so you are aboard an airplane full of people heading to New York or any major city in the United States. Would you be comfortable knowing that someone who wants to crash the plane can legally bring a gun on board, thus making it easier for him to follow through with his plan? Or would you rather make it more difficult for him to hijack the plane? Your choice.  Actually even with a concealed weapons permit, I do not believe you are allowed to possess a firearm on board an aircraft.  The Second Amendment protects the right to OWN firearms and other weapons, and to use them in self defense. It does not grant a person the right to bring a gun on a plane, nor do I see how it could be interpreted to mean such a thing. Where do you get this question?  And terrorists already recieve their weapons illegally. It is NOT LEGAL for any country to sell weapons to a terrorist country/nation/organization. But somehow they always get their hands on weapons. Hmm... I don't think they go out to their local shooting range and pick up a 9mm pistol. While it is possible (if they passed the backgroud check that is), its not probable. Because they would still have the illegal avenue to pursue the purchase of firearms with. If you want to ban firearms, the only thing you're doing is taking away the rights of citizens to defend themselves. Terrorists and criminals in general will find a way to obtain the firearms they desire no matter what laws are in effect. Llike they would follow the laws anyways? They ARE terrorists you know.)
I agree that the second ammendment does not give us the right to carry guns onto airplanes. It seems to me that terrorists would have no problem legally obtaining firearms, after all, they got pilots licenses legally. I actually took all of my practical flight exams with the same examiners that tested many of the terrorists. The terrorists did nothing illegal in the US until they hijacked those planes. Terrorists could go to any gun store and get a gun with the proper credentials. After all, they are not terrorists until they commit an act of terrorism. Banning guns will not stop them from getting them, but we do need security to assure that they don't get on the planes with them. I don't think there are many people here that are calling for banning guns.  This security you defend did nothing to keep employees of the airlines from placing drugs and guns on an airplane!  Hatred of rights blinds people like you!
Smuggling drugs in the cargo hold of an aircraft and carrying a gun into the cabin of an aircraft are 2 completely different things. Yes, it happened, get over it. The question is: What can be done about it, how can we prevent it in the future? Being able to carry your gun onto a commercial flight is not going to stop people from doing this. We need to identify and fix problems with security, not create more by allowing everyone (which includes terrorists) to carry guns onto aircraft. And I wonder how we caught these smugglers...could it possibly have been security measures in place? And just what hatred of what right are you referring to? How are you going to stop an airline employee that has access to the airplanes from hiding a gun onboard the airplanes for terrorists to use?  Nice use of the term weapon by you in past post. Any item a person is carrying can be used as a weapon
Employees already get searched before boarding a plane. Like the employees did when drugs and weapons were placed on the last airplane!
They could because the safety measures weren't taken as they should have been. Just because they failed once you want to abolish these controls? So now you are accusing the security people at the airports of not doing their jobs!   Maybe they were paid to not do their job. Next time it may be terrorist forcing them to allow other employees to place guns onboard airplanes. How will the terrorist do this? Simple they will tell the security person that a member or members of their family will be harmed if they do not do as instructed! Bank robbers have used this act in the past to rob banks.
There's no such thing like 100% safety. But you can make it as hard as possible for terrorists to get a weapon onboard. Is this your logic in denying airline passengers the right to defend themselves? Do you also use this logic when you purchase insurance? Insurance is like owning a gun. These two items are only good when you need them if you have them at the time of need.
After drinking a bottle of booze, I couldn't kill someone with my insurance  After drinking a bottle of booze you can also get into your car and kill someone.  Insurance like a gun is only good when you have these items at the time of need.   As for an argument that is what you want to do. I am here just to point out that people for gun control want it because they have no use for guns! People that want gun control think banning guns is the answer. As with any ban it is clear the only people that obey the ban are not the criminals.
 Let's see. How am I going to stop the employee. Hmmm...perhaps proper pre-employment screening, proper security screening for all airport employees as they come to work, random surveilance of airport employees, tougher penalties for those commiting such crimes...etc. There are many ways to do this. Remember that no security measures are perfect. We will never be safe, only safer. Criminals in the past have resorted to taking the families of bank mangers hostage to rob banks. So even with all of your security measure in place the terrorist will do this. Or the terrorist will become employed by the airlines. Not all people in these extremist religious sects have criminal records.   I bet you that is what you will do. You will copy the security procedures used around their nukes. The military has something called a no alone zone. That means no one allowed in these zones alone. Wait if this system worked for the military there would be no need for these people in these no alone zones to be armed. But these people are armed in no alone zones, I wonder why?
Criminals in the past have resorted to taking the families of bank mangers hostage to rob banks. So even with all of your security measure in place the terrorist will do this. Or the terrorist will become employed by the airlines. Not all people in these extremist religious sects have criminal records.   I bet you that is what you will do. You will copy the security procedures used around their nukes. The military has something called a no alone zone. That means no one allowed in these zones alone. Wait if this system worked for the military there would be no need for these people in these no alone zones to be armed. But these people are armed in no alone zones, I wonder why?  Often, people in no alone zones aren't armed. Instead, the area is covered by a series of remotely operated mini guns. This is just what we need at airports. Sensor operated mini guns in conjunction with proximity badges and metal detectors. Got a knitting needle in your purse? 1200 rounds of .40 will teach you.  Of course, then you have to do somethign to watch the guy who runs the mini guns, so we get another guy to stand there next to hom with a gun to his head. But then who watches that guy? Watchers watching the watchers of the watchers. At what point do you accept that the government cannot protect you all the time and take responsibility for your own safety?
So I ask you, what is your solution? How will it work? How can your solution provide greater safety? What problems will be inherent in your solution? How will you fix these problems?   If you can honestly answer these, perhaps your argument might make some sense...however, judging by your past record...I doubt you can.  There is no way to stop it. With each increase in security measures that people like you demand, the terrorist will just change their tactics and go around them. Resulting in tragic events like on 9/11.  Prior to the ban on carrying guns aboard planes there was no one acting like heros. Did planes get hijacked before the ban on carrying guns aboard planes? Sure were. Did people on these planes have firearms? No one knows. We do know that when guns were allowed on planes no one acted like a hero.
 If there were armed people on the aircraft, they were cowardly gun toting people who despite the fact that they could have potentially intervened in a terrorist hijacking, they chose to sit in their seat and do nothing.  This is the only way you can respond to law-abiding Americans carrying guns!   Comparing hijackings pre 9/11 and post 9/11 is pointless.  Why because you cannot defend your demands? Before 9/11 when law-abiding Americans were allowed to carry guns on planes how many people died during these hijackings?    I have little time or patience for people who repeatedly will criticize others for their possible solutions to such problems, but offer none of their own. As you recall, I did ask you if you had a solution, If you were capable of comprehending the concept of punishment, you would know the answer. You do not punish law-abiding citizens. You punish criminals or in the case of 9/11 the terrorist that waged war on America. Now you will claim the terrorist died that day along with unarmed law-abiding Americans. The terrorist countries and governments that planned, financed, and sent the terrorist are not gone.  Why are terrorists starting to attack American targets now? Because people like you only want to compromise with terrorist countries. Your solution is to make targets more secure thus increasing the political advantage of attacking them. The terrorists get more political leverage for their efforts the harder it is to take a target. The terrorist experts stated they cannot prevent another 9/11. You must think you can, because all you want treat every law-abiding America as a terrorist! All in the name of attempting to prevent something that the terrorist experts stated we cannot prevent.   You do nothing to the terrorist countries or governments that sent the terrorist to wage war on America! You will treat law-abiding Americans as terrorists!   negative consequences.  What are the negative consequences of being used as a flying bomb?
1958 brought us the first wide spread ban on posession of a handgun on airplanes. It was in response to the first attempted hijacking. The would be hijacker was shot by a passenger. There was a steady increase in hijackings after this. Between 1967 and 1972, there were over 150 hiackings.
 If there were armed people on the aircraft, they were cowardly gun toting people who despite the fact that they could have potentially intervened in a terrorist hijacking, they chose to sit in their seat and do nothing.  This is how you respond to gun owners when they do not act as you claim gun owners will. These people if they were on these airplanes acted responsible. Since they did not do as you claimed they would you have to attack them by calling them names.  I have never mentioned punishing law abiding citizens.  When your treat law-abiding citizens as potential terrorist it is punishing them. You know some what how the Nazis treated all people as suspects by asking for their papers.  Taking a nuclear launch facility inside the US would be a highly valuable score for terrorists, and extremely hard to do. Do you honestly think the terrorists would attempt it? Not a chance. So are you demanded nuclear security at airports? Who is going to pay the bill for this? Come socialist last time you were asked this you said the airlines would pick up the cost of security. I guess in your economic logic is this is not passed on to the customer.
 And how exactly did I claim that gun owners would act? And by responsible, you mean that they kept their guns holstered and did not attempt to use them? Well, if so, I am confused. I thought you were claiming that responsible gun owners (those with training who were able to use a gun properly and accurately) would use their firearms to stop a hijacking?  No, you said this not me. I said they should be allowed the option. Now if this person did this, then that armed passenger observed the hijacking and responded accordingly. You attacked this person by calling them names. Even law enforcement has done this when they thought the use of firearms would not help resolve the hijacking.   How is enforcing a gun free zone (ie...aircraft) treating people like terrorists?  How do you purpose to check every passenger for weapons? When you treat law-abiding citizens as potential terrorist it is punishing them. You know some what how the Nazis treated all people as suspects by asking for their papers.    I never demanded any such thing. It was a question. As for the price you quote that is what you stated the cost will be. Add in the added cost in time to passengers. The added cost of space required to preform these security measures. The added cost of maintenance of the security measures. Let us not forget that every time a person is thought to have been missed at any of the various check points the airports are shut down and every passenger is researched and check.   Just how big of security perimeter do you want?
Er... don't they do this? I thought that was the point of all those fancy detectors and security screenings.  I guess you don't agree with checking passports either emoticon_smile Yep, they are so fancy that people need to take off items like shoes, cloths, belts, and empty their pockets to go through them.   As for passport that is for travel from one country to another.
And I suppose you know of a machine that can tell the difference between a knife or gun and some other kind of metal that a person has on them? ie... belt buckles, metal soles in shoes, car keys, watches, jewelry, etc...   Would you rather everyone just walk to the plane with no screening at all? You are defending the security measures you demand that treat law-abiding passengers as terrorist not me. So you need to answer your own question.  As pointed out there was the problem prior to the ban on people carrying guns on airplanes. People that had guns acted how you wanted them too. There were no gun battles on airplanes as you claimed. Yet you had to use degrading names to describe law-abiding citizens carrying guns.
No, I asked you: Would you rather no screening at all? You should know my opinion on this...I asked you. You can either answer it, or dodge it...your choice.  How did I want them to act? I don't believe I have ever made the statement that I wanted people to carry guns on aircraft in the first place, so I certainly would not have expectations of those people. And if nobody used them, in any of the hijackings that took place...what is the point of having them? Remember, the fact that everyone was allowed to carry a gun on board made it easier for the terrorists to hijack the aircraft. Just like allowing people to carry a knife with up to a four inch blade made it easier for the terrorists on 9/11 to hijack the aircraft. They just walked right on with their legal weapons...and bam...3000 people dead. And what degrading names did I use? Are you talking about me saying that they were cowardly? Well, if they had guns, and could have prevented or stopped the hijacking in the process as you claim guns will, and did not use them, I would say that is a cowardly act. You are just like the college kid that attacked the football player that passed up a career in football. Only to die defending what he believed in. The college kid far from any danger vilified an American that died for his country.
40 reasons For Gun Control    _________________________________________________       Significant portions of this article are excerpted from Michael Z. Williamson's excellent and witty piece, It's amazing what one has to believe to believe in gun control"    1. Banning guns works, which is why New York, DC, & Chicago cops need guns.  2. Washington DC's low murder rate of 69 per 100,000 is due to strict gun control, and Indianapolis' high murder rate of 9 per 100,000 is due to the lack of gun control.  3. Statistics showing high murder rates justify gun control but statistics showing increasing murder rates after gun control are "just statistics."  4. The Brady Bill and the Assault Weapons Ban, both of which went into effect in 1994 are responsible for the decrease in violent crime rates, which have been declining since 1991.  5. We must get rid of guns because a deranged lunatic may go on a shooting spree at any time and anyone who would own a gun out of fear of such a lunatic is paranoid.  6. The more helpless you are the safer you are from criminals.  7. An intruder will be incapacitated by tear gas or oven spray, but if shot with a .357 Magnum will get angry and kill you.  8. A woman raped and strangled is morally superior to a woman with a smoking gun and a dead rapist at her feet.  9. When confronted by violent criminals, you should "put up no defense -- give them what they want, or run" (Handgun Control Inc. Chairman Pete Shields, Guns Don't Die - People Do, 1981, p.125).  10. The New England Journal of Medicine is filled with expert advice about guns; just like Guns & Ammo has some excellent treatises on heart surgery.  11. One should consult an automotive engineer for safer seatbelts, a civil engineer for a better bridge, a surgeon for internal medicine, a computer programmer for hard drive problems, and Sarah Brady for firearms expertise.  12. The 2nd Amendment, ratified in 1787, refers to the National Guard, which was created 130 years later, in 1917.  13. The National Guard, federally funded, with bases on federal land, using federally-owned weapons, vehicles, buildings and uniforms, punishing trespassers under federal law, is a "state" militia.  14. These phrases: "right of the people peaceably to assemble," "right of the people to be secure in their homes," "enumerations herein of certain rights shall not be construed to disparage others retained by the people," and "The powers not delegated herein are reserved to the states respectively, and to the people" all refer to individuals, but "the right of the people to keep and bear arm" refers to the state.  15. "The Constitution is strong and will never change." But we should ban and seize all guns thereby violating the 2nd, 4th, and 5th Amendments to that Constitution.  16. Rifles and handguns aren't necessary to national defense! Of course, the army has hundreds of thousands of them.  17. Private citizens shouldn't have handguns, because they aren't "military weapons", but private citizens shouldn't have "assault rifles", because they are military weapons.  18. In spite of waiting periods, background checks, finger printing, government forms, etc., guns today are too readily available, which is responsible for recent school shootings. In the 1940's, 1950's and1960's, anyone could buy guns at hardware stores, army surplus stores, gas stations, variety stores, Sears mail order, no waiting, no background check, no fingerprints, no government forms and there were no school shootings.  19. The NRA's attempt to run a "don't touch" campaign about kids handling guns is propaganda, but the anti-gun lobby's attempt to run a "don't touch" campaign is responsible social activity.  20. Guns are so complex that special training is necessary to use them properly, and so simple to use that they make murder easy.  21. A handgun, with up to 4 controls, is far too complex for the typical adult to learn to use, as opposed to an automobile that only has 20.  22. Women are just as intelligent and capable as men but a woman with a gun is "an accident waiting to happen" and gun makers' advertisements aimed at women are "preying on their fears."  23. Ordinary people in the presence of guns turn into slaughtering butchers but revert to normal when the weapon is removed.  24. Guns cause violence, which is why there are so many mass killings at gun shows.  25. A majority of the population supports gun control, just like a majority of the population supported owning slaves.  26. Any self-loading small arm can legitimately be considered to be a "weapon of mass destruction" or an "assault weapon."  27. Most people can't be trusted, so we should have laws against guns, which most people will abide by because they can be trusted.  28. The right of Internet pornographers to exist cannot be questioned because it is constitutionally protected by the Bill of Rights, but the use of handguns for self defense is not really protected by the Bill of Rights.  29. Free speech entitles one to own newspapers, transmitters, computers, and typewriters, but self-defense only justifies bare hands.  30. The ACLU is good because it uncompromisingly defends certain parts of the Constitution, and the NRA is bad, because it defends other parts of the Constitution.  31. Charlton Heston, a movie actor as president of the NRA is a cheap lunatic who should be ignored, but Michael Douglas, a movie actor as a representative of Handgun Control, Inc. is an ambassador for peace who is entitled to an audience at the UN arms control summit.  32. Police operate with backup within groups, which is why they need larger capacity pistol magazines than do "civilians" who must face criminals alone and therefore need less ammunition.  33. We should ban "Saturday Night Specials" and other inexpensive guns because it's not fair that poor people have access to guns too.  34. Police officers have some special Jedi-like mastery over hand guns that private citizens can never hope to obtain.  35. Private citizens don't need a gun for self-protection because the police are there to protect them even though the Supreme Court says the police are not responsible for their protection.  36. Citizens don't need to carry a gun for personal protection but police chiefs, who are desk-bound administrators who work in a building filled with cops, need a gun.  37. "Assault weapons" have no purpose other than to kill large numbers of people. The police need assault weapons. You do not.  38. When Microsoft pressures its distributors to give Microsoft preferential promotion, that's bad; but when the Federal government pressures cities to buy guns only from Smith & Wesson, that's good.  39. Trigger locks do not interfere with the ability to use a gun for defensive purposes, which is why you see police officers with one on their duty weapon.  40. Handgun Control, Inc. says they want to "keep guns out of the wrong hands." Guess what? You have the wrong hands
That is a lot, but I want gun control. I want:  1) Instant background checks. No waiting period. No cool off time. No central database of gun owners.   Only if they do the same thing for driver licences (cars are deadly).  I would not be killed if they did an instant check that was seperate from the gun purchase... Although I would be supsicious....   2) Larger budget for law enforcement for persecution of firearm offenders. No larger budget for law enforecemnt + unconstitutional gun laws on the same bill before Congress.   Smaller budget for law enforcment.. Stop the so-called war on drugs. Disband the DEA, the BATFE, Have the FBI do these things on a very minor scale.   REPEAL LAWS FOR MALA IN PROHIBITA CRIMES!  Shift the responsibility to the individual.  REALEASE NON VIOLENT DRUG OFFENDERS!  Liberty encompases all people in all passions even if we disprove of thier PERSONAL behavior.   3) Expanded civilian training such as Civilian Marksmanship Program to include all manner of modern military weapons.   Yes as they did in 1776 times.   4) If the militia is the National Guard, then I want formal seperation of National Guard from Federal authority.  And the state... States can have armies... The people are the Militia.
That is a lot, but I want gun control. I want:  1) Instant background checks. No waiting period. No cool off time. No central database of gun owners. 2) Larger budget for law enforcement for persecution of firearm offenders. No larger budget for law enforecemnt + unconstitutional gun laws on the same bill before Congress. 3) Expanded civilian training such as Civilian Marksmanship Program to include all manner of modern military weapons. 4) If the militia is the National Guard, then I want formal seperation of National Guard from Federal authority.  Here is the definition of pro: 1 : an argument or evidence in affirmation <an appraisal of the pros and cons<  2 : the affirmative side or one holding it  You claim to be defending the right to bear arms. Yet you defend the very gun control laws that the gun haters want!  How are you defending the right to bear arms if you want the very same gun control laws as the gun haters?
The National Guard interpretation of the militia is totally false. The NG is a standing army. The militia is not. The NG can be federalized. The militia can not. They wear the same uniforms. The officers all know each other and play golf together.  If the NG is the militia, then I want to have stock plies of weapons at schools, hospitals, libraries, and churches. No federalization of NG. Complete and total seperation of NG from federal influence, communication, and socializatlion, right down to even different uniforms.   We are saying the same thing.
Here is the definition of pro: 1 : an argument or evidence in affirmation <an appraisal of the pros and cons<  2 : the affirmative side or one holding it  You claim to be defending the right to bear arms. Yet you defend the very gun control laws that the gun haters want!  How are you defending the right to bear arms if you want the very same gun control laws as the gun haters?    Excatly!   As when I said:   Only if they do the same thing for driver licences (cars are deadly).  I would not be killed if they did an instant check that was seperate from the gun purchase... Although I would be supsicious....    I would consider a national background check that was universal in nature. Meaning that you would have to go through the same phone call proccess that the NCIC does. Cept it won't know WHY the shop is calling... Driver licenses, becoming a teacher. Guns, opening or operating a daycare, getting your pilots license, applying for the police force, the military... Make it vast enough that it is not a so called gun control law.  I would consider it not for the reasons you think.... I would consider something like this to absolve the gun shop owner from any liability for some nutjob and his misdeeds. And I would ONLY consider it if it REPEALED GCA1934, NFA1968, Brady, assault ban, etc.. etc... and became the ONLY factor in checking to make sure your not a convicted felon (of a violent crime) or a crazed (committed at one time) loon.  ONLY THEN...  Oh and Kelvin.... I will never lay down my arms.....   MOLON LABE!
I have laid down some conditions before I give up my guns. They are not going to happen. There is no way I see within my life, that the 2nd Amendment will be repealled. There is no way that the National Guard will become "militia-ized" in my life time.  You still want limits on the right to bear arms!  Once you have limits on a right you simply keep raising the limits until people cannot met them!  Gun hater will do anything to ban the right to bear arms.  I noticed not one of the items you mentioned dealt with dangerous criminals! In fact all the items you mentioned would deal only with the law abiding citizens.
I have laid down some conditions before I give up my guns. They are not going to happen. There is no way I see within my life, that the 2nd Amendment will be repealled. There is no way that the National Guard will become "militia-ized" in my life time.  Here is the definition of militia: Function: noun Etymology: Latin, military service, from milit-, miles Date: circa 1660 1 a : a part of the organized armed forces of a country  liable to call only in emergency b : a body of citizens  organized for military service  2 : the whole body of able-bodied male citizens declared by  law as being subject to call to military service   Ok here is the 2nd amend : A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security  of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear  arms, shall not be infringed.   Now if you read the definition of militia as a citizen of  America I could be called up to serve in one. But no where  can the gun haters produce one document stating a  requirement to be in a militia to bear arms.   All gun haters want is to do is put limits on the right to  bear arms. Once this limit is on the right to bear arms the  gun haters will say now that we have a standing military we  no longer need militias. So guess what just happened to the  right to bear arms.   This is why the founding fathers put no limits on our  rights.   This is why the founding fathers describe our rights as the  right of the people!  This is why they are not collective rights like the gun haters  want to claim. Gun haters like the word collective. Gun  haters will use the communist tactics to harass and  threaten people gun haters cannot shut up!
I have laid down some conditions before I give up my guns. They are not going to happen. There is no way I see within my life, that the 2nd Amendment will be repealled. There is no way that the National Guard will become "militia-ized" in my life time.   Hey here is the definition of infringement  1 : the act of infringing  2 : an encroachment or trespass on a right or privilege   So tell me how you are pro right to bear arms if you want limits on that right?
Western crime level drops have coincided with an increased availabilty of handguns...fancy that.  If you want the link, just ask.
I'm not sure where you get your statistics from. You seem to be very vague about a lot of your sources, but check out this USDOJ report entitled "Violent crime rates have declined since 1994, reaching the lowest level ever recorded in 2002." http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/glance/viort.htm  Now, I've heard a lot of claims from pro-gunners about how crime in the UK and Australia has been skyrocketing since new gun laws went into effect in those nations. But they say nothing about how the US violent crime rate has been steadily decreasing since 1994 when new gun laws took effect. Why the inconsistency?   ***Yawn*** revisionist history... Well here are the facts from http://www.gunowners.org/fs0404.htm:  D. Myth #4: Recent gun control laws have reduced the U.S. murder rate.  1. Murder rate was already decreasing before Brady and semi-auto gun ban passed. Those who claim that the two gun control laws enacted in 1994 have reduced the murder rate ignore the fact that the U.S. murder rate has been decreasing from the high it reached in 1991.172 Thus, the murder rate had already begun decreasing two to three years before the Brady law and the semi-auto gun ban became law.  2. Murder rate decrease results from fewer violent youths. The Democratic Judiciary Committee noted in 1991 that, "An analysis of the murder tolls since 1960 offers compelling evidence of the link-the significant rise of murder in the late 1960's, and the slight decrease in murder in the early 1980's follows from an unusually large number of 18-24 year-olds in the general population. This age group is the most violent one, as well as the group most likely to be victimized-and the murder figures ebb and flow with their ranks."173 (Emphasis added.)  3. According to the Clinton Justice Department, crime has decreased even while the number of guns increased. The Bureau of Justice Statistics, the research arm of the Justice Department, reported in 2000 that while the number of firearms in circulation rose nearly 10% during a recent five-year period, gun-related deaths and woundings dropped 33%.174  4. Concealed carry laws have dropped murder and crime rates in the states that have enacted them. According to a comprehensive study which studied crime statistics in all of the counties in the United States from 1977 to 1992, states which passed concealed carry laws reduced their murder rate by 8.5%, rapes by 5%, aggravated assaults by 7% and robbery by 3%.175
BS. Where is the raw data... The link you show is from www.gunowners.org over there and does not give links to the raw data so it is probably skewed to make themselves look better.   Your own words condemn you   There called footnotes The GOA is peppered with them not like the made up XXXX from the brady bunch and other civil rights violators like yourself.   Why don't you try disputing facts than making up stories and childishly trying to copy me.  Here lets start with this.... Please read and explain to me how (if) any of these 40 things are wrong Mr. Civil-Rights violator:   1. Banning guns works, which is why New York, DC, & Chicago cops need guns.  2. Washington DC's low murder rate of 69 per 100,000 is due to strict gun control, and Indianapolis' high murder rate of 9 per 100,000 is due to the lack of gun control.  3. Statistics showing high murder rates justify gun control but statistics showing increasing murder rates after gun control are "just statistics."  4. The Brady Bill and the Assault Weapons Ban, both of which went into effect in 1994 are responsible for the decrease in violent crime rates, which have been declining since 1991.  5. We must get rid of guns because a deranged lunatic may go on a shooting spree at any time and anyone who would own a gun out of fear of such a lunatic is paranoid.  6. The more helpless you are the safer you are from criminals.  7. An intruder will be incapacitated by tear gas or oven spray, but if shot with a .357 Magnum will get angry and kill you.  8. A woman raped and strangled is morally superior to a woman with a smoking gun and a dead rapist at her feet.  9. When confronted by violent criminals, you should "put up no defense -- give them what they want, or run" (Handgun Control Inc. Chairman Pete Shields, Guns Don't Die - People Do, 1981, p.125).  10. The New England Journal of Medicine is filled with expert advice about guns; just like Guns & Ammo has some excellent treatises on heart surgery.  11. One should consult an automotive engineer for safer seatbelts, a civil engineer for a better bridge, a surgeon for internal medicine, a computer programmer for hard drive problems, and Sarah Brady for firearms expertise.  12. The 2nd Amendment, ratified in 1787, refers to the National Guard, which was created 130 years later, in 1917.  13. The National Guard, federally funded, with bases on federal land, using federally-owned weapons, vehicles, buildings and uniforms, punishing trespassers under federal law, is a "state" militia.  14. These phrases: "right of the people peaceably to assemble," "right of the people to be secure in their homes," "enumerations herein of certain rights shall not be construed to disparage others retained by the people," and "The powers not delegated herein are reserved to the states respectively, and to the people" all refer to individuals, but "the right of the people to keep and bear arm" refers to the state.  15. "The Constitution is strong and will never change." But we should ban and seize all guns thereby violating the 2nd, 4th, and 5th Amendments to that Constitution.  16. Rifles and handguns aren't necessary to national defense! Of course, the army has hundreds of thousands of them.  17. Private citizens shouldn't have handguns, because they aren't "military weapons", but private citizens shouldn't have "assault rifles", because they are military weapons.  18. In spite of waiting periods, background checks, finger printing, government forms, etc., guns today are too readily available, which is responsible for recent school shootings. In the 1940's, 1950's and1960's, anyone could buy guns at hardware stores, army surplus stores, gas stations, variety stores, Sears mail order, no waiting, no background check, no fingerprints, no government forms and there were no school shootings.  19. The NRA's attempt to run a "don't touch" campaign about kids handling guns is propaganda, but the anti-gun lobby's attempt to run a "don't touch" campaign is responsible social activity.  20. Guns are so complex that special training is necessary to use them properly, and so simple to use that they make murder easy.  21. A handgun, with up to 4 controls, is far too complex for the typical adult to learn to use, as opposed to an automobile that only has 20.  22. Women are just as intelligent and capable as men but a woman with a gun is "an accident waiting to happen" and gun makers' advertisements aimed at women are "preying on their fears."  23. Ordinary people in the presence of guns turn into slaughtering butchers but revert to normal when the weapon is removed.  24. Guns cause violence, which is why there are so many mass killings at gun shows.  25. A majority of the population supports gun control, just like a majority of the population supported owning slaves.  26. Any self-loading small arm can legitimately be considered to be a "weapon of mass destruction" or an "assault weapon."  27. Most people can't be trusted, so we should have laws against guns, which most people will abide by because they can be trusted.  28. The right of Internet pornographers to exist cannot be questioned because it is constitutionally protected by the Bill of Rights, but the use of handguns for self defense is not really protected by the Bill of Rights.  29. Free speech entitles one to own newspapers, transmitters, computers, and typewriters, but self-defense only justifies bare hands.  30. The ACLU is good because it uncompromisingly defends certain parts of the Constitution, and the NRA is bad, because it defends other parts of the Constitution.  31. Charlton Heston, a movie actor as president of the NRA is a cheap lunatic who should be ignored, but Michael Douglas, a movie actor as a representative of Handgun Control, Inc. is an ambassador for peace who is entitled to an audience at the UN arms control summit.  32. Police operate with backup within groups, which is why they need larger capacity pistol magazines than do "civilians" who must face criminals alone and therefore need less ammunition.  33. We should ban "Saturday Night Specials" and other inexpensive guns because it's not fair that poor people have access to guns too.  34. Police officers have some special Jedi-like mastery over hand guns that private citizens can never hope to obtain.  35. Private citizens don't need a gun for self-protection because the police are there to protect them even though the Supreme Court says the police are not responsible for their protection.  36. Citizens don't need to carry a gun for personal protection but police chiefs, who are desk-bound administrators who work in a building filled with cops, need a gun.  37. "Assault weapons" have no purpose other than to kill large numbers of people. The police need assault weapons. You do not.  38. When Microsoft pressures its distributors to give Microsoft preferential promotion, that's bad; but when the Federal government pressures cities to buy guns only from Smith & Wesson, that's good.  39. Trigger locks do not interfere with the ability to use a gun for defensive purposes, which is why you see police officers with one on their duty weapon.  40. Handgun Control, Inc. says they want to "keep guns out of the wrong hands." Guess what? You have the wrong hands
A strawman argument. I never claimed that there was a casual relationship. Another one of the numerous times when you've attempted to put words in my mouth.    Still haven't addressed the topic of the thread...  1. Banning guns works, which is why New York, DC, & Chicago cops need guns.  2. Washington DC's low murder rate of 69 per 100,000 is due to strict gun control, and Indianapolis' high murder rate of 9 per 100,000 is due to the lack of gun control.  3. Statistics showing high murder rates justify gun control but statistics showing increasing murder rates after gun control are "just statistics."  4. The Brady Bill and the Assault Weapons Ban, both of which went into effect in 1994 are responsible for the decrease in violent crime rates, which have been declining since 1991.  5. We must get rid of guns because a deranged lunatic may go on a shooting spree at any time and anyone who would own a gun out of fear of such a lunatic is paranoid.  6. The more helpless you are the safer you are from criminals.  7. An intruder will be incapacitated by tear gas or oven spray, but if shot with a .357 Magnum will get angry and kill you.  8. A woman raped and strangled is morally superior to a woman with a smoking gun and a dead rapist at her feet.  9. When confronted by violent criminals, you should "put up no defense -- give them what they want, or run" (Handgun Control Inc. Chairman Pete Shields, Guns Don't Die - People Do, 1981, p.125).  10. The New England Journal of Medicine is filled with expert advice about guns; just like Guns & Ammo has some excellent treatises on heart surgery.  11. One should consult an automotive engineer for safer seatbelts, a civil engineer for a better bridge, a surgeon for internal medicine, a computer programmer for hard drive problems, and Sarah Brady for firearms expertise.  12. The 2nd Amendment, ratified in 1787, refers to the National Guard, which was created 130 years later, in 1917.  13. The National Guard, federally funded, with bases on federal land, using federally-owned weapons, vehicles, buildings and uniforms, punishing trespassers under federal law, is a "state" militia.  14. These phrases: "right of the people peaceably to assemble," "right of the people to be secure in their homes," "enumerations herein of certain rights shall not be construed to disparage others retained by the people," and "The powers not delegated herein are reserved to the states respectively, and to the people" all refer to individuals, but "the right of the people to keep and bear arm" refers to the state.  15. "The Constitution is strong and will never change." But we should ban and seize all guns thereby violating the 2nd, 4th, and 5th Amendments to that Constitution.  16. Rifles and handguns aren't necessary to national defense! Of course, the army has hundreds of thousands of them.  17. Private citizens shouldn't have handguns, because they aren't "military weapons", but private citizens shouldn't have "assault rifles", because they are military weapons.  18. In spite of waiting periods, background checks, finger printing, government forms, etc., guns today are too readily available, which is responsible for recent school shootings. In the 1940's, 1950's and1960's, anyone could buy guns at hardware stores, army surplus stores, gas stations, variety stores, Sears mail order, no waiting, no background check, no fingerprints, no government forms and there were no school shootings.  19. The NRA's attempt to run a "don't touch" campaign about kids handling guns is propaganda, but the anti-gun lobby's attempt to run a "don't touch" campaign is responsible social activity.  20. Guns are so complex that special training is necessary to use them properly, and so simple to use that they make murder easy.  21. A handgun, with up to 4 controls, is far too complex for the typical adult to learn to use, as opposed to an automobile that only has 20.  22. Women are just as intelligent and capable as men but a woman with a gun is "an accident waiting to happen" and gun makers' advertisements aimed at women are "preying on their fears."  23. Ordinary people in the presence of guns turn into slaughtering butchers but revert to normal when the weapon is removed.  24. Guns cause violence, which is why there are so many mass killings at gun shows.  25. A majority of the population supports gun control, just like a majority of the population supported owning slaves.  26. Any self-loading small arm can legitimately be considered to be a "weapon of mass destruction" or an "assault weapon."  27. Most people can't be trusted, so we should have laws against guns, which most people will abide by because they can be trusted.  28. The right of Internet pornographers to exist cannot be questioned because it is constitutionally protected by the Bill of Rights, but the use of handguns for self defense is not really protected by the Bill of Rights.  29. Free speech entitles one to own newspapers, transmitters, computers, and typewriters, but self-defense only justifies bare hands.  30. The ACLU is good because it uncompromisingly defends certain parts of the Constitution, and the NRA is bad, because it defends other parts of the Constitution.  31. Charlton Heston, a movie actor as president of the NRA is a cheap lunatic who should be ignored, but Michael Douglas, a movie actor as a representative of Handgun Control, Inc. is an ambassador for peace who is entitled to an audience at the UN arms control summit.  32. Police operate with backup within groups, which is why they need larger capacity pistol magazines than do "civilians" who must face criminals alone and therefore need less ammunition.  33. We should ban "Saturday Night Specials" and other inexpensive guns because it's not fair that poor people have access to guns too.  34. Police officers have some special Jedi-like mastery over hand guns that private citizens can never hope to obtain.
The National Guard interpretation of the militia is totally false. The NG is a standing army. The militia is not. The NG can be federalized. The militia can not. They wear the same uniforms. The officers all know each other and play golf together.  If the NG is the militia, then I want to have stock plies of weapons at schools, hospitals, libraries, and churches. No federalization of NG. Complete and total seperation of NG from federal influence, communication, and socializatlion, right down to even different uniforms.  Correct. The National Guard is nothing more than an 'extension' of the Federal Army (and Air Force). We wear the same uniform as our active duty counterparts as well.  You may recall that back in the 60's Gov. George Wallace was powerless to stop the 'Federalization' of National Guard troops which were used against him, by forcing the desegregation of Alabama schools. Regardless of where you stand on the politics of that situation, the Federal government clearly overstepped their authority here and thus established their control over 'National Guard' units henceforth.  The National Guard being referred to as the 'militia' is laughable and wholly inaccurate. It's a cop out used by anti-gunners to excuse their attempts to disarm the 'law abiding'.
BS. Where is the raw data... The link you show is from www.gunowners.org over there and does not give links to the raw data so it is probably skewed to make themselves look better.   Your own words condemn you  Nice try, but no cigar. It's been widely reported, even on liberal-run media, that states with 'conceal carry laws' have had a reduction in overall crime and more dramatic reductions in specific crimes like murder, etc.  Myself, I don't worry with providing 'raw data' for lazy liberals who won't be swayed in their rabid hatred of 'gun ownership' anyway. Just keep believing Sarah Brady and the rest of those fools.  However, you might want to read some of John Lott's stuff:  http://www.johnrlott.com/  http://www.press.uchicago.edu/Misc/Chicago/493636.html
Nice try, but no cigar. It's been widely reported, even on liberal-run media, that states with 'conceal carry laws' have had a reduction in overall crime and more dramatic reductions in specific crimes like murder, etc.  Myself, I don't worry with providing 'raw data' for lazy liberals who won't be swayed in their rabid hatred of 'gun ownership' anyway. Just keep believing Sarah Brady and the rest of those fools.  However, you might want to read some of John Lott's stuff:  http://www.johnrlott.com/  http://www.press.uchicago.edu/Misc/Chicago/493636.html     Oh he won't read that... This American in exile (does not even live here anymore) just disappears for a while whe the heat is on only to resurface with his same propaganda after the heat has died down.
Check out this USDOJ report entitled "Violent crime rates have declined since 1994, reaching the lowest level ever recorded in 2002." http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/glance/viort.htm  Why do you call this revisionist history? And please don't copy and paste a bunch of stuff from some progun website again.    So what the hell does that have to do with anything... oh and do not tell me that the AWB was the reason... Assault weapons are used in less than .20% of crimes:  "Assault weapons are not the weapons of choice among drug dealers, gang members or criminals in general. Assault weapons are used in about one-fifth of one percent (.20%) of all violent crimes and about one percent in gun crimes. It is estimated that from one to seven percent of all homicides are committed with assault weapons (rifles of any type are involved in three to four percent of all homicides). However a higher percentage are used in police homicides, roughly ten percent. (There has been no consistent trend in this rate from 1978 through 1996.) Between 1992 and 1996 less than 4% of mass murders, committed with guns, involved assault weapons. (Our deadliest mass murders have either involved arson or bombs.) "  Whats your point?
My point was to ask you a question. Why do you call it revisionist history?  Your implication that dropping crime rates has anything to do with the AWB....
"According to the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Uniform Crime Reports, from 1997 to 1998 the nation's overall crime rate dropped 6.4%, from 4930.0 to 4615.5 crimes per 100,000 population. More telling is this continuing trend where crime fell faster in states that have strict carrying concealed weapons (CCW) laws or that do not allow the carrying of concealed weapons at all than in states which have lax CCW laws."  "From 1992 to 1998 (the last six years for which data exists), the violent crime rate in the strict and no-issue states fell 30% while the violent crime rate for the 11 states that had liberal CCW laws (where law enforcement must issue CCW licenses to almost all applicants) during this entire period dropped only 15%." http://www.bradycampaign.org/facts/research/?page=conctruth&menu=gvr  Brady Campaign?? LOL! What's next? The 'scientific research' of Michael Moore? Give me a break! LOL!
"According to the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Uniform Crime Reports, from 1997 to 1998 the nation's overall crime rate dropped 6.4%, from 4930.0 to 4615.5 crimes per 100,000 population. More telling is this continuing trend where crime fell faster in states that have strict carrying concealed weapons (CCW) laws or that do not allow the carrying of concealed weapons at all than in states which have lax CCW laws."  "From 1992 to 1998 (the last six years for which data exists), the violent crime rate in the strict and no-issue states fell 30% while the violent crime rate for the 11 states that had liberal CCW laws (where law enforcement must issue CCW licenses to almost all applicants) during this entire period dropped only 15%." http://www.bradycampaign.org/facts/research/?page=conctruth&menu=gvr  Even MORE telling is that they cite only one source, which is the FBI's uniform crime reports. While they attempt to make it look like the uniform crime report analysed state crime statistics (which it does not....all the uniform crime report provides is that from 1997-1998 overall crime declined 6.4%, but violent crime ROSE by 2.8%) in order to bolster their claims.  Here is a c&p of the message I sent the brady campaign regarding that report:  I was interested in a report I saw on your web page entitled "CONCEALED TRUTH Concealed Weapons Laws and Trends in Violent Crime in the United States". Some people have claimed that the numbers used in that report are heavily edited to support your claims. Could you please provide me with a list of sources that was used in the compilation of the report so I can review the data myself and refute their claims?  Here is a c&p of their reply:  Due to the complex nature of statistical analysis, we do not provide source or raw data information. Often, our studies draw from such a broad range of sources that we are not able to keep track of all of them ourselves! You can be assured that our team of researchers has reviewed all the data available and drawn the correct conclusions.   So, what they are saying in the first line is they feel that you are too stupid to look at raw data and formulate a conclusion. In the second line, they are saying that THEY are too stupid to keep track f their sources, and in the third line they are saying, "but it is OK, we won't provide you with any evidence, but trust us anyway".  This is a typical "analysis" dne by the brady folks. No sources, they are unwilling to provide source information, they toss out a single source which doesn't even come close to covering all the claims they have made, but they expect us to just trust them.  The anti-gunners have a long ways to go if they are going to convince us that their doctored numbers are real. I am not realy fond of the NRA (because I think they are traitors to their memebers), but their reports are generally footnoted, and if you request raw data fromm them you ge either a definitive link, or a HUGE packet of photocopies.
A lot of those points are strawman arguments. The author is saying if you believe in gun control then you believe these things. Well, I believe in gun-control and I don't believe a lot of those things the author just posted. So the author must not be familiar with the arguments that pro-gun-control people make.   Care to elaborate or is this so dead on that this is the best you can do?
[QUOTE=voiceofreason]The problem is that allowing people to legally carry concealed weapons makes it easier for criminals to carry guns around.QUOTE]  Apply this logic to other things Americans commit crimes with such as cars, knives, baseball bats, hammers, and poison. The problem with allowing people to have anything is it can be used to kill other people.  Criminals will not obey control laws. Criminals will not be affected by gun control laws. The only people affected by gun control laws will be the law-abiding citizen that waits unarmed for the police to come when an armed criminal is attacking them.   This cannot be said enough times and it falls on the deaf ears anti gun/gun control advocates! The anti gun/gun control advocates want one thing that is to take the right to bear arms away from the American people.  Criminals will not obey control laws. Criminals will not be affected by gun control laws.
You offer no evidence to back up your claims and the links to the studies above prove that you're wrong.  Without all of the information that study means nothing. Now apply that logic to cars. Is a person a criminal when they first purchase a car? Is this person a criminal when they use the car to drag race on a public street resulting in an accident? It is a crime to drag race on public streets. So was the drag racer a criminal when they purchased the car or after they used the legal item to violate the law against drag racing on a public street?
So you want to apply your logic to cars? Here goes. "Cars don't kill people. People kill people. Therefore all traffic laws should be abolished. There should be no stop signs or speed limits. The government should not interfere. I have a right to make my own decisions about the way I drive as long as I don't hurt anyone. I'm a law abiding citizen so nothing can go wrong when I'm behind the wheel."  The question asked was just when does a person become a criminal to dispute VPC bs! In this case I used a car. Was the person a criminal when they purchased the car or after it was used to commit a crime?
The question asked was just when does a person become a criminal to dispute VPC bs! In this case I used a car. Was the person a criminal when they purchased the car or after it was used to commit a crime?  Quoting VPC as a source is ludicrous. Why not quote Sarah Brady too? Gun-control proponents have zero credibility.
The problem is that allowing people to legally carry concealed weapons makes it easier for criminals to carry guns around. And people with a concealed weapons permit are more likely to commit a crime. Florida and Texas have had a lot of problems.  "From 1996 to 2000, Texas concealed handgun license holders were arrested for weapon-related offenses at a rate 81 percent higher than that of the general population of Texas, aged 21 and older which amounts to more than one weapon-related offense every other day since the law went into effect." http://www.vpc.org/press/0206ltk.htm  "Concludes Glick, 'Florida's law has made it substantially easier for individuals with criminal records or criminal intent to go about armed. The findings in Concealed Carry: The Criminal's Companion demonstrate that Florida's concealed carry law is definitely a model one not to be followed.' " http://www.vpc.org/press/9511ccw.htm  Here's some real info on CCW holders in Texas. There was a rebuttal by the TX Dept. of Public Safety, but the link no longer works. I tried searching on their site, but it times out.  # Licensees were 5.7 times less likely to be arrested for violent offenses than the general public - 127 per 100,000 population versus 730 per 100,000.  # Licensees were 14 times less likely to be arrested for nonviolent offenses than the general public - 386 per 100,000 population versus 5,212 per 100,000.  # Further, the general public is 1.4 times more likely to be arrested for murder than licensees [see Figure I], and no licensee had been arrested for negligent manslaughter.  http://www.ncpa.org/ba/ba324/ba324.html http://www.txchia.org/Sturdevant2000.htm http://www.txdps.state.tx.us/administration/crime_records/chl/2000arroflicholders.htm  As far as Florida, the only mention I can find on a quick search is the following:  ..."The rarity of these incidents is reflected in Florida statistics: 221,443 licenses were issued between October 1, 1987 and April 30, 1994, but only 18 crimes involving firearms were committed by those with licenses (Cramer and Kopel, 1995, p. 691).[7] While a statewide breakdown on the nature of those crimes is not available, Dade county records indicate that four crimes involving a permitted handgun took place there between September 1987 and August 1992 and none of those cases resulted in injury (pp. 691-2)."...  http://catb.org/~esr/guns/gunslott.html
The problem is that allowing people to legally carry concealed weapons makes it easier for criminals to carry guns around. And people with a concealed weapons permit are more likely to commit a crime. Florida and Texas have had a lot of problems.  "From 1996 to 2000, Texas concealed handgun license holders were arrested for weapon-related offenses at a rate 81 percent higher than that of the general population of Texas, aged 21 and older which amounts to more than one weapon-related offense every other day since the law went into effect." http://www.vpc.org/press/0206ltk.htm  "Concludes Glick, 'Florida's law has made it substantially easier for individuals with criminal records or criminal intent to go about armed. The findings in Concealed Carry: The Criminal's Companion demonstrate that Florida's concealed carry law is definitely a model one not to be followed.' " http://www.vpc.org/press/9511ccw.htm  Yet another excellent example of a "study" that supplies no sources or refrences. Try contacting the VPC and asking them for reference materials or the raw data they used. They either don't respond (if you ask by e-mail or snail mail) or put you on hold and eventually hang up on you (if you call).   I have heard that if you actually show up at one of their offices and request the information, they take a lot more action. They advise you that you are on private property and threaten to have you arrested if you don't leave.  A study is supposed to include numbers, and they are supposed to tell you where those numbers came from. The closest they do to this is:  Arrest data is regularly accepted as a valid measure of crime, reflecting law enforcement response to criminal activity, and is used by agencies such as the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) for its Uniform Crime Reports (UCR).    Which argues what a valuable source of information arrest data is. It does not say where they got their arrest data, and does not even, in the entire article, claim that they actually USED arrest data in its formulation, They simply cite another article in order to "prove" their claims.  The other article they cite is one that THEY have written. It is a very long article, very well written, except for the exclusion of any references to the source material they used. They have a section entitled "Section Two: Details of Specific Arrest Incidents Involving Concealed Handgun License Holders" where they outline 11 individual cases. At the top it says:  Using outside resources, such as newspaper accounts, law enforcement reports, and public data on criminal records, the Violence Policy Center was able to obtain additional information on 11 of the 5,314 arrests reported by the DPS&#8212;10 for murder or attempted murder and one for aggravated kidnapping  This is a flimsy attempt to lend the report credibility. They say they used outside sources, but do not name them except in the vaugest of terms. If you contact them (and I ust hung up the phone) they "do not rememeber" specifically where they got the information.  In the coclusion, they ust bluff and bluster some more, and STILL do not list a single source. Didn't any of these people go to college? While they were there, didn't any of them learn to write a research paper?  As pointed out by gewehr44, the texas dept of public safety was so outraged by the lies in that report they went to the trouble of fashioning an official rebuttal.   VOR, be careful who you listen to. People who NEVER cite sources are rarely telling the truth.
VoR won't listen. Heck he won't even comment on the topic of this thread. I have asked him to discuss these "40 reasons" and all I get is called a "strawman argument"
I have spent years researching this topic, I gave a speech about it too. You can argue numbers as much as you want. It's number wars. Whose are accurate? You can debate back and forth forever. I would trust data straight from the FBI before I would trust a secondary source.  I prefer to argue mostly the logic and reasoning of it, then you don't need to bicker about whose numbers are better.  While I do consider numbers important, I think we can get much further debate-wise with a logic/reasoning style of debate on this issue.  When you create strict gun laws, only those that obey the law in the first place will act in accordance with the new law. Stricter gun laws mainly hurt the law-abiding people that use them responsibly for sport and protection.  Conceal and carry laws do NOT make it easier for criminals to carry guns. Anyone can carry a gun with the law, and nobody would know. Making it legal to carry a gun is not what the criminals are waiting for-it's what they are dreading-when civilians can protect themselves-when they are no longer defenseless.  Criminals do not obey the law. Basically, to criminals, there is no law, because they do what they want. So why should law-abiding citizens live with restrictive laws that interfere with thier ease of protection, while criminals have no restrictions?  Police are too slow and too few. You can't rely on the police to protect you, they can't be everywhere at once.  The police are not obligated to protect you, as ruled in (US supreme court?) (I think its called) Warren v. District of Columbia Metropolitan Police Department. The police have no obligation to protect individual citizens, but only the public as a whole.  When you ban guns, only the criminals have them. They wont magically disappear. Marijuana is illegal, look at how that has disappeared. Killing is already illegal, as is burglary, rape, assault, and vandalism. Just look at how those have all disappeared.  No matter what you do, the best defense against crime, is arming the victims. The police are too slow, the criminals have guns whether you do or not, and your life is the last thing that they are worried about.
I have spent years researching this topic, I gave a speech about it too. You can argue numbers as much as you want. It's number wars. Whose are accurate? You can debate back and forth forever. I would trust data straight from the FBI before I would trust a secondary source.  I prefer to argue mostly the logic and reasoning of it, then you don't need to bicker about whose numbers are better.  While I do consider numbers important, I think we can get much further debate-wise with a logic/reasoning style of debate on this issue.  When you create strict gun laws, only those that obey the law in the first place will act in accordance with the new law. Stricter gun laws mainly hurt the law-abiding people that use them responsibly for sport and protection.  Conceal and carry laws do NOT make it easier for criminals to carry guns. Anyone can carry a gun with the law, and nobody would know. Making it legal to carry a gun is not what the criminals are waiting for-it's what they are dreading-when civilians can protect themselves-when they are no longer defenseless.  Criminals do not obey the law. Basically, to criminals, there is no law, because they do what they want. So why should law-abiding citizens live with restrictive laws that interfere with thier ease of protection, while criminals have no restrictions?  Police are too slow and too few. You can't rely on the police to protect you, they can't be everywhere at once.  The police are not obligated to protect you, as ruled in (US supreme court?) (I think its called) Warren v. District of Columbia Metropolitan Police Department. The police have no obligation to protect individual citizens, but only the public as a whole.  When you ban guns, only the criminals have them. They wont magically disappear. Marijuana is illegal, look at how that has disappeared. Killing is already illegal, as is burglary, rape, assault, and vandalism. Just look at how those have all disappeared.  No matter what you do, the best defense against crime, is arming the victims. The police are too slow, the criminals have guns whether you do or not, and your life is the last thing that they are worried about.   Oh believe me we tried the logic bus but I am afraid they missed that bus when they got off the objectivity tree.... I find it amazing how these topics go in circles. Normally in my opinion when the liberals run out of excuses for thier beliefs...
That is the beauty of the pro-gun standpoint. We can argue based on logic, and we win. We can argue based on nambers, and we win. We can argue based on historical prescedent, and we win. It is the only issue that I am aware of where the facts, evidence, and logic are so unfairly stacked on one side.   For a while there were some interesting studies being tossed around by the Brady campaign but they were eventually all discredited. You will note that we no longer hear politicians quoting brady or handgun control inc for their statistics (actually, you don't hear them quote statistics very often, as they have learned that they do not support their cause). OF course, there will always be exceptions, like Feinstein, who ust HAD to get up and quote a buch of lies....er....uh......statistices the other day in support of extending the AWB. OF course, she got spanked pretty badly and was made to look like an absolute idiot and a liar (which we already knew).
The problem is that allowing people to legally carry concealed weapons makes it easier for criminals to carry guns around.    OK. Here's the thing. Allowing people to carry concealed weapons make it possible for NON-criminals to carry weapons. It allows people a better opportunity to defend themselves from armed criminals. If you view people that don't want to victimized as potential, or even probable, criminals, then you might as well just imprison the bulk of the population. Remember, hundreds of millions gunowners commited no crimes yesterday. Guns simply do not cause crime. If you view the common population as a threat to your wellbeing, then you, sir, are paranoid to the point which, perhaps you are better suited to seclusion than to society.
Post #48 and not once has a civil rights violator addressed any of th 40 points... I really am curious to understand your views...
I have laid down some conditions before I give up my guns. They are not going to happen. There is no way I see within my life, that the 2nd Amendment will be repealled. There is no way that the National Guard will become "militia-ized" in my life time.  If I may suggest to all; 'A repeal of the Second Amendment, alone, will not automatically exclude gun owners from owning firearms. The right to keep and bear arms preceeded the Constitution and Bill of Rights, therefore, it would take a Constitutional Amendment, in and of itself, to deny citizens that right. That is what will not happen, in my estimation.   The LIB DIM GGs will continue to incrementally impose restrictions and caveats on honest gun owners, collectively WE will continue to compromise with the buggers, until we are for all practical purposes, disarmed.   May I also suggest to firearms owners, to carefully edit from their rhetoric, any mention of them personally owning firearms. Who knows when these forums are being monitored?
The problem is that allowing people to legally carry concealed weapons makes it easier for criminals to carry guns around. And people with a concealed weapons permit are more likely to commit a crime. Florida and Texas have had a lot of problems.  Please furnish evidence of that. In Texas, there has been no more than a handful of crimes committed by CCW permit holders. One of the arguments before hand was the streets would run red with the blood of innocents and bystanders. Another was at any time, road rage would take ove rthe reason of people and many would be killed. Hasn't happened, me bucko.  [quote]"From 1996 to 2000, Texas concealed handgun license holders were arrested for weapon-related offenses at a rate 81 percent higher than that of the general population of Texas, aged 21 and older which amounts to more than one weapon-related offense every other day since the law went into effect." http://www.vpc.org/press/0206ltk.htm  Oh, the VPC is as honest as the Brady Campaign. Right. Are you the one that would not accept the GOA stats because they were progun? Sheeeesh.   "Concludes Glick, 'Florida's law has made it substantially easier for individuals with criminal records or criminal intent to go about armed. The findings in Concealed Carry: The Criminal's Companion demonstrate that Florida's concealed carry law is definitely a model one not to be followed.' " http://www.vpc.org/press/9511ccw.htm  Please find better sources. This is so boring.
What difference would that make? The BATFE (E for explosives, their power grows) already knows you own a firearm if you've ever had a NICS check. They're supposed to destroy the records, but who knows what they do? Might as well let it be known you have some personal experiance in this area. Gives you better grounds for debate than 'Joe Foreigner' who has never owned or possibly even seen a real firearm in person. Being part of the crowd and looking in from the outside make big differences when it comes to understanding.  Your call, of course.
"Concludes Glick, 'Florida's law has made it substantially easier for individuals with criminal records or criminal intent to go about armed. The findings in Concealed Carry: The Criminal's Companion demonstrate that Florida's concealed carry law is definitely a model one not to be followed.' " http://www.vpc.org/press/9511ccw.htm[/QUOTE]  Have you actually read Florida's CCW law? You have to submit fingerprints, go through an EXTENSIVE background check and prove your proficiency with a firearm as well as take a test on the law. How does this make it easier for criminals to carry a concealed firearm? :xbanghead
A question from my side about the "concealed-carry" thing: Are there any controls on the street from the police to ensure that really only people who did that check are carrying guns?   Besides metal detectors at sports events, some schools, no not really.. And yet blood is not running through the streets!   (55 posts and the antis have yet to adress the points of the topic!)
A question from my side about the "concealed-carry" thing: Are there any controls on the street from the police to ensure that really only people who did that check are carrying guns?  IF they find you with a gun, they can ask for your permit. That is about the only check in place. OF course, wihout concealed carry permits, you can be assured that EVERYBODY who is carrying a gun is doing so illegally. People have carried illegal concealed weapons for years. I have done it myself a few times. The idea is, it is CONCEALED, so nobody knows.
Pro-gunners please try to stay away from this thread. I would like to hear how anti-gunners take care of themselves.  An anti-gun girlfriend I once ran around with did not like me to take a .45 around town. Tough choice, my response was, "OK, the you if it ever comes down to it, you better run fast. I am going to run really really fast and you better keep up." The look on her face said it all. A combination of disdain, "you coward", and don't you love me? But her question was why don't you want to protect me? My response was, "If I stick around, then there will be two victims. Not one. I' ll be back as soon as possible and bring help."  If you carry a cell phone. Take karate lessons. What ever? There is something you do for protection. What do you do?
I use the powers of the sun and the moon, which I harness at...  No, just kidding.   I rely on the police.  Thank you for that insight.
   I rely on the police.    ^ This is the funny part!....  My answer: .45acp strapped to your hip... .05 seconds to respond to threat...  Crocidile Dundee's answer: Call the police... 1-30 seconds to get to the phone.... 1-3 seconds to dial police (if you have 911) 30 Seconds to 5 minutes to splain yourself..... 5-30-??? time for police to respond..  My analysys: Your dead!!!   Having the logic bus mow you down: PRICELESS!!     (sorry Kelvin... COuld not resist!)
  (sorry Kelvin... COuld not resist!)   I consider his reply very great insight on anti-gun attitude. Joke or not, serious or not. There is some truth in the answer.
I consider his reply very great insight on anti-gun attitude. Joke or not, serious or not. There is some truth in the answer.  Yeah the truth of battle.... He is dead... his childerend are dead...His wife is raped... And things are stolen..  Cops are there just in time to clean up the mess..   Hey Monty! Police are historians not protectors!   MOLON LABE!
Rev Hellbound  see the first post Quote: "Pro-gunners please try to stay away from this thread. I would like to hear how anti-gunners take care of themselves."   Do you recall on another thread you said I should make no comment on things going on in the USA?  Aren't you being a wee bit hypocritical now? (Butting in?)   No, of course not, you're opinions are so important, you're good enough to impart them, wherever and whenever they are needed.  This is a great service you are doing.  Go raibh mile maith agat, mo chara!   Monty Monty Monty...  Tá fáilte romhat!  Let me "drop some knowledge"   Don't get your panties all in a bunch! An dáiríre atá tú?... You can't be.... I never said that you should make no comment on anything.... I only said this was an American story not an Australian one... Which I see now I have to break this down into a simpler explaination. The fact that you won't consider the foundation of the constitution and the context in which it was written means that you are looking at our domestic issues through skewed australian eyes. The facts are there for you to read but you REFUSE to consider the very foundation that our constitution does not GRANT RIGHTS it RECOGNIZES that the RIGHT HAS ALWAYS EXISTED! That the Connstitution INCLUDING the second Amendment puts RESTRICTIONS ON THE GOVERNMENTS AND NOT THE PEOPLE. Furthermore these INALIENABLE RIGHTS are protected and safeguarded by our second amendment. Until you learn these fundamentals of US CONSTITUTIONAL LAW and consider these matters in that context you have no basis for rational argument on this subject matter whatsoever and subject your standing to a side show at best.  Finally, you are the one making these absurd demands that one not "but in" in a PUBLIC forum... If you want PRIVATE communications... then may I suggest you try E-MAIL   Until you figure yourself out.... Go n-ithe an cat thú, is go n-ithe an diabhal an cat! my Global Socialist friend....    BTW... Cò an caora sin còmhla riut a chunnaic mi an-raoir?    MOLON LABE!
  Tell me if you as a private citizen (with your guns) are allowed In State Schools? On Federal property - military reserves In court buildings? On National Parks? In public hospitals?  .  State Schools? That is still in debate. This the only challenge to the law thus far. Looks like we WILL have guns allowed on schools soon. http://www.jointogether.org/gv/news/summaries/reader/0,2061,561929,00.html  Reserve bases? They give you one when you walk through the gate. If your not allowed on the base, then and try to enter. Then you are in direct violation of the Constitution. Congress is given authority to raise and train a standing army. Part of that authority is to keep civilians OFF the base armed or not.  In court? That violates the V Amendment. The right to a fair trial. A non verbal message is sent to judge and jurry when armed citizens are in a court. That influences the judge and jurry. So it is not Constitutional to influence a judge and jurry. It is illegal. You can argue it is legal to bring your firearms into an EMPTY courthouse where there is no trial. It is most definately violates the right of accused to have firearms in a courthouse.  On National Parks? Ever hear of hunting?  In public hospitals. I do all the time.
  If no to any of these, then your rights have been abridged, and you've no case to quote the Constitution as an absolute, even in regards to governments.  Basically, you're wrong, wrong, wrong, and wrong.  Basically you point is based on violating one right to perserve another right. No one has no right to violate anothers rights. Your rights end when they violate another. That is the definition of a criminal. Someone who violates personal, civil, and property rights of another. In a trial, especially for high crimes, the accused has only one right left, a fair trial. The 5th Amendment is all an accused has left.  Your point is based on lawlessness, unethical, and criminal behavior.
  Basically, you're wrong, wrong, wrong, and wrong.  I am sure a felon who has spent the last 5 years in prison pumping iron and getting more violent all the time is no match for your cell phone.
I am sure a felon who has spent the last 5 years in prison pumping iron and getting more violent all the time is no match for your cell phone.  What have you done to that felon that he's after you?  I'm not in favour of gun legislation, but unless you're being chased by cops or someone else with a gun on a regular basis, it seems a little paranoid to be carrying one around.  Sidebar- Charlton Heston is racist XXXXX, and he has no tact going places where kids have just been killed to have pro-gun rallies.
Thank you for your apology. There you were implying I had no right to talk about America, I'm glad you've 're-invited' me into this debate.   Yes I apologize for your ignorance and your inability to 'get it'....     You say that the Constitution puts restrictions of the government, but not the people.  Tell me if you as a private citizen (with your guns) are allowed In State Schools? On Federal property - military reserves In court buildings? On National Parks? In public hospitals?  If no to any of these, then your rights have been abridged, and you've no case to quote the Constitution as an absolute, even in regards to governments.    This is the dumbest thing I ever heard! Yes our rights are being infringed. That does not mean I throw out the constitution or ANY of my rights because of it Or that the constitution is somehow null and void because some treasonous bastards are raping it for thier own political power.   Is your argument actually 'If the fedgov says so I should be a good sheep and abide by it'?  Look at your next go at weaving into your argument absolutes...    So, cavemen had the right to be free from lodging soldiers? (Amendment III)  That cavemen had the right to trial by jury, in cases involving more than $20.(Amendment VII)  How did cavemen vote for President? (Amendment XII)  You say that the constitution is just elaborating on rights that have always existed, then why the need to write them down?  If these rights always existed, then why can some constitutionally be added, then subtracted? (Amendment XVIII - Prohibition, then Amendment XXI - repealing Prohibition).  Obviously these rights are not absolute either, in that they haven't always existed. American rights come about by winning a war against Britain, and entering into a social compact with fellow like-minded citizens. With powers given to a central authority to protect these rights and rules.    ***YAWN*** You just don't get it do you? The rights of a freeman are just that... I should be able to do ANYTHING I WANT as long as I do not infringe on anyone else. (ninth amendmendt)...  The constitution (yet again) does not grant rights. It recognizes rights that have already existed.   And the constitution gives the state the right to defend itself! "The Congress shall have power to declare the punishment of treason, but no attainder of treason shall work corruption of blood, or forfeiture except during the life of the person attainted."   your point? I am talking about the bill of rights in the constitution as we are sposed to be specific to the second amendment. One of the true 'purposes' of government is the security of the state.    Furthermore, if the Constitution does not restrict people, then how do you account for it emplacing limits on the voting age? Or, who can run for US President?   Extremist logic. we have a representative republic not an anarchy...   Moreover, if the Constitution does not restrict people, then why are your rights to carry guns less of value than an airliner's right to forbid you to carry your guns onto an aeroplane? Who decided that the airliner had MORE right?   You don't follow threads very well do you? I have always said private industries and private businesses HAVE that right to refuse anyone for anything...   Basically, you're wrong, wrong, wrong, and wrong.    When one lacks the substance of facts and knowledge one tends to drop into this type of hollow statment.   If I am so wrong, socialist, then MOLON LABE!
 Sidebar- Charlton Heston is racist XXXXX, and he has no tact going places where kids have just been killed to have pro-gun rallies.    Oh we are calling people names? Your a sheep who absorbs all the media lies and dribble that comes your way. You are only 'free' because you 'are made and kept so by better men than yourself'.  You obviously watched and believe that scumbag liar michelle moore.  You condem Heston but not the killers at Columbine? HYPOCRACY   The Moore the Scarier
What have you done to that felon that he's after you?  I'm not in favour of gun legislation, but unless you're being chased by cops or someone else with a gun on a regular basis, it seems a little paranoid to be carrying one around.  .  I carry a gun for the same reason I wear a seat belt and have medical insurance, just incase I have a collision or get sick.  I can respect an opinion. I can not respect the attitude that someone will do nothing to prepare for criminal attacks. Assaults happen every day, just like car accidents.
  My understanding was that the 2nd Amendment is waved around as an absolute. SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED seems pretty plain. .  YOU and I have been through this before. You are trying to make your point by violating civil rights. The right to bear arms is absolute. Your rights end when you are inviolation of anothers rights. That goes for all rights. The 2nd Amend right is no exception.   Courthouses? You know very well what non verbal message a gun in a courthouse sends. Violation of 5th Amendment.  Hunting on federal land? I just ate an animal last month that a neighbor took an federal land.  The hospital? Ever get sick at night? Perfect place for a mugging, in a hospital parking lot. Where victims are sick or infirm.  Jail? I will never be in a jail, unless cops have completely taken away my rights. Isn't that the whole point of jail, to take away your rights? Once your in jail your under Due Process. Your in the process of having your rights removed.  Polls? You and I have been through this before already.
Do The SNiVeL:  Step 1: "S" is for Safe - Assume a safe, fetal position, preferably under a table or other cover.   Step 2: "N" & "V" are for Non-Violent - Remember, remain non-violent. Moves that could be interpreted as 'self-defense' may only serve to further provoke your assailant. Offer no resistance.   Step 3: "L" is for Limp - Remain limp while begging and groveling for your life!!! This is no time for pride or courage, so cry like a girl, you fool!!! This will always serve you better than a firearm, which would only inject more violence into the situation. Finally, stay limp until your assailant has finished beating you like a rented mule. He will eventually tire from pummeling you mercilessly and choose to move on to a more entertaining endeavor, such as beating your spouse and/or children.    http://www.guncontrolalliance.org/snivel.htm
But you do infringe on other people, or you would, except that the government keeps you from taking guns to court etc.   How do I infringe on anyones rights? How are YOU attempting to infringe on anyones rights?   If your rights are being infringed by the government, the majority of Americans seem to have accepted it. As it is pretty much a democracy, then it is the right of the people to waive their own rights.  We are a representative republic. Pure democracy is mob rule. And you are wrong.   If they have always existed, then you're the one who hasn't 'got it' when I used my caveman analogy. What freeman rights did they have? Please explain how the Constitution has protected rights that have ALWAYS existed - they're your words. How long ago did people have the right to a fair trial for matters over $20.00?  Again you're caught out using silly absolutes.    You sir, are a XXXXX. You have this one line argument that is lacking at best. Either you are too stupid to understand me or your just being an A$$. You are being 'absolute' in the most pitiful attempt to corner me into your dis-logic. The rights in the Constitution recognize SOME of the rights of freemen.    I won't try to explain it to you yet again as an explaination is not what you are looking for.  I will let FINDLAW do it for me.... Argue with this:  NINTH AMENDMENT  The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people   "Rights Retained by the People   Aside from contending that a bill of rights was unnecessary, the Federalists responded to those opposing ratification of the Constitution because of the lack of a declaration of fundamental rights by arguing that inasmuch as it would be impossible to list all rights it would be dangerous to list some because there would be those who would seize on the absence of the omitted rights to assert that government was unrestrained as to those. 1 Madison adverted to this argument in presenting his proposed amendments to the House of Representatives. ''It has been objected also against a bill of rights, that, by enumerating particular exceptions to the grant of power, it would disparage those rights which were not placed in that enumeration; and it might follow by implication, that those rights which were not singled out, were intended to be assigned into the hands of the General Government, and were consequently insecure. This is one of the most plausible arguments I have ever heard against the admission of a bill of rights into this system; but, I conceive, that it may be guarded against. I have attempted it, as gentlemen may see by turning to the last clause of the fourth resolution.'' 2 It is clear from its text and from Madison's statement that the Amendment states but a rule of construction, making clear that a Bill of Rights might not by implication be taken to increase the powers of the national government in areas not enumerated, and that it does not contain within itself any guarantee of a right or a proscription of an infringement. 3 Recently, however, the Amendment has been construed to be positive affirmation of the existence of rights which are not enumerated but which are nonetheless protected by other provisions.    The Ninth Amendment had been mentioned infrequently in decisions of the Supreme Court 4 until it became the subject of some exegesis by several of the Justices in Griswold v. Connecticut. 5 There a statute prohibiting use of contraceptives was voided as an infringement of the right of marital privacy. Justice Douglas, writing the opinion of the Court, asserted that the ''specific guarantees in the Bill of Rights have penumbras, formed by emanations from those guarantees that help give them life and substance.'' 6 Thus, while privacy is nowhere mentioned, it is one of the values served and protected by the First Amendment, through its protection of associational rights, and by the Third, the Fourth, and the Fifth Amendments as well. The Justice recurred to the text of the Ninth Amendment, apparently to support the thought that these penumbral rights are protected by one Amendment or a complex of Amendments despite the absence of a specific reference. Justice Goldberg, concurring, devoted several pages to the Amendment.    ''The language and history of the Ninth Amendment reveal that the Framers of the Constitution believed that there are additional fundamental rights, protected from governmental infringement, which exist alongside those fundamental rights specifically mentioned in the first eight constitutional amendments. . . . To hold that a right so basic and fundamental and so deep-rooted in our society as the right of privacy in marriage may be infringed because that right is not guaranteed in so many words by the first eight amendments to the Constitution is to ignore the Ninth Amendment and to give it no effect whatsoever. Moreover, a judicial construction that this fundamental right is not protected by the Constitution because it is not mentioned in explicit terms by one of the first eight amendments or elsewhere in the Constitution would violate the Ninth Amendment. . . . Nor do I mean to state that the Ninth Amendment constitutes an independent source of right protected from infringement by either the States or the Federal Government. Rather, the Ninth Amendment shows a belief of the Constitution's authors that fundamental rights exist that are not expressly enumerated in the first eight amendments and an intent that the list of rights included there not be deemed exhaustive.'' 7 While, therefore, neither opinion sought to make of the Ninth Amendment a substantive source of constitutional guarantees, both did read it as indicating a function of the courts to interpose a veto with regard to legislative and executive efforts to abridge other fundamental rights. In this case, both opinions seemed to concur that the fundamental right claimed and upheld was derivative of several express rights and in this case, really, the Ninth Amendment added almost nothing to the argument. But if there is a claim of a fundamental right which cannot reasonably be derived from one of the provisions of the Bill of Rights, even with the Ninth Amendment, how is the Court to determine, first, that it is fundamental, and second, that it is protected from abridgment? 8 "    Also:  "(1) The Second Amendment to the U.S. Constitution does not establish the right to keep and bear arms. None of the provisions of the Constitution establish any "natural" rights. They recognize such rights, but the repeal of such provisions would not end such rights. Such rights were considered by many of the Framers as obvious or "self-evident", but they were immersed in the prevailing republican thought of the day, as expressed in the writings of Locke, Montesquieu, Rousseau, Madison, Hamilton, and others, which discussed "natural rights" in some detail. Others argued that at least some of the rights needed to be made explicit in the Bill of Rights to avoid having future generations with less understanding of republican theory weaken in their defense of those rights. That has turned out to have been a good idea"  Legal Theory of the Right to Keep and Bear Arms  I have done the research for you.    American law stems from English Common Law. Show me (from your extensive historical knowledge) where the right to bear arms was guaranteed by English Common Law - or was this a 'right' that they never wrote down?  Are you that lazy.... FInd it yourself... heres a taste from the above link:  "(2) The right to keep and bear arms is a natural right of individuals under the theory of democratic government. This was clearly the understanding and intent of the Framers of the U.S. Constitution and was a long-established principle of English common law at the time the Constitution was adopted, which is considered to be a part of constitutional law for purposes of interpreting the written Constitution."    Exactly, and if it's an insecure state because a lot of people are carrying a lot of guns (because they fear the state) then the state has the right to protect itself.   You trust government more than you trust people. I trust the people more than I trust governments. This century alone governments have been responsible for over 170 MILLION deaths. How many have "the people" been responsible for...   If it's in the best interest of the state to legislate, and you agree to this, then you've got no cause to be angry with them if they want to take guns off people!  Circular logic not worth commenting on.    I did understand this. You don't understand that your statement makes no sense. Why are you prepared to have your rights infringed by big business, but not by the government. It's absurd.  Look you communist. Private businesses are PRIVATE. Just like I would not let you into my house at my discretion I would not let you into my business at my discrestion. Airlines are the same thing, resteraunts are the same thing. How many times does this simple concept need explaining to you? I have a CHOICE as to whether I patronize those businesses.    In fact you don't quite understand what you are saying... first it's an absolute right, that you've always had, then it's an absolute right that can be waived by big business, then also by the government (see Government Schools example on other post).  Its an abolute right that is being infringed by power hungry tyrants and I am involved in the fight to restore those rights.    You are in the end, a jingoist. Someone presses a button and you shout "My God given rights!"     hah hah hah! maybe... But you got to consider. I have a purpose, I have the will, I have the support, and I have those pesky unalienable rights on my side... Oh and one more thing I am armed and trained. You are not...
  If they have always existed, then you're the one who hasn't 'got it' when I used my caveman analogy. What freeman rights did they have? Please explain how the Constitution has protected rights that have ALWAYS existed - they're your words. How long ago did people have the right to a fair trial for matters over $20.00?  Again you're caught out using silly absolutes. .  Your sheep. You do not get our Constitution and our freedom. Your applying your notions of freedom on us.  "I rely on the police." Your sheep and do not even know it.
He has no tact holding a required-by-law meeting in a location that was decided upon long before Columbine ?  Nope. Not for an organization whose sole purpose is to advocate for gun owners, when the kids had been shot. Cancel it. Move it. The guy's got enough cash, he can book another location. When you say "required by law" you make it sound like they would get arrested if they didn't do it. I think that's a bit misleading.  If I worked for a dog-breeding convention, and we were booked to have a meeting in an area where children had been massacred by a pack of torture-trained dogs, I would change the plan. Out of simple respect.  I carry a gun for the same reason I wear a seat belt and have medical insurance, just incase I have a collision or get sick.  I can respect an opinion. I can not respect the attitude that someone will do nothing to prepare for criminal attacks. Assaults happen every day, just like car accidents.  I don't know if a seat belt is a good analogy as far as I'm concerned. More like wearing a helmet and full body protection every time you walk down the street.  I don't think the state should legislate whether you can carry a gun, but I think for most people carrying a gun all the time is over-self-protective.  Oh we are calling people names? Your a sheep who absorbs all the media lies and dribble that comes your way. You are only 'free' because you 'are made and kept so by better men than yourself'.  You obviously watched and believe that scumbag liar michelle moore.  You condem Heston but not the killers at Columbine? HYPOCRACY  I don't need a translator to understand the statement that "ethnics" are the cause of violence in the US. I doubt any amount of "media lies and dribble" (sic) or "scumbag liars" could distort that information.  I didn't talk about the killers at Columbine, so you have no idea how I feel about them.  As for the mysterious people so graciously making and leeping me free, you can tell them to get a real job, because they suck at this one.  On gun control in general-  "Gun control in the US has always been directed primarily at minorities, especially blacks. Until fairly recently (1950s forward and even then spotty), black-on-black crime wasn't taken seriously at all; so long as no white bodies turned up, racist inner-city cops didn't care. The actual police slang term for violence in the black areas of town circa 1890 to well into the 20th century was "just another niggertown Saturday night" which is where the gun-banners get the term "Saturday night special" for low-end handguns. NOT an accident, that.  While gun control laws appeared to be written in a race-neutral fashion after the passage of the 14th Amendment of 1868, the reality was different. As Justice Buford of the Florida Supreme Court noted in a 1941 case involving a white guy *freed* despite packing without a carry permit put it:   "I know something of the history of this legislation. The original Act of 1893 was passed when there was a great influx of negro laborers in this State drawn here for the purpose of working in turpentine and lumber camps. The same condition existed when the Act was amended in 1901 and the Act was passed for the purpose of disarming the negro laborers and to thereby reduce the unlawful homicides that were prevalent in turpentine and saw-mill camps and to give the white citizens in sparsely settled areas a better feeling of security. The statute was never intended to be applied to the white population and in practice has never been so applied." Watson v. Stone, 4 So.2d 700, 703 (Fla. 1941) from Clayton Cramer's Racist Roots Of Gun Control:   (Note: Buford partially lied. What happened in 1893 was that a Klan raiding party tried to hit a black township just outside of Gainsville. The "brothas" shot the bejeezus out of 'em with leverguns and revolvers (yea!). Guess which guns were specifically targeted for permits in Florida in 1893? Yup. Leverguns and revolvers.)  So here's what's happening today: the cities with the highest black populations also have the heaviest gun control: New York, Boston, Washington DC, Chicago, Los Angeles and similar, and until very recently (2001) Detroit. The cities with the least gun control such as Dallas, Seattle, Portland OR and similar have the lowest minority populations."  quoted from Jim Marsh
Nope. Not for an organization whose sole purpose is to advocate for gun owners, when the kids had been shot. Cancel it. Move it. The guy's got enough cash, he can book another location. When you say "required by law" you make it sound like they would get arrested if they didn't do it. I think that's a bit misleading.  If I worked for a dog-breeding convention, and we were booked to have a meeting in an area where children had been massacred by a pack of torture-trained dogs, I would change the plan. Out of simple respect.   If you bred poodles you would cancel over something that was committed by the causes of criminals? You got to come out of that 'gun owners are criminals mentality!' If you are a gun owner be proud. repeat after me "I am not a criminal because I choose to exercise my second amendment rights". The criminals are criminals and those who wish to violate you rights are treasonous criminals. Had he cancelled it would have been tatamount to admission that 'guns are the cause' This is most important to consider.    I don't know if a seat belt is a good analogy as far as I'm concerned. More like wearing a helmet and full body protection every time you walk down the street.  I don't think the state should legislate whether you can carry a gun, but I think for most people carrying a gun all the time is over-self-protective.   I agree but it is THIER RIGHT which is recognized by the second amendment.    I don't need a translator to understand the statement that "ethnics" are the cause of violence in the US. I doubt any amount of "media lies and dribble" (sic) or "scumbag liars" could distort that information.  I didn't talk about the killers at Columbine, so you have no idea how I feel about them.  As for the mysterious people so graciously making and leeping me free, you can tell them to get a real job, because they suck at this one.   Perhaps I don't. But the reference which comes from XXXXXX who believe michelle moore the traitor usually spout this nonsense about Heston cancelling that meeting. Perhaps (from your last post as I will address below, I misread you somewhat... Who knows we will see. If so accept my apologies for my harsh words... If not well....)   On gun control in general-  "Gun control in the US has always been directed primarily at minorities, especially blacks. Until fairly recently (1950s forward and even then spotty), black-on-black crime wasn't taken seriously at all; so long as no white bodies turned up, racist inner-city cops didn't care. The actual police slang term for violence in the black areas of town circa 1890 to well into the 20th century was "just another niggertown Saturday night" which is where the gun-banners get the term "Saturday night special" for low-end handguns. NOT an accident, that.  While gun control laws appeared to be written in a race-neutral fashion after the passage of the 14th Amendment of 1868, the reality was different. As Justice Buford of the Florida Supreme Court noted in a 1941 case involving a white guy *freed* despite packing without a carry permit put it:   "I know something of the history of this legislation. The original Act of 1893 was passed when there was a great influx of negro laborers in this State drawn here for the purpose of working in turpentine and lumber camps. The same condition existed when the Act was amended in 1901 and the Act was passed for the purpose of disarming the negro laborers and to thereby reduce the unlawful homicides that were prevalent in turpentine and saw-mill camps and to give the white citizens in sparsely settled areas a better feeling of security. The statute was never intended to be applied to the white population and in practice has never been so applied." Watson v. Stone, 4 So.2d 700, 703 (Fla. 1941) from Clayton Cramer's Racist Roots Of Gun Control:   (Note: Buford partially lied. What happened in 1893 was that a Klan raiding party tried to hit a black township just outside of Gainsville. The "brothas" shot the bejeezus out of 'em with leverguns and revolvers (yea!). Guess which guns were specifically targeted for permits in Florida in 1893? Yup. Leverguns and revolvers.)  So here's what's happening today: the cities with the highest black populations also have the heaviest gun control: New York, Boston, Washington DC, Chicago, Los Angeles and similar, and until very recently (2001) Detroit. The cities with the least gun control such as Dallas, Seattle, Portland OR and similar have the lowest minority populations."  quoted from Jim Marsh    I seem to HAVE misread you..... Perhaps you see my point too on not accepting that gun owners and criminals who use guns are one in the same. Like that traitor Bloomberg who on 770wabc radio proclaimed that gun manufacturers were no different that drug dealers.   The racist origins of gun control laws are well known by those who seek the truth.... The liberals, the media like to ignore that....   MOLON LABE!
Nope. Not for an organization whose sole purpose is to advocate for gun owners, when the kids had been shot. Cancel it. Move it. The guy's got enough cash, he can book another location. When you say "required by law" you make it sound like they would get arrested if they didn't do it. I think that's a bit misleading.   Then the NRA leadership would be guilty of fraud, embezzlement, and misappropriation of funds if it was completely and totally cancelled.  The NRA did cancel every event that was legally allowed for them to cancel.  Cash is a finite resource.
Just a quick comment. US history has a lot of racism in it. The second amendment itself has racist origins. The southern states wanted the second amendment included in the constitution because they had large populations of blacks and they thought that an armed militia was an important protection against the possibility of a slave rebellion.   An 99 page article published in the U.C. Davis Law Review entitled the "The Hidden History of the Second Amendment" goes into detail about this. 31 UC Davis Law Review 309 (1998).    Your '1984' tag line is most apropriate. This newspeak article that you did not link to is just another attempt to rewrite history. Where in the second amendment does it say "white people", where in the US code does it define "able bodied men" as white and ONLY white people can be in the militia? Just because they put "law review" at the end of thier name does not give them ANY standing in my book. It fails the logic test:  What is Racist? "The right of the people"... Or the fact that the heaviest populations of minorities have the greatest gun control?
At best this means you better hand in your glock! Notice the words 'as allowed by law' hardly shows a long standing principle of a natural right - unless you argue that it's always been infringed upon... and why not? We can't have every loony carrying guns around, if we did, gun related homicides would sky-rocket. Ooops, that's what's happening in America isn't it!  This interpretation of a 'natural right' suggests you don't need a gun for your own safety, as you seem to believe.  So, the state has always legislated and defined this right. That's what states are for - a referee or umpire to settle disputes in law. Further for the good of the people, the people have handed power over to the state. You might want to read Hobbes on this.   I cut out most of your garbage... 1st I do not own a glock... but whatever... MOLON LABE! And homicides are NOT skyrocketing unlike your countries RAPE rates. Rapists are cowards who prefer unarmed victims and your gun confiscation program is opening the door to rapists and other violent criminals who SUPRISE are not following the law!. If you disagree with this assesment you are free to do the research as I am not being paid to educate you.    You reference british law. Which is a start in the right direction... However the Americans took that sort of thing and went one step further and said that people are free and the 'GOVERNMENT ONLY GOVERNS AT THE CONSENT OF THE GOVERNED' now this sounds like support for democracy... It is but it isnt... Remember that liberty is a 'well armed lamb contesting the vote' between 2 wolves and a lamb? Freemen are free and if for some reason the majority outlaws shirts in the winter in Montana then I would bet most would ignore it EVEN IF THE MAJORITY SUPPORTED it. That is the beuty of this 'more perfect union'
  The government has rights too! It can even take you to court  Maybe your government does.   Our government has none. It has only authority.
We can't have every loony carrying guns around, if we did, gun related homicides would sky-rocket. Ooops, that's what's happening in America isn't it!  .  Who do you define as looney?   I train every week. I put an excess of 3000 rounds down range every year with a handgun alone. Most street cops will only put less than 10% of than down range in a year just to qualify. On a police qualification, I score in the top 10%. By what rationale do you use to take my guns away or call me looney?  I know what you mean by looney. You mean eveyone.
  Natural rights don't exist at all. .  Can I use that in my signature?  " I have a "right" to kill you if you get in my way, but you have an equal "right" to kill me. If I am stronger and I succeed" - Jonathan Wallace  I do not live by that rule, so do millions of other decent gun owners.  But felons on parole do.
Kelvin,  Its:   "They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -BF
Well i don't have to worry that much about gun crime as it does't happen that much in the U.K as there are strict rules that means you have to have a gun lisence that is very hard to get hold of and you can't use a gun in self defense. one case in england a farmer shoot a burgular in the leg and was sent to prison. also a guy got shoot when a toy gun was mistaken for a real gun, so the police force r a bit too efficiant   yes see the topic on that subject... in UK the canary is dead.... "burguler rights", sending a man to prison for protecting his family is tyrannical. you live in scary times dood!  see my view on this at Vision of the Anti-Constitutionalists future!    Do you really feel safe?
What have you done to that felon that he's after you?  I'm not in favour of gun legislation, but unless you're being chased by cops or someone else with a gun on a regular basis, it seems a little paranoid to be carrying one around.  Sidebar- Charlton Heston is racist XXXXX, and he has no tact going places where kids have just been killed to have pro-gun rallies.  Is it being paranoid when you purchase home insurance?   Is it being paranoid when you purchase car insurance?  Is it being paranoid when you purchase when you purchase life insurance?  I am pretty sure most of the people have at least one of these insurance plans. Are these people being paranoid?   It is interesting how gun haters consider a person defending themself by exercising the right to bear arms paranoid, while people buying insurance are not considered paranoid.  As for your attack on Heston and the NRA. That event was planned a year in advance! Hey gun hater do they cancel car shows when there is a crime committed with a car killing people in the area as the event? Just curious if gun haters apply their logic to the events they like.  And once again people take notice of this gun hater, like others gun haters this one cannot make a remark about a person that defends the right to bear arms without using insulting words. It appears all gun haters have this characteristic!
And once again people take notice of this gun hater, like others gun haters this one cannot make a remark about a person that defends the right to bear arms without using insulting words.  This is funny. You didn't read my post at all, did you? I clearly stated that I am not in favour of gun control laws. I am never in favour of increased state power, expecially in terms of fire power or police power.  Just because I think some people's reasons for not wanting gun control, as well as their methods for getting their point across, are stupid and racist, doesn't mean I am a "gun hater".  Some of my biggest heroes argue/d for armed citizenry. Malcolm X, the Black Panthers, the Zapatistas, I could go on.  Gun control was never intended for white people. Originally it was only applied to people of colour, in particular people of African descent, as court documents and precedant show.  That doesn't make Heston less of a bigoted idiot, not does it make the NRA a good organization. Sorry, nice try, but you can't silence dissent by lumping dissenters into your handy "them" category.
I dont walk at night, and I am friends with neighbors that watch out for me.  Please explain: "I dont walk at night"?  Does that mean you never out at night? I really feel sorry for you if you do? There is the opera, theatre, dances, concerts, and so much more away from home at night. Seems a shame to be denied that by people who are criminals.  Or  You go out at night, but don't realize:  1) walking out between buildings your a target 2) walking between the parked cars you can be ambushed 3) stopping at a red light your a parked target (which has happened to me)  I am sorry to say, but your friends are USELESS. If your life is in danger, ask yourself, are they really that close to you that they will trade thier life to save yours? Do your neighbors have children? Will that father risk his life so his children will grow up without a father?
The very first and must supreme rule for fist responders arriving at a dangerous situation is: "Never enter a dangerous area so you become a victim yourself." How does your neighbor stop a felon just out of prison? Without becomming a victim too?  Personally I will never come to the aid of my neighbors under attack. Unless you know the whole situtation you can not tell who is good and who is bad. For all you know that stranger is the one being attacked by your neighbor. It has happened. Neighbors have come to aid of neighbors only to realize they were really helping the bad guys. Until you really know your neighbors like intimate family, or were witness to the attack from the very beginning, you can not tell the good guys from the bad. That is why I will never help my neighbors under attack. I will call the cops and let them sort it out.
I dont walk at night, and I am friends with neighbors that watch out for me.   Is this Happy from the anehiem board?!?!?
Your 'right' to carry a gun is NOT for your own personal protection from felons!  Your courts and your founders have continually argued that you need to be armed to defend your country!  Hence 'militia'.  Even though this argument itself displays a patent paranoia on behalf of US citizens - who are terribly afraid of their own government.  Name calling of Mizmaxx actually demonstrates that you don't have an argument.  By the way, if you need a gun to feel secure, then wouldn't you feel more secure with grenades and chemical weapons - these are probably even more effective. What about land mines around your house. Now surely that would deter burglars!   By the way, I'm going to be pedantic here... you can't buy life insurance. You can only buy life assurance. Anyone who calls it 'life insurance' doesn't know proper English usage because death is assured!   There is no requirement in the 2nd amend to be in a militia to bear arms! If you can find one in the 27 words in the 2nd amend please show us. Do not read into the 2nd amend what you want it to say. Just read the 27 words of the 2nd amend and show us where it defends what you claim.  Now of course the gun haters will chant the well regulated militia part of the 2nd amend. Ok it does say that. So if the gun haters are going to use this chant please show us the regulation, law or edit defending the gun haters claim!   By the way gun haters if you are going to use the militia part of the 2nd amend to defend your claim. Gun haters may want to stop and think about this for a minute or two. Why do I say this? Simple if gun haters want people defending the right to bear arms to be in militias, why would you want the militias to have lesser weapons then the enemies they are defending against?   Once again we get the gun hater use of the word "paranoia".  The gun haters are the people demanding that all people be treated as criminals to make America safe. This is paranoia!   Gun haters civilization can be compared to a prison where all movement will be monitored through check points to try and prevent a crime. Once again this is paranoia!  Oh and here is the definition of life insurance: Main Entry: life insurance Function: noun Date: 1809 : insurance providing for payment of a stipulated sum to a designated beneficiary upon death of the insured   Once again we see an attempt to vilify any person defending their rights! Typical hate group member tactics!
Rev. HellH0und, you asked me if i felt safe well i do, i live in a small village community where everyone looks out for one another. if theres any one acting strange we take down details and call the police.  i don't really like guns that much and i beleive that fact about your more likely to shoot someone else other then a burgular cos my friends mum was cleaning one of thier guns they use for hunting and accidently shoot her self in the head cos she didn't know it was loaded.   Which is statistically inaccurate. Gun Owners of America Has a fact sheet that is well backed up that will demonstrate you are wrong.   As for your "mums" friend. I will be honest with you. I do not believe you. But for arguments sake why would the idiotic behavior of one individual doom the rest of mankind to tyranny? Rule #1 Treat all guns as loaded.    So you agree that Tony Martin should be in prison while his burgular is set free?
Rev. HellH0und, you asked me if i felt safe well i do, i live in a small village community where everyone looks out for one another. if theres any one acting strange we take down details and call the police.  i don't really like guns that much and i beleive that fact about your more likely to shoot someone else other then a burgular cos my friends mum was cleaning one of thier guns they use for hunting and accidently shoot her self in the head cos she didn't know it was loaded.  First off I am really horrified and sad by your tragedy. Witness first hand what a firearm can do to a large animal, I could not imagine doing the same to a human being.  You are right that firearms are extremely dangerous to the owners and owners families, but that decision to keep firearms for protection is a very personal decision.  I have weighed the odds to myself and my family. The risk without them is greater than the risk with them. When men are really free, then they decide their own destiny for good or bad, because it is the free man that will live with the consquences.
  also i'm 14 though i go to a grammar school i still have no idea what tyranny means please tell me.  Please seach the internet for "taliban". Life under the taliban is textbook tyranny carried to an extreme.
Why hold the gun for 3 days when:  1) The check is instant. 2) If I pass, then everyone knows I am harmless.  You have nothing to fear from harmless people. If you do and that is how you justify it, then your fear is irrational.
In general, I don't think I'd be safer if I owned a gun. Just the opposite.  "After controlling for these characteristics, we found that keeping a gun in the home was strongly and independently associated with an increased risk of homicide (adjusted odds ratio, 2.7; 95 percent confidence interval, 1.6 to 4.4). Virtually all of this risk involved homicide by a family member or intimate acquaintance.... Rather than confer protection, guns kept in the home are associated with an increase in the risk of homicide by a family member or intimate acquaintance." http://content.nejm.org/cgi/content/short/329/15/1084    Once Again your Propaganda is wrong.. At least your honest enough to admit your lack of self control and/or dexterity that you feel you are not capable of safley handling a firearm.   GOA Fact Sheet  A. Myth #1: If one has a gun in the home, one is three times more likely to be killed than if there is no gun present.   1. Dr. Edgar Suter has pointed out that studies which make such claims are flawed because they fail to consider the number of lives saved by guns. That is, such claims ignore the vast number of non-lethal defensive uses with firearms.128    2. Criminologists have found that citizens use firearms as often as 2.5 million times every year in self-defense. In over 90% of these defensive uses, citizens merely brandish their gun or fire a warning shot to scare off the attacker.129     * Guns used 2.5 million times a year in self-defense. Law-abiding citizens use guns to defend themselves against criminals as many as 2.5 million times every year -- or about 6,850 times a day.1 This means that each year, firearms are used more than 60 times more often to protect the lives of honest citizens than to take lives.2   * Anti-gun Clinton researchers find an annual total of 1.5 million self-defense cases. According to the Clinton Justice Department, there are as many as 1.5 million cases of self-defense every year. The National Institute of Justice published this figure in 1997 as part of "Guns in America" -- a study which was authored by noted anti-gun criminologists Philip Cook and Jens Ludwig.3   * Concealed carry laws have dropped murder and crime rates in the states that have enacted them. According to a comprehensive study which studied crime statistics in all of the counties in the United States from 1977 to 1992, states which passed concealed carry laws reduced their murder rate by 8.5%, rapes by 5%, aggravated assaults by 7% and robbery by 3%.4   * Anti-gun journal pronounces the failure of the Brady law. One of the nation's leading anti-gun medical publications, the Journal of the American Medical Association, found that the Brady registration law has failed to reduce murder rates. In August 2000, JAMA reported that states implementing waiting periods and background checks did "not [experience] reductions in homicide rates or overall suicide rates."5   * More children are killed playing football in school than they are by guns. That's right. Despite what media coverage might seem to indicate, more children die playing high school football, than they do by firearms at school. The most recent year on record shows that 18 football players died during the school year ending in June, 2000 (from hits to the head, heat stroke, etc.), as compared with 9 students by firearms.6
In general, I don't think I'd be safer if I owned a gun. Just the opposite.  "After controlling for these characteristics, we found that keeping a gun in the home was strongly and independently associated with an increased risk of homicide (adjusted odds ratio, 2.7; 95 percent confidence interval, 1.6 to 4.4). Virtually all of this risk involved homicide by a family member or intimate acquaintance.... Rather than confer protection, guns kept in the home are associated with an increase in the risk of homicide by a family member or intimate acquaintance." http://content.nejm.org/cgi/content/short/329/15/1084    From propagandist article:  "Conclusions The use of illicit drugs and a history of physical fights in the home are important risk factors for homicide in the home. Rather than confer protection, guns kept in the home are associated with an increase in the risk of homicide by a family member or intimate acquaintance. "    Either these XXXXXX look down thier noses at the "commoner" and think its a world of wife beating heroin users or You are applying a study OF wife beating heroin users to the people as a whole.   I would agree though that in a home of wife beating HEROIN USERSs a gun COULD more likley be used to commit a homicide. However this study skips a lot of facts... The Lautenberg law: restraining order or a domestic violence charge your weapons are siezed whether you are guilty or innocent. These wife beating heroin users would probably have a history of this and therefore would not be able to have a gun. Most gun owners, MOST PEOPLE are not WIFE BEATING HEROIN USERS!   "Also, case households more commonly contained an illicit-drug user, a person with prior arrests, or someone who had been hit or hurt in a fight in the home. After controlling for these characteristics, we found that keeping a gun in the home was strongly and independently associated with an increased risk of homicide (adjusted odds ratio, 2.7; 95 percent confidence interval, 1.6 to 4.4). Virtually all of this risk involved homicide by a family member or intimate acquaintance. "    With the double speak! They "controlled for illicit-drug user, a person with prior arrests, or someone who had been hit or hurt in a fight in the home." then in the VERY SAME SENTENCE THEY CLAIM "keeping a gun in the home was strongly and independently associated with an increased risk of homicide"   WHAT NONSENSE!
hmm believe what you like i didn't believe at first, so i said stop joking around and my friend burst in to tears. i have never felt so guilty in my life. and i can't be asked to read Gun Owners of America, you told me that it would prove that i'm wrong so i'll take your word for it. if it was anything else that i had a definite stand against or for i'd wouldn't though, so deem ur self lucky  also i'm 14 though i go to a grammar school i still have no idea what tyranny means please tell me.   Yes you can be asked. You should find out the truth. The very fact that you are here means you are searching for answers. My advice, Don't find things that support your views read everything with an open mind... Otherwise you are sheep.
They totally got their studies mixed up. The study that I cited is not concerned with lethal defensive uses of guns. That's another study that Kellerman did which compared the number of criminals shot in self defense to the number of other gun deaths in the home.    The best study on defensive guns uses, which surveyed about 50,000 people, concluded that there are less than 100,000 defensive gun uses each year. http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/pub/press/hvfsdaft.pr Kleck surveyed about 5,000 people to reach his 2.5 million figure.    How do you know that the drop in crime was because of concealed carry laws? Areas that don't allow people to carry concealed weapons also have experienced drops in crime. Consider Washington DC for example. In 1995 there were 12,173.5 crimes per 100,000 in DC (page 65) http://www.fbi.gov/ucr/Cius_97/95CRIME/95crime2.pdf In 2001 there were 7,709.6 crimes per 100,000 in DC  (page 77) http://www.fbi.gov/ucr/cius_01/01crime2.pdf That's a 36% drop in crime.   Do you believe everthing you read on that website without reservation? I could easily go to the VPC or the Brady website and post tons of statistics here, but I don't think people would find that very convincing.   Gun haters try to use this lie to justify a ban on the right to bear arms! Why is it gun haters never say if you own a car, swimming pool, bike, boat, baseball bat, hammer, kitchen knives, screw drivers, or hand tools your chances of injury or death from these items go up! If you own anything the chances of injury from it raises. This logic is a little to hard for gun haters to comprehend!  Now the gun haters that do not believe the 2.5 million lives a year saved by guns. So the gun haters claim it is only 100,000 lives saved by guns. This is still more then 3 time the number killed by guns!. Whenever it is in favor of the right to bear arms the gun haters will not say if it saves just one life is it not worth it. However the gun haters will chant if banning a right saves one life is it not worth it.
"To the small number of people who still believe that laws will somehow erode their personal freedom, I want to assure you that that is not the intention nor will it be the result. We all have a responsibility to save lives and to make this nation a safer place for our children and grandchildren. Let's all work together to reduce the violence. And to those who resent a waiting period, I ask you: Isn't sacrificing three days worth saving the lives of your fellow men and women?" -Sarah Brady.  Why hold the gun for 3 days when:  1) The background check is instant. 2) Once I pass, the cops know I'm harmless, the vendor knows I'm harmless, Saray Brady knows I'm harless.  Do you some how suspect that within the 3 days a law abiding citizen will go on a rabid crime spree if he/she gets the gun right away?
[QUOTE=voiceofreason] The best study on defensive guns uses, which surveyed about 50,000 people, concluded that there are less than 100,000 defensive gun uses each year. http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/pub/press/hvfsdaft.pr Kleck surveyed about 5,000 people to reach his 2.5 million figure.QUOTE]  People defending the right to bear arms claim guns saves 2.5 million lives a year. The gun haters not wanting to believe this study claim guns only save 100,000 lives a year.   Now this is more then 3 times as many lives saved by guns then killed by guns.   The gun haters have a saying "if it saves just one life isn't it worth it?" So even using the gun haters statistics if guns save far more lives then they take, why are they not worth having?  By the way gun haters the 2.5 million lives a year saved by guns does not include lives saved by our many police forces and armed services having guns! So if you factor in this how many lives are saved by guns?  Gun haters are blinded by a hatred for a right and will do anything to ban it!
We are divided by a common language  life insurance / / (say 'luyf inshawruhns) noun insurance providing payment of a specific sum of money to a named beneficiary upon the death of the  assured , or to the assured or to a named beneficiary should the assured reach a specified age. [insurance] Also, life assurance.  http://www.macquariedictionary.com.au:8008/anonymousFF997610499+2/-/macshowrecord/1/2  You are correct in your interpretation. So am I... because death is an assured thing... that is, it will happen. You can't bet (or insure) against it.   However you talk about vilifying people, yet you constantly refer to people as 'gun-haters' In fact you do so in the same line as you use the word vilify. Perhaps a little bit of introspection is called for, hey?   A gun hater is a person that wants to limit or ban the right to bear arms. Now if you want gun control laws that limit or ban the right to bear arms you are a gun haters.  Now gun hater what about your claim about militias? Can you find any law, edit, or regulation to defend you claim. As for you reference to the courts. If it was true the gun hater would have pushed to ban guns years ago! And remember gun hater if you use the militia line that would open up a lot of weapons militia members could now have. Why? Simple you would want your militias to have weapons as good if not better then their possible enemies!  If you do not want to be labeled a gun hater then leave the right to bear arms allow.  Kind of like if you do not want to be labeled a racist do push for racist laws.   Kind of like if you do not want to be labeled sexist, do not push for sex discriminating laws.  Oh and the reference to insurance was to ask the gun haters if a person is paranoid for buying it. You know kind of how gun haters always try to labeled people defending he right to bear arms! But nice try at attempting to take the topic off on another subject.
They totally got their studies mixed up. The study that I cited is not concerned with lethal defensive uses of guns. That's another study that Kellerman did which compared the number of criminals shot in self defense to the number of other gun deaths in the home.    So you dismiss people who sucsessfully defended thier lives with a gun to mold your "statistics" into your agenda?   The best study on defensive guns uses, which surveyed about 50,000 people, concluded that there are less than 100,000 defensive gun uses each year. http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/pub/press/hvfsdaft.pr Kleck surveyed about 5,000 people to reach his 2.5 million figure.  Actually you break this survey down you see that black males under the age of 19 are the biggest commiters of these crimes and I am willing to bet most of them live in very restrictive civil rights violating areas. Also where is the raw data?   Further before you dismiss Kleck read the footnote:  1 Gary Kleck and Marc Gertz, "Armed Resistance to Crime: The Prevalence and Nature of Self-Defense With a Gun," 86 The Journal of Criminal Law and Criminology, Northwestern University School of Law, 1 (Fall 1995):164.  Dr. Kleck is a professor in the school of criminology and criminal justice at Florida State University in Tallahassee. He has researched extensively and published several essays on the gun control issue. His book, Point Blank: Guns and Violence in America, has become a widely cited source in the gun control debate. In fact, this book earned Dr. Kleck the prestigious American Society of Criminology Michael J. Hindelang award for 1993. This award is given for the book published in the past two to three years that makes the most outstanding contribution to criminology.  Even those who don't like the conclusions Dr. Kleck reaches, cannot argue with his impeccable research and methodology. In "A Tribute to a View I Have Opposed," Marvin E. Wolfgang writes that, "What troubles me is the article by Gary Kleck and Marc Gertz. The reason I am troubled is that they have provided an almost clear-cut case of methodologically sound research in support of something I have theoretically opposed for years, namely, the use of a gun in defense against a criminal perpetrator.... I have to admit my admiration for the care and caution expressed in this article and this research. Can it be true that about two million instances occur each year in which a gun was used as a defensive measure against crime? It is hard to believe. Yet, it is hard to challenge the data collected. We do not have contrary evidence." Wolfgang, "A Tribute to a View I Have Opposed," The Journal of Criminal Law and Criminology, at 188.      How do you know that the drop in crime was because of concealed carry laws? Areas that don't allow people to carry concealed weapons also have experienced drops in crime. Consider Washington DC for example. In 1995 there were 12,173.5 crimes per 100,000 in DC (page 65) http://www.fbi.gov/ucr/Cius_97/95CRIME/95crime2.pdf In 2001 there were 7,709.6 crimes per 100,000 in DC  (page 77) http://www.fbi.gov/ucr/cius_01/01crime2.pdf That's a 36% drop in crime.   Do you believe everthing you read on that website without reservation? I could easily go to the VPC or the Brady website and post tons of statistics here, but I don't think people would find that very convincing.    Hmm... lame attempt to marginalize me aside. Sept. 11th had a big impact on crime all over the nation as people became more reflective of the times. Further gun sales SKYROCKETED throuought the country. the 36% is proportionally average countrywide. D.C. still however is still proportionally higher than the nation average.... Also since we are noting charactaristics of each other may I ask Since D.C has a significant African American population can I assume that you feel that African Americans can not be trusted with guns?
The article makes it very clear that "Also, case households more commonly contained an illicit-drug user, a person with prior arrests, or someone who had been hit or hurt in a fight in the home. After controlling for these characteristics, we found that keeping a gun in the home was strongly and independently associated with an increased risk of homicide" This means that in households that do not have a history of physical violence, that do not have people with prior arrests nor drug users a gun is still associated with a higher risk of homicide. These characteristics were controlled for as the article clearly states.    It's not at all double speak. These variables were controlled for to determine whether there was an independent relationship between gun ownership and a higher risk of homicide. When you control for a certain variable that means you determine whether the relationship would still exist in the absence of that variable.   Then how the hell do they get to this conclusion: ""Conclusions The use of illicit drugs and a history of physical fights in the home are important risk factors for homicide in the home. Rather than confer protection, guns kept in the home are associated with an increase in the risk of homicide by a family member or intimate acquaintance. "   This is 2 unrelated statments that make absolutley no sense... Furthermore once they "controlled for" the illicit drug users and etc... HOw many were left? where are the numbers that YOU think so prominantly think important in dismissing a survey.    WHat would be interesting would be to count up the total number of gun housholds and then add up the gun homicide rate in homes or "intimate acquantence". They could have done this very easily but it would have probably not given them the results they wanted.
In general, I don't think I'd be safer if I owned a gun. Just the opposite.  "After controlling for these characteristics, we found that keeping a gun in the home was strongly and independently associated with an increased risk of homicide (adjusted odds ratio, 2.7; 95 percent confidence interval, 1.6 to 4.4). Virtually all of this risk involved homicide by a family member or intimate acquaintance.... Rather than confer protection, guns kept in the home are associated with an increase in the risk of homicide by a family member or intimate acquaintance." http://content.nejm.org/cgi/content/short/329/15/1084  That statistic is fine. It is a perfect justification to ORDER what people can and can not do in their own home. If that is what you want to do.  I am quite away of the danger of firearms. I have decided for myself and for all those inside the walls of my home what is best for us. Thank you for your concern. Were still keeping our guns.
What's so hard to understand about this? They looked at gun ownership, drug use and a history of physical fights and found that each of these factors is associated with a higher homicide rate in the home. I don't understand any of your objections to this study. Anyway, why are you more than willing to believe any study that supports your agenda, but so eager to find fault with a study that proves you wrong? Question everything you read at www.gunowners.org  If you notice the study, it is about inside the HOME. It is great if YOU personally will use this information. It is great is everyone uses this information. Now what? I will use this information.  Is this a justification to COMMAND people how to live? Are you using this as a reason to change and control people inside thier own home? Is this evidence that people must bend to your ideas and your studies and do it your way? Is this a justification to MAKE a decision for people weather they should have a firearm or not?  Please explain what you intend to do with the above study? Please explain what is the next logical step for what people should do inside thier own home?   Thanks for the information. I've have decided that I'll do my best to keep my family away from drugs and violence. I'll do my best to secure my firearms. Also it is in our best interest to keep our guns in our HOME, regardless of the study. Thank you for your concern. Firearm ownership in the HOME is a very personal choice. The government does not belong there.
hey, afrsmile-  tyranny n.,pl., 1. arbitrary or unrestrained exercise of power. 2. the government of a tyrant. 3. oppressive or unjust government. 4. tyrannical act  tyrant n. 1. a ruler or other person in authority who exercises power oppressively or despotically. 2. an absolute ruler.  I keep my dictionary near the computer because I find people often use obscure words in debates. I have found it very useful, especially as a lot of people don't even know the meanings of the words they are using... ;)
People can use that study to make an informed decision about whether or not to keep guns in their homes. That's the logical next step.  That is great! You see the difference between letting people decide for themselves and letting the government decide for you.   While some people may view the lessening of controls on firearms as a step closer to anarchy and lawlessness, I do not. Laws are not required to keep law-abiding citizens lawful. Passing more laws that infringe on law-abiding citizens is ineffective and unethical. Such laws gain nothing. Criminals are by definition lawless. A sensible gun control law would directly target the lawless and not the affect the lawful.  Sarah Brady asks, "I ask you: Isn't sacrificing three days worth saving the lives of your fellow men and women?"   I reply, "Yes it is, but the sacrifice your asking is saving no one."
some treasonous bastards are raping it for thier own political power. previously stated by rev. hellbound  They are not limiting our right to carry guns for their own political power. They do it for the sake of their patients and staff (in the hospital case). Why would you need to carry a gun to a hospital if you have no intent of using it.  Again we get the why do you need line. Why do you need insurance if you do not plan to use it?
Why do the police carry guns?  The police carry guns because they are in situations were deadly force may be required to save thier own life.  I carry a gun for the same reason. There are times I judge that it is necessary to be armed in public. There are times I judge that I can take the risk of not being armed. But the decision is mine and mine alone. I decide for myself what is good for me and what is acceptable for me. I do not ask the government to make that judgement for me.
Number of physicians in the U.S...........................................700,000 Accidental deaths caused by physicians per year...............120,000  Accidental deaths per physician...........................0.171  Number of gun owners in the U.S. ................................ 80,000,000 Number of accidental gun deaths per year (all age groups)......1,500  Accidental deaths per gun owner..................................0.0000188  Therefore, doctors are approximately 9,000 times more dangerous than gun owners!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Taken from the Internet.      Should we ban doctors?
 Using your logic you may indicate that we should eliminate cars, food, heating/cooling systems, chairs, stairs, houses, apartments, work, money, paper, plastic, and basically everything that we have on earth because somewhere people are going to die because of almost everything. You have to look at risk-reward.  .  You forget, that all those nice rewards? None of them are rights.
     Should we ban doctors?  Personally Rev. my favorite is:  More infants are going to die in a bucket of water and open toilets this year than accidental death from firearms.  http://webapp.cdc.gov/sasweb/ncipc/mortrate10.html
Therefore, doctors are approximately 9,000 times more dangerous than gun owners!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   You would have to include non-accidental deaths and consider how many patients doctors treat or how many times guns are used.
What is the source of this? How do they define accidental gun death and accidental physicians death?  Using your logic you may indicate that we should eliminate cars, food, heating/cooling systems, chairs, stairs, houses, apartments, work, money, paper, plastic, and basically everything that we have on earth because somewhere people are going to die because of almost everything. You have to look at risk-reward.  Uhh... thats your logic... As Kelvin says (and you too)Ban cars, toilets, now doctors, before you ban guns.  Tell those Jews in the Warsaw Ghetto about "risk/reward" of guns Vs. Doctors.
The whole argument is weak unless gun control advocates are only pressing the issue due to accidental deaths.
  So lets clairfy here, do you believe that guns have a better risk/reward than doctors? If you HAD to ban one which would it be? I await your sidestep of the question. .  Proving logic to ban an item is not the point. The above statistics show what the real risk from firearms really is compared to common items. Don't believe anti-gunners if they say that guns are such an incredibly dangerous object that "normal" people should not have them.  You want to know the reward from guns are? One of them is protecting democracy. Is democracy a good enough reward for you?
 What is the source of this? How do they define accidental gun death and accidental physicians death?  It is a widely known fact. A simple search on Google will turn up hundreds of articles, reports and so on.   Dr Michael Ackermann has a great deal of specific information (although he is Canadian, he research applies to the U.S. too)  http://www.dsgl.org/Articles/Ackermann.htm  He has a complete list of references and links to other sources on that page. A good one is here:  teapot.usask.ca/cdn-firearms/Suter/med-lit.html   The whole argument is weak unless gun control advocates are only pressing the issue due to accidental deaths.   No. The point is that doctors are more dangerous than guns, highlighting the stupidity of the anti-gun crowed who believe that guns should be outlawed because they are &#8220;dangerous.&#8221;  Furthermore, if we wanted to include deliberate killing, we would have to include doctors who deliberately kill. And we would have to point out that many people who are killed with guns - should be killed (violent criminals, for example).   A few other education links are here:  http://www.aapsonline.org/press/medsentgun.htm  http://teapot.usask.ca/cdn-firearms/Schulman/doctors.html    So lets clairfy [sic] here, do you believe that guns have a better risk/reward than doctors   Yes. But guns are about more than safety.   A well-regulated Militia being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms shall not be infringed.
The point that doctors are more dangerous than guns is absolutely rediculous. First off, I seriously doubt the validity of the study supporting the argument.   Then you have your head in the sand. You need to wake up a realize that there are facts out there that you don't like to hear.   And let me ask, how do you define "accidental death caused by a doctor". Accidental death with a gun is rather easy to define.    The clinical term is "Medical Misadventure." It is defined as "Medical misadventure is a personal injury resulting from treatment by a registered health professional, or in limited circumstances an organisation. "  People die in the hospital every day, and some people seem to think that if someone dies in the hospital they must have been killed by some retarded doctor. The fact remains that sick people go to the hospital, sick people die, sick people die in the hospital.   No.   When someone dies in the Hospital, their care givers must fill out forms detailing the Cause of Death. If someone dies because they are sick, they didn't die because of "medical misadventure."   "medical Misadventure" means the doctor made a mistake that caused a person to die who would have lived otherwise.   Next time, try reading some of the links I posted in my last message before you say something stupid again.   I agree that guns save lives in some situations, but they also can take lives, ie...accidental shootings of children,   Ah, yes, the CHILDREN.  suicides, etc  Newsflash: Most suicides don't kill themseves with guns. Again read some of the links I posted above. Furthermore, if guns were banned, suicidal people would just use other means to kill themselves. Witness Japan. THey have some of the strongest anti-gun laws in the world, but their suicide rate is the highest in the world.    I don't think this means the answer is to ban guns, but perhaps provide stiffer penalties to those who make the gun available to the kid who accidentally shot his brother, or the 13 y/o who put a tunnel through his head after finding dads revolver.   Oh, please. Give it a rest.    Banning guns or doctors is irrational. But saying doctors are more dangerous to guns is also irrational.   No, it is a statement of fact. You are being irrational by denying it. Note that even Doctors themselves don't refute that claim. Again, see my link to Dr. Ackermann's discussion about guns.   If you want people to take your arguments seriously, then make a logical argument.   If you want to have an intelligent conversation, you ned to educate yourself first.
 but they also can take lives, ie...accidental shootings of children, suicides, etc. I don't think this means the answer is to ban guns, but perhaps provide stiffer penalties to those who make the gun available to the kid who accidentally shot his brother, or the 13 y/o who put a tunnel through his head after finding dads revolver. Banning guns or doctors is irrational. But saying doctors are more dangerous to guns is also irrational. If you want people to take your arguments seriously, then make a logical argument.    WON"T SOMEBODY PULEEEZE THINK ABOUT THE CHILDEREN! :xbanghead       Sundowner.... Instead of a media propaganda blitz that guns are bad, Guns kill children, and the other XXXX..... Why not teach your childeren about guns. Teach them the proper use, the rules of saftey... Children stay off of railroad tracks, they don't stick thier fingers in light sockets that often, don't see a bridge and jump. Don't play in traffic.   Tha 13 year old shoul never habe "found" that revolver in the first place. He should have known where it was how it worked and by the age of 13 should have been an expert marksman.     Are you advocating that manufactures should be held responsible?   MOLON LABE!
 But saying doctors are more dangerous to guns is also irrational. If you want people to take your arguments seriously, then make a logical argument.  The links are right there for you. They all say they same thing. More people are killed by accident from doctors than guns.  Don't believe anyone here? Then believe the experts and reporters on those links.  Your living in the dark ages. Believe what you can prove, not what you think you know.
I wonder who killed more people accidentally... Pilots or people accidently shooting someone else?   hmmm.....   emoticon_xgood
 Do you work in one?  Actually, I do work in the health care industry (clinical laboratory testing). No, I don&#8217;t actually work in a hospital.    What are the forms called. Can you link one of these forms to me? The only "forms" that a filled out are the death certificate (which is filled out for everyone) and the nursing notes. Are these the "forms" you talk of?   First of all, if you know so much about it, why did you say &#8220;People die in the hospital every day&#8230; they must have been killed by some retarded doctor. The fact remains that sick people go to the hospital, sick people die, sick people die in the hospital.&#8220;  Secondly, you clearly don&#8217;t know that much about it because now you say &#8220;The only "forms" that a filled out are the death certificate (which is filled out for everyone) and the nursing notes.&#8221; What about the insurance forms? The test requisitions that are sent to the lab? The results from the lab that are sent back? The Pathology report? I think there are more forms than you know about. When was the last time you died in the hospital and took note of all the forms associated with your passing?   The point is, a distinction is drawn between medical misadventure and other causes of death. Call the &#8220;forms&#8221; that information is documented on whatever you like.    Yes...the children. Do you see it as a problem that a 4 y/o finds a gun and shoots his 3 y/o sister? I do. Even if it only happens 1 time a year. It is a preventable death.   No problem at all. It&#8217;s Darwinism at its best!    Give what a rest? Suggesting stronger penalties for irresponsible adults who leave a gun laying out on the coffee table?    Because it is such a HUGE problem, right?   Blaming parents for the preventable actions of children too young to know the consequences?  We do that already.    Talk about putting your head in the sand. Do you honestly believe that no children are killed by accidental shootings?  No I don&#8217;t. Do you honestly believe I said such as thing?   Do you honestly believe that no children are killed by accidental medical care?    Do you think that a parent has never left a gun loaded and unlocked where a kid can find it and accidentally shoot himself or someone else? Or does that not bother you?   Do you think a child&#8217;s inability to get a gun in a time of need has never resulted in innocent death? Or does this not bother you?    You seem to have a problem deciding whether it is doctors or registered health professionals   You seem to have a problem with repeating that question. When you calm down, I&#8217;ll answer it.
I like Sundowner's thought of an age limit, like with a car. "Gun Control" in Canada is a joke. The leader of the Hell's Angels registered his guns. The program has costed over a billion and is constantly over budget. It actually makes it harder for people buying legally, while the black market is unaffected. Just the sort of thing to make you lose faith in your leader.
Well, whether you have calmed down or not, I&#8217;ll address your neurotic nit picking.  Is it registered health professional or doctor? and "limited circumstances by an organization"...what does this mean? A registered health professional can be a nurse, and x-ray tech, a physical therapist, a speech pathologist, a paramedic, a lab tech, .  First of all, doctors are responsible for the care that is meted out under their supervision. Secondly, I struggle to imagine someone being killed by a session gone awry with a speech pathologist, or an x-ray teche.  Furthermore, the definition of &#8220;medical misadventure&#8221; that I posted above is only the first one I found with a search on google. I didn&#8217;t look further because I could tell it was a concept you had never heard of before. This definition:   &#8220;Any type of medical error such as surgical or medication mistakes.&#8220;  Taken from wrongdiagnosis.com (http://www.wrongdiagnosis.com/m/medical_misadventure/intro.htm)  Makes your entire &#8220;point&#8221; pointless, as only doctors can prescribe medication or perform surgery.   There may be other definitions out there. I&#8217;m not a doctor, so I don&#8217;t know.    ? and "limited circumstances by an organization"...what does this mean?   Uh, I would guess that in some limited circumstances, organizations can be held responsible for medical misadventure.   Look, rather than arguing the nuances of dying in a hospital, I can say any number of other things that make the same point. Try this on for size:  According to the NHTSA http://www-fars.nhtsa.dot.gov/ 37,862 people died on the nation&#8217;s highways in 2001 37,526 people died on the nation&#8217;s highways in 2000  According to the CDC, http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/releases/02facts/final2000.htm and  http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/releases/03facts/mortalitytables.htm  A total of 28,840 people died from firearms in 2001  A total of 28,663 people died from firearms in 2000.   This data suggests that roughly 10,000 more people are killed every year by cars than by guns! Considering the fact that most of the highway deaths were accidents, and most of the guns deaths were deliberate (shooting apparent criminals), why aren&#8217;t you trying to do something about all the accidental deaths on the highways? Don&#8217;t you think we should have stricter laws about who can own a car?   What about those 14 year old kids who take their dad&#8217;s car out for a joy-ride and end up killing someone in a stupid accident?? Or does that not bother you?   The "problem" with guns in America is the way they are portrayed by the media and the politicians.   You know, "I'm not trying to take guns away from hunters and sportsmen." and all that....
Wow, how can I possibly argue with logic like that. You got me, I have been wrong about everything. Thank you for showing me the error in my ways with your superior logic and reasoning.   Hmm seems like your pilot ego is bruised... Well lets see now....   In 2002 There were 1228 total lives lost at the hands of pilots....  Table 1. Accidents, Fatalities, and Rates, 2002 Preliminary Statistics  U.S. Aviation    Compared to:  In 2001 (closest year I could find) there were 802 deaths by accidental shootings.    Injury Mortality Reports, 2000 - 2001    So yes... The answer is yes pilots are more dangerous than people accidentally shooting you.   Pilots are more accident prone than guns!   Planes don't kill people, pilots kill people!
You assume a lot. Do you think it is possible that I have been trained and may have worked in the healthcare system? Do you think it is possible that I still do on a part time basis?   And now we see why you are so upset by this fact.    If they are not old enough to handle the gun responsibly, they should not be left alone in the first place. Perhaps if people feel this way, they should only employ a babysitter who has access to the family gun and training on how to use it. If they are old enough and mature enough to be left alone with the gun, no problem. But it seems extreme to say that all 12 y/o's should have access to the loaded .45 in the drawer.   What is &#8220;old enough,&#8221; to you? And, (guessing) if 15 isn&#8217;t old enough, are you suggesting that no 15 year old should ever be without adult supervision?? No camping trips unless mom and dad come along?? No staying home alone for a few hours while mom and dad go to dinner or a movie?   I&#8217;m glad you weren&#8217;t my dad.   You mention 12 year olds, does this mean you think 13 is old enough to carry a hand-gun?    Not really, because more people are involved in the surgery than just doctors. PA's can also do some surgery 1. What state do you live in? 2. Please elaborate on &#8220;some surgery.&#8221;    You cannot blame a doctor for writing an order for plavix and the nurse giving lasix  If the doctor&#8217;s writing is illegible (as it often is), I think you can. In fact, I deal with illegible writing at the lab everyday!   So? Think about how many cars drive on american roads in one year.   Total number of cars on American highways estimated at 123 million  http://www.recycle-steel.org/cars/autorec.html  Total number of firearms in America estimated at 192 million  (http://216.239.41.104/search?q=cache:5pH4D5V6-hAJ:www.ncjrs.org/pdffiles/165476.pdf+guns+in+america&hl=en&ie=UTF-8  So? Now its your turn to think about how many cars drive on American roads in one year.  Look, life isn&#8217;t fair. Bad things happen to good people every day. There is no law you can pass to change that. When you say &#8220;Any preventable accidental death of a child should be considered a problem. (or of an adult for that matter).&#8221;   I disagree. We should look at the rate of incidence and remember that there is NOTHING we can do to bring the rate down to zero. In the end, every year somebody is going to die playing dodge ball. Someone will die in a car accident. Someone will die in a plane crash. The only way to reduce these rates to zero is to do away with cars, guns, planes and everything else.   Life is dangerous. It can kill you.    Don't try to misrepresent what I have said.   ??  Let&#8217;s recap (paraphrasing): Hellhound says &#8220;Hey look, more people are *accidentally* killed by doctors than guns.&#8221; You say &#8220; No way! Lots of sick people who are dying anyway die in hospitals.&#8221; I point out &#8221;Sick people who are dying anyway do not contribute to the &#8216;medical misadventure&#8217; statistic.&#8221; You come back and say &#8220;I know more about medical forms than you!&#8221; So I ask &#8220;If that&#8217;s the case, why do you want to throw rightfully dead people in with the &#8216;medical misadventure&#8217; statistic? Don&#8217;t you know better than that?&#8221;  You return and say that I am misrepresenting what you say??   I think you are getting too worked up about this. Take a deep breath, relax and accept the fact that more people die due to medical misadventure than accidents with firearms. And there are a LOT more firearms than doctors in America (just like cars).    This has nothing to do with natural selection.  It does.  When I was 12, I knew how to be safe with a firearm. If a 12 year old is so stupid that he accidentally shoots one of his friends, I want him off the streets and under government supervision. Because, in few years, he&#8217;s going to be driving a car. A few years after that he&#8217;ll be voting! Better to get the stupid genes out of the pool at the first sign of trouble, rather than wait until he&#8217;s an adult and having an even bigger negative impact on society. As for his victim, well, it&#8217;s sad, but that&#8217;s life. Stupid people do stupid things with guns (and cars, and health care).  Furthermore, When my friend Vinny was 14, a burglar broke into his house while his parents were away. Vinny shot the intruder dead in his living room with his dad&#8217;s revolver.   It&#8217;s survival of the fittest no matter how you look at it.
 I used 0-17 age range because at 18 you may be considered an adult. So these are just the mortality rates for children.   Why not include the adults? That&#8217;s what we are arguing about. The statistics Hellhound posted are derived from the entire population, not a remarkably healthy and typically foolish subset (young people). Are you trying to change your argument?   Notice the crude rate rises in this age group over the total population with all ages.   No I don&#8217;t notice that. Are you privy to the rates of the total population with all ages?    So it could be said people in this age bracket are more likely to die from accidental gun deaths than people 18 and over.  Lots of things can be rightfully said about the numbers, but that isn&#8217;t one of them. It is misleading at best.    Do the media and politicians go around to peoples homes and leave loaded guns lying around for kids to have accidents with? If they do, then perhaps I owe you an appology.   No. They portray guns in such a way as to make people like you think accidental death by firearm is an epidemic. It isn&#8217;t.
Ok, something strange is going on. I got an e-mail from these boards saying that you replied with things like http://webapp.cdc.gov/sasweb/ncipc/mortrate10.html    2000, United States  Unintentional Firearm Deaths and Rates per 100,000  All Races, Both Sexes, All Ages  ICD-10 Codes: W32-W34  Number of Deaths Population Crude Rate Age-Adjusted Rate**  776 number of deaths, 275,264,999 population, 0.28 crude rate, 0.28 adjusted rate     2000, United States  Adverse effects - Medical care Deaths and Rates per 100,000  All Races, Both Sexes, All Ages  ICD-10 Codes: Y60-Y84,Y88(.1-.3)  Number of Deaths Population Crude Rate Age-Adjusted Rate**  2,804 number of deaths, 275,264,999 population, 1.02 crude rate, 1.02 adjusted rate.   I think the information speaks for itself. Yes there are more medical care deaths than accidental gun deaths, but not to the extent originally suggested in this thread. You asked me to look at the information, I did. Perhaps people posting these outrageous claims need to do the same. The thing that strikes me so hard is that the people I am debating here think that we should attack all of these other problems, yet fail to see that accidental and preventable gun deaths are a problem too. They ALL need to be addressed. I don't call for banning airplanes, guns, or doctors. Placing a ban on something creates more problems than it solves. Working to prevent avoidable accidental deaths is the key.   This is NOT the same post you left on the bottom of Page 2 of this discussion, and it is not the post I was responding to.   The post on page 2 contains incomplete data, none of these comments, and no hyper link to the CDC.   I don't know how that happend.    Yes there are more medical care deaths than accidental gun deaths   I'm glad you agree.   The thing that strikes me so hard is that the people I am debating here think that we should attack all of these other problems, yet fail to see that accidental and preventable gun deaths are a problem too.   I'm not suggesting attacking the other problems, I'm saying the problem with guns is a false idea perpetuated by the media and politicians. It pales in comparrison to other problems that we happily live with every day.    the extent originally suggested in this thread   Notice that the original message inthis thread compares the rate of death by medical misadventure per doctor with the rate of death by firearm per *registerd firearm owner.* That's how the statistic (9,000 times more deadly) is arrived at. Its not a depiction of guns Vs Doctors, rather Doctors Vs registered gun owners.   Edit: Your post on the bottom of page 2 now appears with the links and these comments. THe incomplete post seems to still be there too.
Notice the crude rate rises in this age group over the total population with all ages. So it could be said people in this age bracket are more likely to die from accidental gun deaths than people 18 and over.    I do see that now, with the helpful link to the CDC. But using your logic, we should make laws that keep old people out of the hospital because they are more likly to die of medical misadventure than young people!   And again, why are you trying to shift the argument to children, when the original post regarded all people?   It says firearm owner, not registered firearm owner. And who are registered firearm owners, define this?   Fine, you're right. It says "firearm owner" not "registerd firearm owner." Way to pick those nits!    Anyway, where does the figure 120,000 deaths due to medical misadventure come from?   That's a good question. Maybe we should fnd the person who's posting that all over the internet and ask them.   I got 776 accidental gun deaths per year from the CDC web link. The same source says 2804 medical care deaths per year, approximately 4x the number of gun deaths.   Me too. Seems 120,000 is not accurate.    How do you get 9000x out of these figures?  Remember, there are the figures:  Number of physicians in the U.S...........................................700,000 Accidental deaths caused by physicians per year...............120,000  Accidental deaths per physician...........................0.171  Number of gun owners in the U.S. ................................ 80,000,000 Number of accidental gun deaths per year (all age groups)......1,500  Accidental deaths per gun owner..................................0.0000188  Therefore, doctors are approximately 9,000 times more dangerous than gun owners!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   You can bother checking the math if you want. I was only quoting the original source as saying that "doctors are approximately 9,000 times more dangerous than gun owners"   You seem to want to argue that doctors are only 4 times as dangerous as guns. And I'm not going to dispute that. But the original point was a comparison between gun owners and doctors, not guns and doctors.
No, we should work to eliminate or reduce the incidence of medical misadventure for all ages. Same as the incidence of accidental gun deaths.   Sure. But we also need to keep weapons available to law-biding citizens who may need them. Although the occasions of accidents and misuse of firearms are horrific, the benefit outweighs the cost.   My argument and more importantly the CDC statistics disprove these numbers without doubt.    I wouldn't be so quick to claim victory. Even you now admit that doctors are roughly 4x more dangerous than guns, which is not what you were arguing on page 1 when you said  The point that doctors are more dangerous than guns is absolutely rediculous   But Rev is not the original source, he saw it on the internet, probably from someone else who saw it on the internet who saw internet...etc...  I know that. I wasn't insinuating that he was the source. I've seen that statistic all over the net for a couple of years now. I've never seen a source for it. However, I also know that doctors are more dangerous than guns. I have verified that in a number of places before having this discussion, because it seemed so outlandish to me the first two times I heard it I, like you, refused to believe it. Only after doing a little research did I come to see it was true. Dr. Akermann's discussion was one of the things that finally convinced me.    My question is where are the original numbers, who is the author, show me the validation of the study.   I doubt you'll have much luck there. You'd be better off re-doing the research yourself (we've already done most of it, we just need to know how many gun owners and doctors there are) and doing the same statistical analysis.   It won't come out to 9000x but it will still say the same thing (doctors are more dangerous than gun owners)
And should the study be gun owners vs. doctors, or gun owners vs. doctor owners (ie. patients)? There are many more patients than doctors.   Now you're just being silly.
Rediculous logic. First off, how many of these accidents were pilot error? How many were errors caused by maintanence? How many were ATC error? How many were simply mechanical failure.   Why do you continue to point out other problems and ignore the fact that guns can cause deaths to innocent people. Why do you try to draw attention away from the fact that there are gun accidents that are preventable. I am in no way saying aircraft do not have accidents. This is another problem which needs to be dealt with, and in many ways it is. The simple fact that a preventable accident is just that, a preventable accident, whether it is in a plane or in a home with a gun.   How many of these accidental deaths were due to gun malfunctions? How many were due to operator error? how many were due to rangemaster error, finally how many were due to mechanical falure.  Your counter logic has...... FAILED   I point this out because YOU pilot are championing the causes of further erosion of our second amendment rights. I am pointing this out Pilot beacuse you are throwing stones in a glass house. I am pointing this out Pilot because with only a minimal number of accidental deaths by handgun this is a non issue that you Pilot are talking about like it is a plague epidemic.
I think you are getting too worked up about this. Take a deep breath, relax and accept the fact that more people die due to medical misadventure than accidents with firearms. And there are a LOT more firearms than doctors in America (just like cars). .   Don't forget that more people die in plane crashes than by accidental shootings!!!
Can anyone point me to the original source of this information, or show me the original documentation which concluded these statistics? I have done much research in attempt to find it, and have turned up nothing except a bunch of people spouting off the same erronious numbers without the original source documented.  http://www.hepcsolutions.com/interactive/2003/feb16-2003.htm   I just punched in Accidental deaths caused by physicians per year are 120,000 into google.... Origional source is Statistics from the U.S. Dept. of Health. Did ya think of trying that?
That is not the US department of health and human services website. The US DHHS is only listed as the source of the information. Looking this up reveals no such information.   RIGHT UNDER THE STATISTICS THEY GIVE YOU THE SOURCE! Do they give pilots a vision test? jeesh.....    You humor me.
http://www.anxieties.com/index.php?nic=flying-howsafe   Please check out the link. I hope you enjoy it, especially towards the bottom on the graph that shows numbers of death per year on commercial flights as compared to accidental shootings. What's a matter Rev? Someone proved your original statement false with proper documentation and you feel you now have to attack tham from another angle? Get over it. And also, while I am at it, here is another interesting statistic for you.    ***YAWN****   Take out plane crashes and you get 100 who died aboard plane crashes. You proved nothing false. Being a blind pilot does not prove me false!   According to the National Ambulatory Medical Care Survey of 2000, done by the National Center for Health Statistics (NCHS), there were 823.5 million visits by patients to doctors offices in the year 2000. This does not include emergency department, access to emergency medical services outside the hospital, or inpatient services. I do not yet have the stats for these, but I'm sure the number would go closer to 1.5 billion. There are how many gun owners in the US? If you look at the total number of visits to health care professionals and the extremely low incidence of "medical misadventures" per patient visit, you come to the conclusion that perhaps your whole argument may need to be re-tooled.  www.cdc.gov/nchs/releases/02news/physician.htm  Oh its per patient now.. well there are 300 MILLION guns in the US and 800 or so accidental deaths.....   Still pilots kill more people than accidental shootings!
According to the National Ambulatory Medical Care Survey of 2000, done by the National Center for Health Statistics (NCHS), there were 823.5 million visits by patients to doctors offices in the year 2000. This does not include emergency department, access to emergency medical services outside the hospital, or inpatient services. I do not yet have the stats for these, but I'm sure the number would go closer to 1.5 billion. There are how many gun owners in the US? If you look at the total number of visits to health care professionals and the extremely low incidence of "medical misadventures" per patient visit, you come to the conclusion that perhaps your whole argument may need to be re-tooled.   If you are going to talk about every single time someone visits a doctor, than you have to compare that to every single time someone pulls a trigger.   I actually saw the statistic for how many rounds are fired in 1 year in the US. It was on the History channel, on a show about bullets. I can't remember the number now. Maybe you can find it in your research? I'm sure it exceeds the total number of doctor visits.  After all, a single automatic weapon can fire hundreds, or even thousands of rounds a minute! How many doctors work that fast? And with such precision and low rate of error?
If you find that these there is more access to health care by a population than access to guns, it is only logical that the number of medical misadventures is higher than accidental shootings. This is what I meant by "doctor owners".   First, do you think it is easier for the average american to get health care or get a gun?   Second, if health care is more likely to cause you to die via accident, why do the people on the left always cry about how we have insufficient access to health care and too many guns??   Do they have an ulterior motive?   Clearly, to make society safer, we should restrict access to health care and have the government subsidize gun ownership!   (that would actually be more in line with our rights, by the way)
First, do you think it is easier for the average american to get health care or get a gun?   Second, if health care is more likely to cause you to die via accident, why do the people on the left always cry about how we have insufficient access to health care and too many guns??   Do they have an ulterior motive?   Clearly, to make society safer, we should restrict access to health care and have the government subsidize gun ownership!   (that would actually be more in line with our rights, by the way)  A good friend died of cancer last April. During her treatment her husband became a self taught cancer specialist by reading every scientific article he could get his hands on. She was at one of the best cancer treatment specialist hospitals in the state.  1) She was nearly killed on 2 seperate times by given the wrong chemo. On the third seperate time before receiving the chemo he asked the make sure she was not getting a particular drug. On the last minute the doctor took the chart turned his back and scratched out a line on the chart. Yes he was about to give her the wrong drug again.  2) She was almost overdosed on radiation. Her husband caught a wrong calculation to set the radiation. The calcuation had to be done by 3 seperate people 1) attending doctor 2) the nurse 3) the radiation specialist. All of them got it wrong.  3) On another occasion the doctor recommend a course or gene therapy. When 3 years ago he wrote a paper that proved the ineffectiveness of the treatment for this particular cancer.  This happens all time time to people who do not ask critical questions.  The purpose of this? YOU are the last person responsible for YOUR own health and saftey. You can sue the cops and the doctors all you want. It does not matter to make someone fess up to failure to protect your health and saftey after your dead.
i dont believe you    Thats nice. How's those "32" guns you "own" and hows your "training" going.   Funny though how you can believe or not believe a question....
I'd be doubly suspicious about Hellhound and Kelvin's stats as they are very dubious.  Earlier it was claimed that since my nation's tougher gun-laws, gun-reated deaths had sky-rocketed here in Australia... their source was quoting figures made up who know where.  Please specify which stats are dubious and why? My source is the Center for Disease Control. Which is obviously a rabid anti-gun institution. My claim is more infants are going to die in open toilets and buckets of water than from accidental deaths from firearms.  Why is the Center for Disease Control dubious?  Accidental water injuries (including buckets and toilets) for ages 0-4 in 2000 are: 568  Accidental injuries for ages 0-4 in 2000 are: 19  http://webapp.cdc.gov/sasweb/ncipc/mortrate10.html  A common way infants die is they fall head first into a bucket and drown: "Nine-month-old Oscar Geraldo Flores is the second child to drown in a bucket in a week" - http://www.lifesaving.com/news/news_articles/news62.htm
And what exactly is your point? Again, you cannot make a side by side comparison of anything other than raw numbers. You must look at exposure. How many households that have guns are there in this country that a 0-4 y/o could access? Now, for a fair comparison, how many households in this country have toilets, buckets of water, pools, bathtubs, sinks, puddles outside, streams, rivers, lakes, ponds, oceans, cesspools, septic tanks etc... that a 0-4 y/o could access.  The point? Guns are dangerous. They are not as dangerous as you think they are.  How many guns in this country vs sources of water you stated? The water outnumbers the guns, yet there are fewer gun deaths aren't there?
Hey Montaban:  Can you please help me find any dubious CDC stats? I really hate it when researchers try to present bogus scientific information. I need the specifics, I plan to write to the CDC and complain about thier dubious stats.  Thanks in advance.
I've noticed that there seem to be three basic interpretations of the second amendment.   1) The second amendment protects a collective right to bear arms. This is the position that has been taken by most of the lower federal courts in recent decades.   2) The second amendment protects a limited individual right. Individuals have a right to bear arms, but this right can be subject to reasonable restrictions and limitations in the interest of the common good. Such restrictions commonly include waiting periods, the banning of machine guns, gun registration and licensing. Attorney General John Ashcroft, for example, says that the second amendment protects an individual right to bear arms, but he has also stated that he supports the extension of the Federal Assault Weapons Ban.   3) The second amendment protects an unlimited right to bear arms for adult, law-abiding citizens.   The 2nd Amendment? How about the 4, 5, 14th Amendments, the clauses protecting property, and the clauses protecting personal transactions and contracts. All these also protect my right to keep not only arms, but private property.
It's an individual right.  I am however for not allowing felons to posses firearms.  Other than that.....  Machine guns do not need banning.   The "so-called" instant check needs to go away OR be turned into truely "instant".  Registration? What for?  Concealed carry as long as you legally can carry a firearm.
It was a fair question for Tim to ask, even your beloved NRA web-site has the 2nd Amendment located in top-right. (http://www.nraila.com/issues/FactSheets/)  How does the law of contract explicitly protect your right to carry a gun?  Are you allowed to shoot someone if they breach a contract?  What about torts laws? - where a contract doesn't exist.  Guns are private property. The are legally obtained and protected the Constituion just like any property. Want to make guns illegal? Then repeal the 2nd Amendment.  Why did you even bring this up? How does shooting someone involve contracts?   There is process for collecting damages for breach of contract. You may have heard of it? It is a democratic process called a lawsuit.  Tort laws, what is your point?
A section in the English Bill of Rights of 1689 protects a right to own arms for your own defense. This is still in the English Bill of Rights and it hasn't stopped the UK from enacting gun-control laws and confiscating handguns. Rather revealing about the nature of this right, isn't it?    The difference is that the American culture is more than willing to shoot back! (Ala the Powder alarms!)   Is the freedom of religion an individual or collective right?
Both Kelvin and Hellhound were unable to state where there natural rights come from, or even to designate what exactly are their natural rights.  They ingore history too. I'm glad you pointed this precedent out.   WTF are you talking about we answered it over and over again in post after post so much that we decided to "Collectivly" ignore this lacking argument instead of addressing it on an "individual" basis. Why don't you tell us o' stalin what it is then since we are too stupid to answer you strawman questions?  And ignoring history? your beloved bnevolent governments have killed 170million people this past century... Who my friend is ignoring history   emoticon_xkill MOLON LABE! emoticon_xkill
Both Kelvin and Hellhound were unable to state where there natural rights come from, or even to designate what exactly are their natural rights.  They ingore history too. I'm glad you pointed this precedent out.  The Declaration of Independace says the People were given rights. They are not given rights by any human or earthly power.  "WE hold these Truths to be self-evident, that all Men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights"   The People used these rights to establish the highest law in the United States, the Constitution:  "We the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America. "  The People gave the power to themselves to rule themselves. We ordained and empowered ourselves to have authority over ourselves. The People called out the rights in the Constitution by the powers they ordained on themselves and rights given by God.
Even Arnold gets it:   "When I became a citizen 20 years ago, I had to take the citizenship test. I had to learn about the history and principles of our republic. And what I learned and what I have never forgotten is that sovereignty rests with the people -- not with the government. "
Even Arnold gets it:   "When I became a citizen 20 years ago, I had to take the citizenship test. I had to learn about the history and principles of our republic. And what I learned and what I have never forgotten is that sovereignty rests with the people -- not with the government. "  That is not the same attitude as an anti-gunner.  It is more like "if we can just pass the law, then we can make everyone obey it." One problem, they can neither pass the law or make people obey it.  The Brady bill was such in doubt that a 10 year cap was placed on it. When has any type of legislation such as anti-trust, the Clean Water Act, American with Disabilities Act, etc; when has any bill been given a 10 year cap. I can not think of any. That is how much confidence legislators had with the bill, not enough to make it permant.
I think that a lot of Americans would disagree with the idea that our laws come from God. James Madison made no mention of God in the US Constitution which is the supreme law of the land. In the Federalist Papers, Alexander Hamilton discusses the historical origins of the American Bill of Rights-  "It has been several times truly remarked that bills of rights are, in their origin, stipulations between kings and their subjects, abridgements of prerogative in favor of privilege, reservations of rights not surrendered to the prince. Such was MAGNA CHARTA, obtained by the barons, sword in hand, from King John. Such were the subsequent confirmations of that charter by succeeding princes. Such was the Petition of Right assented to by Charles I., in the beginning of his reign. Such, also, was the Declaration of Right presented by the Lords and Commons to the Prince of Orange in 1688, and afterwards thrown into the form of an act of parliament called the Bill of Rights." http://federalistpapers.com/federalist84.html  The whole text is:  "It has been several times truly remarked that bills of rights are, in their origin, stipulations between kings and their subjects, abridgements of prerogative in favor of privilege, reservations of rights not surrendered to the prince. Such was MAGNA CHARTA, obtained by the barons, sword in hand, from King John. Such were the subsequent confirmations of that charter by succeeding princes. Such was the Petition of Right assented to by Charles I., in the beginning of his reign. Such, also, was the Declaration of Right presented by the Lords and Commons to the Prince of Orange in 1688, and afterwards thrown into the form of an act of parliament called the Bill of Rights. It is evident, therefore, that, according to their primitive signification, they have no application to constitutions professedly founded upon the power of the people, and executed by their immediate representatives and servants. Here, in strictness, the people surrender nothing; and as they retain every thing they have no need of particular reservations. "WE, THE PEOPLE of the United States, to secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America." Here is a better recognition of popular rights, than volumes of those aphorisms which make the principal figure in several of our State bills of rights, and which would sound much better in a treatise of ethics than in a constitution of government."   James Madison is saying that the text you quote is a misconception. He is using it to start his arguement not as proof for yours. He is saying exactly the same thing I did. That THE PEOPLE empowered themselves.   He begginning of his argument to refute YOUR argument starts with: Here, in strictness, the people surrender nothing
It didn't have a 10 year cap on it.  He he he. OK it doesn't not.
So what are these rights? How was the right to carry a gun a god-given right, or a 'natural' right?  Unlike countries with a royal tradition, there is no kings signature at the bottom of our highest documents. The countries with a UK tradition negotiated for thier rights. The king agreed to give subjects rights. We agree to nothing. We took our rights not by "taking them" but by getting rid of the authority that denied them to us. The list of how the King of England violated and denied our rights starts with:  "The History of the present King of Great- Britain is a History of repeated Injuries and Usurpations" - http://www.law.emory.edu/FEDERAL/independ/declar.html  In the USA we kicked out the king of our country. We broke away from tradition and gave power to ourselves.  The rights we gave to ourslvs came from no mortal authority. Every person in the USA has rights the moment they are born. No one gives you rights when you are born, you have them simply from being alive.  The Constitution is the highest document in the country. The Constitution spells out very clearly:  "A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed"  The militia is every citizen older than 17.
I think that a lot of Americans would disagree with the idea that our laws come from God. James Madison made no mention of God in the US Constitution which is the supreme law of the land. In the Federalist Papers, Alexander Hamilton discusses the historical origins of the American Bill of Rights-  "It has been several times truly remarked that bills of rights are, in their origin, stipulations between kings and their subjects, abridgements of prerogative in favor of privilege, reservations of rights not surrendered to the prince. Such was MAGNA CHARTA, obtained by the barons, sword in hand, from King John. Such were the subsequent confirmations of that charter by succeeding princes. Such was the Petition of Right assented to by Charles I., in the beginning of his reign. Such, also, was the Declaration of Right presented by the Lords and Commons to the Prince of Orange in 1688, and afterwards thrown into the form of an act of parliament called the Bill of Rights." http://federalistpapers.com/federalist84.html  Sooo. Vor?  How does the statement: "It is evident, therefore, that, according to their primitive signification, they have no application to constitutions professedly founded upon the power of the people,"  How does the statement support your idea? It is immediately after your quote that you conviently cut off?
Quoting a passage from the book The Militia and The Right to Bear Arms (p.164): "despite the earnest attempt to associate the Second Amendment right with the postulates of the liberal, enlightened philosophy of the eighteenth century, the Second Amendment right to arms remains firmly fixed in its seventeenth-century English heritage. It never evolved from the particular to the general, never grew from one of the historically conditioned rights of Englishmen into one of the unconditional and universal rights of humankind."  You can rationalize it anyway you want but answer me this?  Tell me Who the F$#k are YOU to tell me what I can and can not have or how I can defend myself and where do you think you get YOUR authority? Maybe I decided my authority overides your authority.... hmmm I am a gun owner your not.... Who's in trouble here?  THE SOVERIEGNTY LIES WITHIN THE PEOPLE! We should restrict government ownership of guns.... Think how many lives that would save!   WHO'S THE BOSS OF YOU?"   Are you a Freeman or a slave. That is what it is all about. Are you a defender of Liberty or are you a "subject"  Do you give them your belly, or do you give them your teeth?    ""If you register your gun with anybody, you're a nut! When the conspiracy comes for your firearm, give it to 'em like this grand dragon is going to - right between the eyes." -Klu Klux Klan (Richmond Times- Dispatch, July 5, 1967)"      Let me brew you a nice hot cup of STFU. Do yo want to REALLY go down that road? I am reall good at it. I'll roll you like a ciggarette, lets see kkk byrd's recent racists remarks that magically were missing from the media, Gores father against the civil rights, the blatant racism of quotas (dems think blackie is an idiot and needs special tests), Arresting an 80 year old man for shooting a mugger.. and thats just off the top of my head. So do you really want to compare the stances that some of us have to those of Racists. Are you FOOLISHLY implying that todays civil rights activists are racist?   THe Nazis, the brits, and the aussies made ya do it and now look at them.... What makes you and your type so despicable is your cowardace and fear to say what you really want. YOU WANT TO CONTROL CITIZENS LIVES BECAUSE YOU THINK YOU AND YOUR SISSY LIBS THINK YOU KNOW BETTER.... kinda like Hitler did eh? Admit it you want to ABOLISH private ownership of guns....   Comparing my stance to the Klan..... The internet is a safe place for a big mouth isn't it?    MOLON LABE! <- its a warning brother
So what are these rights? How was the right to carry a gun a god-given right, or a 'natural' right?   How is it not? Because some group of scared soccer moms doesnt think its a good idea. Men are born FREE. Whats to stop a wolf from being a wolf? Our consious guides us and when pushed too far that inner instinct comes through as it has generation after generation. No man can make another man do anything until that man submits. This my friend is natural rights. If you ever had the huevos to come for my arms Id givem to you under my own natural choice... NAtural rights. bullets first.   From Fred of Freds M14 stocks:  "On 2nd Amendment Rights: 'If you're afraid to use them, you're in danger of losing them. Just recently a buddy said 'I hope you don't get into any trouble talking about this subject' and I had to wonder 'Are we at the point where it may be illegal to even talk about our 2nd amendment rights?' If so, better start sleeping with your rifle! No Sir! I believe that we still have freedom of speech and that any discussion about preparing for the future is legitimate and protected speech..."    Oh and to the origional question I defer to the constitution:   A well-regulated militia, [people who can shoot well between the ages 17-44 for the defense of this contry] being necessary to the security of a free State [to protect the good ol USA], the right of the people [those same pesky people from the other 10 amendments] to keep and bear arms, [to OWN AND CARRY] shall not be infringed [shall not be or can not be f$#ked with.]  How many times do you need to be hit with this clue-by-four to get it?  You lefty libs don't like it then like VOR get the F out!   SIncerely,   Reverend Hellh0und   Any other intrepertation is propagandist lies.........
You confuse me. It's Alexander Hamilton who's speaking, not Madison. He's saying that a Bill of Rights is not necessary. I was just trying to point out the historical origins of the American Bill of Rights and I don't see how this text refutes that.  My appologies for your confusion.  Sorry again you are wrong.  Hamilton is shooting down the portion you quoted. He is specifically saying that such a Bill of Rights when given by royality is useless. That such a bill of rights is "primitive". The portion you quoted, Hamilton is laying down an example for the reader to see. He wants you to see a "primitive" example.  Yes you are right is is a historical example. The example does not apply to the citizens of the USA. The People have a different government from the example you quoted. The government you quoted is based upon royality giving a Bill of Rights to subjects. In the USA we kicked out our royality.  A Bill of Rights is not necessary? Alexander Hamilton lost that argument. The People decided it was necessary.  The Bill of Rights not necessary? Do you know who wrote OUR Bill of Rights?
I asked what these rights are. So far, all you've said is the gun thing again - the militia.  So, you're saying that the right to have a militia is 'natural'? That is, it's always been there?  That right seems to only date to your constitution.  If it dates to our Constitution that is fine by me. We all live by the document, the citizens have the rights in the Constitution and that is all that matters. By the Constitution I have the authority to own firearms. If you have a problem with our Constitution feel free to use our democratic process to change it.
So let me get this straight- Anything that you have the freedom to do is your natural right? And the government can't interfere with your freedom to do anything? Having no restrictions on freedom at all is anarchy.  Sorry you are confusing the nature of our democracy. The Constitution is not about restrictions on citizens. It is about restrictions on government. It is about what the government can not do to citizens.   The restrictings that have been placed on us an individuals is agreed upon The People. One hundred years ago if I wanted to dump heavy metals into a lake, I had the right to do so. The govenment could not prevent me from doing so. Since then The People decided that they do not want that behavior and passed the Clean Water Act. The power to enforce the CWA came from the Constitution.  So just like the Second Amendment and the CWA, if The People want it, they get it. It is not government telling me what to do. It is the will of The People. The will of the People wanted me to have guns. If the will is now different, then have you and your anti-gun friends repeal the 2nd Amendment. You and I know there is not enought will to do so.
Wrong about what? I was just quoting the above passage to reveal the historical origins of the Bill of Rights. I'm not saying that it wasn't necessary. James Madison wrote the first draft of the Bill of Rights. Then he presented it to the first congress. In Congress it underwent changes and finally emerged as the Bill of Rights that we know today.  My appologies again if your not advocating we do not need a Bill of Rights or citizens have no rights.  You are historically correct on the orgins of "bills of rights", but not "The Bill of Rights". "bills of rights" in other coutries and are deals with kings or authority. The Constitution and the "The Bill of Rights" makes no deals with anyone. Hamilton is very clear in the quotation you used to label it as "primitive" and those things are "bills of rights".  Hope this is clear between (not capital) bill of rights and (capital) Bill of Rights.  The final draft of the Bill of Rights was ratified under some very demanding conditions. Not only was it just one amendment, but it was 10. Those same demanding conditions CAN NOT be met by anti-gunners today. That is why they need trickery to achive anti-gun agenda.  Remember Elsa Barnes?  "Plaintiffs Lawyers Take Aim at Democracy" - http://www.manhattan-institute.org/html/_wsj-plaintiffs_lawyers_take_a.htm  What do you think about her statement, "You don't need a legislative majority to file a lawsuit," proclaims Elisa Barnes"  What do you think about anti-gun attemts to by pass the Consitution?  Where does this deliberate attempt to deny the gun industry existance by economic strangulation fit in with the Constitution?
I'm not trying to exercise any authority over you. .  Yes you are if you are infavor of gun bans, registrations, bullet finger printing, and confiscations.  Yes you are if you oppose concealed carry, hunting, and private ownership of legal property.  Yes if after 2004 you are infavor of magazine limits, the assault rifle ban, and waiting periods.  Do you fall in any of those catagories?
Further 'arms' is seen as guns. In the 1800s the US courts ruled that the right to carry a concealed knife was not protected because it was understood that the right to bear arms relates not to personal security, but the protection of the citizen from the state - taking away rights. Many US gun-owners talk about the 'protection' they feel with guns - and there's a big debate over the crime rate - all of which is ignoring that the right to bear arms is not about personal protection.  Can you provide me with that court docket number or case?
Okay, the Clean Water Act. So did the people decide that they wanted machine guns registered with the government with the National Firearms Act of 1934? How about all the other gun control laws? Since the second amendment was included in the Constitution over 200 years ago, not one second amendment federal court ruling has ever invalidated a gun-control law. That's pretty good legal precedent. Federal courts have invalidated certain gun-control laws based on other amendments, but not on the second amendment. This makes sense when you consider that the second amendment protects the right of the people to bear arms in connection with an organized militia. If you challenge a gun-control law in a court of law based on the second amendment, you'll be expected to show proof that your ownership of a gun is related to an organized militia. The burden of proof is on you.  http://www.healylaw.com/cases/hale.htm  The militia argument again. Every citizen above the age of 17 is in the militia. You do not have a choice, on your 18th birthday, your in the militia. http://www.lneilsmith.com/militia.html
I've already done that on a previous discussion with you. This is now the second time you've feined ingorance of something I've previously posted to you. You either don't read my posts or you're now playing silly buggers.  You did? Not in this thread if you did. So what 1800s case are you talking about?
Firstly, what is 'militia'? U.S. v. Miller, 307 U.S. 174 (1939), is the only U.S. Supreme Court case which directly considered the meaning of the Second Amendment "The signification attributed to the term Militia appears from the debates in the Convention, the history and legislation of Colonies and States, and the writings of approved commentators. These show plainly enough that the Militia comprised all males physically capable of acting in concert for the common defense. 'A body of citizens enrolled for military discipline.' And further, that ordinarily when called for service these men were expected to appear bearing arms supplied by themselves and of the kind in common use at the time. Id. at 179."  That is, to protect their rights against gov't.  NOT  for personal protection from theives etc.  This court case was ruling on a sawn-off shot-gun. They said further... "In the absence of any evidence tending to show that possession or use of a 'shotgun having a barrel of less than eighteen inches in length' at this time has some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia, we cannot say that the Second Amendment guarantees the right to keep and bear such an instrument. Certainly it is not within judicial notice that this weapon is any part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense. Id. at 178."  That is, they are looking at the weapon and seeing if it is capable of defending the rights of the person - against tyranny - not against the neighbourhood thugs.  Further, the court viewed whether the persons were part of a militia... "The signification attributed to the term Militia appears from the debates in the Convention, the history and legislation of Colonies and States, and the writings of approved commentators. These show plainly enough that the Militia comprised all males physically capable of acting in concert for the common defense. 'A body of citizens enrolled for military discipline.' And further, that ordinarily when called for service these men were expected to appear bearing arms supplied by themselves and of the kind in common use at the time. Id. at 179."  Current federal law, as set forth in the Militia Act, 10 U.S.C. § 311 (enacted 1956, amended 1958), defines the militia as:  "All able-bodied males at least 17 years of age and . . . under 45 years of age [plus some re-enlisted National Guard members up to age 64] who are, or who have made a declaration of intention to become, citizens of the United States and of female citizens of the United States who are members of the National Guard."  The Second Amendment states that the right to keep and bear arms ?shall not be infringed.? In contrast, the language of the First Amendment only states that ?Congress shall make no law? abridging the rights specified therein. U.S. Const. Amd. I. The limitation imposed by the Second Amendment is much more than a limitation on the actions of Congress. If the Founders had meant to say, ?Congress shall make no law impairing the right of each state to maintain such well regulated militia as it may deem necessary to its security as a free state," then they would have said so.     Furthermore, these 'natural rights' are being interpreted by the Courts so therefore the court is defining the scope of 'natural rights' not nature!  That is an interesting discussion. Your point about 1939 and the private owernship of guns is moot. It is not the holding in the case. The holding is weather a person can own a sawed-off shotgun and nothing else. The holding decides the law. The holding did not decide the issue of private ownership of firearms. As shown that after the holding was enforced, private ownership of firearms still exists in the USA after 1939. The discussion regarding the militia in 1939 has no bearing on law, it is not the holding.  As you have also shown every citizen above age 17 is in the militia. Thus every person in the USA and a citizen has a right to firearms.
Do you need to carry a gun with you everyday to protect yourself from tyranny?  Yes I do. The price of freedom is eternal vigilance. Ask any Pearl Harbor or 911 survivor.
  So the ruling in US v. Miller(1939) applies to other types of weapons besides sawed off shotguns.  Are you sure? Then my guns that I legally bought over the counter must be illegal. Then my transaction at the gun store must have been illegal. Can you explain? Why people still buy guns of "other types" after 1939. Why does to government do background checks for your supposed "illegal guns".  I repeat again. The holding in the case only decides the legality of sawed off shotguns and nothing else. It makes no decision regarding the militia.
Further these 'natural rights' are continually interpreted by the courts.  There is also a side-debate one could have over the fact that the constitution had to be first ratified by states - not by 'natual law'.  Which court is that? The Circuit courts? State courts? City courts? Which case? I am aware of civil rights interpretations. Do you mean such things as: Equal Employment Opportunities? Disabled Americans Act? Miranda?  I do not have to argue where rights came from with you. The Constitution says I have them, thus it is law and legaly binding.
IF they come from the Constitution, they're not natural... it is a statutory right.  Then regardless of where they came from. I legally have rights according to the Constitution.  Please post the court case from the 1800s. I looked in other threads and could not find it.
[QUOTE=montalban][QUOTE=kelvin90701]Then regardless of where they came from. I legally have rights according to the Constitution.  So they are not 'natural' rights. You'd been arguing this before that they ARE natural rights - you and RevHellhound - you seem to have now broken ranks.  What are you talking about. Natural or not, I could care less. I have the rights. Thank you very much. Your point about natural rights is moot. I have them. I am legally protected to have them. If they are natural rights that is just extra gravy, I already have the steak.
Hey Montaban:  Can you please help me out with that 1800s court case? It is a large subject to search and I can not find it. Nor can I find it anywhere on this discussion board.  Thanks in advance.
  How have Americans viewed this right and law?  Houston v. Moore 1820  "[The immediate issue in this case was federal and state jurisdiction to try non-compliance with militia orders. The context provides much enlightenment on the militia institution. Militia duty was conscript duty. Militiamen were governed by the rules and articles of war. The Militia Acts were the precursors of the selective service acts of the twentieth century. There was NO mention of a "personal right" to be armed outside of lawful authority. Houston v. Moore is provided here for further enlightenment to interested parties as Appendix W to US v. Emerson. It was not included in the appendices provided to the Fifth Circuit.] " http://www.potowmack.org/houst1.html.  The issue is a reflection of the holding. This case does not decide the right to bear arms. Please read after "issue" above. The holding has nothing to do with the right to bear arms.  The Martin vs Mott link does not work. The link takes me to: The page cannot be found. Please provide another one.  AYMETTE v. THE STATE (1840) the link says: Permisssion denied.  My defense against the natural right is: "so what"? The Constitution give me the right. The Constitution is the legal document that is ratified by The People. If you propose to remove or deny that I have them, then what you propose is illegal. You are just making philosophical chit chat. The reality is I am legally protected to keep guns. I would love to make chit chat, but that is not the point of me being here on this discussion group.
I've provided the case. If you question it, you go look it up. Your time wasting exercises are beginning to bore - first you claim that I'd not posted these before. Then that you couldn't find them.  That aside you have also changed focus from 'natural rights'.  If your 'right' to carry a gun is not 'natural' then it is granted by the government. It is not fundamental then that you keep this right.  The government has also shown you that the right has been interpreted - by them.  Your right to carry a gun is interpreted as not being a matter of personal safety.  Click on the links yourself Mr smartie pants. I keep guns for the exact reason you state, when the government starts to interpret my rights for me, is when I get my gets and start shooting "them".  That is the difference between you and me. You serve "them" in your coiuntry. In the USA the government serves me. I owe nothing to the government.   I and The People of the United States give the government the priveldge of existance. Sorry you misunderstand our form of government. The Constitution and Declaratlion of Independace is explict, the government gives me nothing. The People gave themselves the rights. The People do what they want without asking for permission from the government. I am under the collective authority of The People not the government.  I repeat again, proving the right is natural to you is just gravy. I already have the steak.
emoticon_xkill  I Have a question.  Fist of all, I do not believe that people should not have a right to bare arms. People usually bare arms to: 1)protect thier homes - In which case, you need only a small handgun. 2)hunting 3) option 1 and 2 are based on humans with hearts and brains and not lunatics and the mentally unstable. Why then, is it just as easy to purchase a machine gun as it is to purchase a rifle. I don't think it takes a fully automatic weapon of a machine guns capability to take down a deer. Do you?   There are many other reasons why people like to own firearms OTHER than what you listed.  Please tell me how it is just as easy to purchase a machine gun as it is a rifle? I am very interested in how this is true.  Full automatic weapons can be used for hunting, usually in the semi-auto mode. You won't find anyone hunting with a full auto weapon. Why did you mention that?
The right to carry a gun is neither a 'natural right' as maintained by some people here or for hunting/personal protection....  it is granted by the constitution in defence of states against tyranny. It's considered an inalienable right along with the other 10 in the Bill of Rights.  I think "recognized" is a better word than "granted". Granted infers that it's a priviledge which those are the Bill oF Rights and cannot be taken away.
emoticon_xkill  I Have a question.  Fist of all, I do not believe that people should not have a right to bare arms. People usually bare arms to: 1)protect thier homes - In which case, you need only a small handgun. 2)hunting 3) option 1 and 2 are based on humans with hearts and brains and not lunatics and the mentally unstable. Why then, is it just as easy to purchase a machine gun as it is to purchase a rifle. I don't think it takes a fully automatic weapon of a machine guns capability to take down a deer. Do you?  Using automatic weapons to hunt deer is ilegal. Medically proven insane individuals can not own firearms. Both are illegal. So then what is the beef?  Your number 1 is a personal judgment. I or anyone else in this country does not have to prove need to you or any government official. The only reason I need to have a gun is I want one. My judgement is legally supported, yours is not. Your personal view point is typical of people who want to tell other people what to do. You are making a decision for someone else on the best way to defend thier home.
The right to carry a gun is neither a 'natural right' as maintained by some people here or for hunting/personal protection....  it is granted by the constitution in defence of states against tyranny.  You keep forgetting, no one gave The People of the United States rights, they took them for themselves. No one gave them to us. The Bill of Rights is a declearation of what some of those rights are, which is very different from other bills of rights in other countires. (b)ills of rights in other countries are contracts/deals with authority. Our Bill of Rights makes no deals with no one.
Using automatic weapons to hunt deer is ilegal.    Actually it is legal in some states. Check your local laws before doing so!
If it involves no compact between men, then it's hardly enforceable.   .  The Bill of Rights is not a contract. Remember? No one gave the US citizens thier rights, we took them. We never asked or negotiated for them. We took them. (b)ills of rights in other countries are contracts, not in the USA. Such a compact is NATURAL because it is not between men. The rights in the Bill of Rights are natural rights, isn't that what you want to hear? Natural rights are not granted between men. Similiar charters and bills such as in the UK were negotiated between kings and authority. The People in the USA mke no such deals.
People still buy other types of guns after 1939 because it's legal to do so. Whether such guns are protected by the second amendment is a different issue.  Trust me they are. How do know? I am holding one of those guns right now in my left hand as I type with my right hand. Yep is must be legal. Legal = Constitutional.
Actually it is legal in some states. Check your local laws before doing so!  Is that "semi-auto" or automatic?
Is that "semi-auto" or automatic? Auto.... there is no law saying you must fire one shot at a time while hunting. It's pretty stupid to fire full auto if hunting something.....however not illegal.
If you 'took' them, how are they 'natural'?  You seem very confused.  Who was the 'Bill of Rights' taken from? Not from the Brits - you'd already won independence.  Your grasp on history is also shaky  May I suggest you take your anti-american axe to grind elsehwere? You are the empitome of a back seat driver. Not only do you want to tell us what to do, but you are doing it from several time zones. Please take your imperialism elsewhere. Your back seat imperialism is quite sickinging. Thank God that the you and the Aussies are militarily weak. Such imperialism would throw the world into slavery if the Aussies could build as many aircraft carriers as the USA.  You can not grasp the bill of rights because you have been sheep for so long under your government.  No the rights were not taken from the Brits. Specifically it was taken from the King of England. You do not know our history. The rights were taken from the King. The Bill of Rights are already in the basic Constitution. The authors of the Bill of Rights made the ammendments to be very explict. Instead of a vague notion of rights that are already in the Constitution, they made the rights more clear. That is why in your country your rights are always being modified to suit the political climate.
A good point. The Supreme Court in 1939 dealt with a sawed-off shotgun that had a barrel less than 18 inches. Although it's not illegal to own such a weapon (as long as it's registered) the Supreme Court said that such a weapon is not protected to by the second amendment because it has no relationship to a well regulated militia. Other courts have extended such reasoning to other weapons that don't have any connection with a well regulated militia. For example- April Love's application to buy a handgun was denied. The courts decided that it was legal for Ms. Love to purchase a handgun although they denied her claim that the second amendment protected handgun ownership.  "Citing law review articles, Love argues that she has an individual federal constitutional right to 'keep and bear' a handgun, and Maryland may not infringe upon this right. [16] She is wrong on both counts." Love v. Pepersack, 47 F.3d 120 (4th Cir. 1995)  The issue was not weather she has the right to a handgun, she does. The issue of that case was the speed and accuracy of the background check and interference with her right to contract. Love got and has a handgun.
Thank you Tim for your timely input.  RevHellhound and to a lesser extent, Kelvin have argued that this right to carry a gun is a 'natural right'. It isn't.  The NRA sells the American people profit through patriotism - by encouraging people to buy guns - and boosting gun maker profits.  It does not really matter weather the right is natural or not. I have my guns and you don't vote in this country.
What really matters is that when posting these things the majority of people reading them can vote in your country. So, you making a non-case is sort of letting the side down... when you attack me rather than the message.  It's like me saying "What's the weather got to do with anything?" :) without making a statement as above.  You've already defecated in your country with your gun control. Please do not defecate in mine. Please note, there are absolutely ZERO pro-gunners telling you what to do in your country or trying to bring any opinion of gun control to your country.  You are not here to bring a message. You are here trying to convince others you are right. So don't try to hide your feces wraped in some intellectual thought. You want a public policy and are trying to influence a public policy in this country. Your imperialism sickens me.
The NRA has had quite a bit to say about gun-control policies in both Australia and the UK.  I sense you are so close to finally going pro-gun. You already have admitted that there are NRA policies that are "sensible".   As long as you have been here:  1) You have seen anti-gun leadership attempt murder with hanguns 2) You have seen anti-gun leaders carry concealed guns. 3) You have seen anti-gun leaders buy guns 4) You have seen anti-gun academics get fired and awards removed for lying. 5) You have brought your own interpretations of research, only to find that your research does not support your notions. Remember the DOJ assault rifle study? 6) The law does not support your ideas.  The only thing you have to give up to become a pro-gunner is the idea to control criminal use of guns, you have to control good people with guns. Isn't that what gun control is about? Controling the criminals, by controling good people? Sound kind of stupid to me.  How about following NRA agenda and controling the criminal use of guns by controling CRIMINALS!
Let me respond to a few of your objections. First you can't stereotype those who disagree with you based on a few examples. And so what if Sarah Brady bought a gun? Is she anti-gun because she believes in common sense gun-control laws? If I believe in common sense laws such as speed limits and stop signs does that make me anti-car? Would it surprise you if people who favor speed limits and stop signs often also own cars? You're the one who misinterpreted the DOJ assault rifle study. You claimed that the ban "is only taking away weapons form people who will not use them in a crime." Yet the DOJ study said the effect of the ban was uncertain so how could you know for sure who the ban affected? You also falsely claimed that I said the ban was effective. So your above claim about research not supporting my notions is totally bogus to say the least. And what do you mean when you say the law does not support my ideas?  Hey we already have common sense gun laws. We do not need any more. What is needed is ENFORCEMENT of current gun laws. So what more can Sarah Brady do? Answer: BAN GUNS from good citizens.  A large part crime from in society does not come from good God fearing citizens. It comes from previous offenders and first offenders who have been poor, uneducated, unemployed, and under all sorts of approval for violence. Those common sense people, they are comming after ME. Those common sesne people aren't even trying to go after criminals. The focus is on ME and people like me.  Back in 1994 instead of passing a law to make good citizens wait for thier guns. How about passing a law that increases the penalties for violent criminals? Has any anti-gun legislation done that? Has any anti-gun leadership tired to do that? How about passing laws that increases the budget for law enforcement and prosecuters? What is the focus for Sarah Brady? Not budgets for law enforcement, it is ME.
You complain about a 1994 law that made "good citizens" wait for their guns. This was the Brady Law. Yet in another thread you speak highly of the Brady Law because it was democratically made.    http://4forums.com/political/showthread.php?t=1205&page=4  It is called tollerance. It is not an individual requirement in a democracy, but without it there is no democracy. Too bad so very few people who are anti-gunners can practice tollerance.  Please do not put such word in my mouth. You are almost implying that I approve of Brady law. I do not. I only approve of instant background checks and nothing else about Brady. The ONLY good thing about Brady is the instant background check and nothing else. Funny thing about Brady. The last bill before Congres which increased law enforcement budgets also had more gun control legislation with it. Of course Brady supported it. NRA said no. No to the bill because of more gun control.  Not no to more law enforcement budget. That is typical of Brady trickery. Of course Brady milked as the NRA helping criminals and not helping police. The NRA is for increased law enforcement spending. Not increased law enforcement spending AND gun control on the same bill.  BTW in the other thread? Can you help point out which NRA policy is racist? and why?
Hey, just started here, wanted to put in my 2 cents.   "The right of the people"----under the constitution, only individuals have rights, governmets (including state) have POWERS that are GRANTED by the people. Governments have no rights, states have no rights, even state militias have no rights. Only individuals have rights. It has further been implicetly stated not only in supreme court opinions, but in historical documentation, that the government is not able to grant people right. Rights are what you get just for being born, for breathing the air. All the bill of krights does is to recognise those rights formally.  You might be right about the bear arms thing, luckily there is the word KEEP in front of it. You have to look at historical reference in order to find the meaning of this. It is pretty simple.  "Arms", they are not talking about he things your hands are attached to  "Shall not be infringed" Is self explanatory. If you don't get this one, take a look in any dictionary.   The "collective right" theory holds no water. It has never been upheld in the supreme court and it simply is NOT what the second amendment says. It is not written in code. It is all right there, in black and white. It is simple to understand, just like the other amendments.   Before long we will probably get to see this in front of the Supreme court. Personally, I look forward to it. "Keep and bear arms" has already been addressed by the court, so has the term "militia".  I think the anti-gunners are taking the wrong approach to this. The simple fact of the matter is that no amount of word twisting and mis-citing can explain away the second amendment. The wording does not support the viewpoint, and the historical evidence certainly does not.  You can cite cases from lower courts all you want, but the US supreme court is the one, final, and only real voice when it comes to interpeting the constitution. Renquest said "The supreme court will do everything in its power to avoid second amendment cases. The language is too clear, and the implications too devestating. Nobody want to be known for sitting on the court that abolishes all gun control."  If you want the second amendment gone, REPEAL it. Then there will be no question as to a right to bear arms. This would be the honorable thing to do, as opposed to trying to twist things around to fit your views. There are provisions for repealing amendments to the constitution. It has been done before, it can be done again. If you want to take a serious shot at this, let me know. I will send a donation (I love grassroots political movements, they let you know that at least somebody is paying attention).  The whole "collective right" argument is based on half truths and deliberate mis-interpetation of a very clear document. The gun control movement needs to look to their leadership and quit spreading lies and disinformation. The NRA needs to do the same.  I get SO tired of seeing reports from both sides of the issue that are full of inflated, doctored numbers. Even the CDC report, which is so often cited by the anti-gunners, turns out to be a complete fabrication when you review the raw data.   I will never understand why people are not willing to present their arguments in an open, honest way instead of using subterfuge.
Even if you consider the first section of the amendment to have more weight than the second, the "militia" has been clearly defined both by theuthors of the constitution as well as by the supreme court as refering to all males physically capable of serving. Here is the oft-miscited text from the miller case:  //quote// The signification attributed to the term Militia appears from the debates in the Convention, the history and legislation of Colonies and States, and the writings of approved commentators. These show plainly enough that the Militia comprised all males physically capable of acting in concert for the common defense. "A body of citizens enrolled for military discipline." And further, that ordinarily when called for service these men were expected to appear bearing arms supplied by themselves and of the kind in common use at the time. //end quote//  It pretty much shreds your definition of militia. You are right, though, we DO already have a militia, it is comprised of "all males physically capable of acting in concert for the common defense".   The individual right is once again in presser vs. illinois :  //quote// It is undoubtedly true that all citizens capable of bearing arms constitute the reserved military force or reserve militia of the United States as well as of the States; and, in view of this prerogative of the General Government, as well as of its general powers, the States cannot, even laying the constitutional provision in question out of view [the Second Amendment] prohibit the people from keeping and bearing arms, so as to deprive the United States of their rightful resource for maintaining the public security, and disable the people from performing their duty to the General Government //end quote//  You will note "the States cannot, even laying the constitutional provision in question out of view [the Second Amendment] prohibit the people from keeping and bearing arms".   If you look at the entiere sentence in one shot, it is even more clear as to their intent. Your militai/collective rights argument does not hold up without ommiting the second half, which specifically conveys an individual right. The individual right argument hold up even when looking at the entire content of the amendment. Any historical research at all will give you a definition of "militia" which is in keeping with the definition found in the miller case.  You need to keep in mind that over half of the framers of the constitution maintained large personal arsenals, including cannons, which were the most devestating instruments of war at the time.  The collective rights argument holds no water, and realistically never has. There is not a single court case that uses the collective rights model that also involvs any historical researc whatsoever. This is because lower courts are not required to do such research.   As far as the supreme courts recent refusal to hear the case, you need to look at the text of the decision. They did NOT refuse on second amendment grounds.   Also, could you pls use the reply button on the left of the screen, as opposed to the one on the right that quotes the entire post? Or, if you must quote, edit it so the entire thing doesn't have to load. My response was posted once already, if you want to ensure that people know who you are responding to, put "daewoo-" at the top. That ay we don't have to scroll through an entire page to see the new material.  Thanks  Daewoo
daewoo, you raised an important point i don't disagree iwth. Namely, the definition of a militia at the time that the Constitution was written. Again, I didn't and don't disagree with that definition as it applies to that time, nor what was in the minds of the Founding Fathers.  I would point out that if we choose to interpret everything in a document that is several hundred or several thousand years old, quite literally, that the Constitution and a few other well known documents would not make much sense in our lives today.  Yes, at the time, I am sure, as you posted, that Men were expected to bring their own rifles.  Thankfully, today, you do not have to bring your own tank, nor RPG's, Stingers, rifles, or anything else.  And THAT is an important point to remember, when we look at the Constitution. We do not expect and do NOT EVEN PERMIT Men to bring their own weapons into the militia that is formed, in peacetime or wartime.  The ORGANIZATION (the collective i.e. militia) provides weapons for Men.  So, sure when the Constitution was written, I PERSONALLY believe that when the Founding Fathers put in the 2nd Amendment, that they most likely felt there was absolutely no need to EXPLICITLY say "Private Citizens" shall have the right to keep arms, BECAUSE EVERYONE HAD A GUN! LOL!  I do NOT disagree with that aspect of the 2nd Amendment argument. Also, I should point out AGAIN, that the Supreme Court (A FEW WEEKS AGO) REFUSED to hear the case about the 2nd Amendment, and the right of an Organization (if you prefer: the POWER of an Organization) to own guns, but not for individuals. ---------- So, let's get down to brass tacks...  If you choose to interpret the Constitution as written, and what the Founding Fathers hadi in mind, when they wrote the 2nd Amendment EXACTLY THAT WAY... then I would say "Yes" there is NO question that the Founding Fathers would have expected every home to have a gun, and that individuals should own guns. (There were people hunted for a real reason back then.) I think it would be silly to argue differently. HOWEVER...  HOWEVER... If you believe that the Constitution is A LIVING DOCUMENT... as many judges and laymen do, and I personally think that is what understanding the Constitution IS AND SHOULD BE all about, then you CAN CERTAINLY interpret the Constitution as CLEARLY indicating that the Right to Bear Arms was given for the purpose of a militia, and that COLLECTIVES  (i.e. Organizations) should have the right to keep Guns, and with few exceptions, no individual.   Recall that the Founders did specify a purpose for the Individual being able to bear Arms, and THAT PURPOSE was for a militia. HOWEVER, TODAY there is NO SUCH purpose. =============== So, THE ENTIRE DEBATE REALLY comes down to this...  Should the Constitution be understood exactly as written, and with exactly what the Founding Fathers had in mind,   OR  Should the Constitution be understood as written during a point in time in history, and for it to maintain its value and application, it needs to be interpreted as a "Living Document" with the situations and conditions we face today, in mind.  The two approaches are quite different, and there MAY BE reasons that I am unaware of (as a layman) that are ALREADY SPECIFIED, in which approach 1 or approach 2 must be used (by law).  I'm not a Constitutional Lawyer, so I have to make up my own mind how I think the Constitution should be read, and I suspect you do as well.  In this case, and I suspect that in very many cases, I would say that approach 2 is required, BUT THERE IS A PROBLEM ...  I RECOGNIZE ... that if all legal gun owners were forced to turn in thier guns, that only the police and criminals would have guns.  THAT PRESENTS A BIG PROBLEM FOR ME.... as I do own a Shotgun, and a Handgun for Home Protection purposes. I have also spent over 180 hours reading a number of books by lawyers, and other professionals that understand much about using guns and the various interpretations, of the diverse State laws that are applied, when using a gun for self-defense. And I've spent over 40 hours on just studying that part of my own State's laws on using a gun for that purpose.   And I've been trained by a former cop, with the shotgun, and by a person that competes in various gun tournaments with my handgun, and about 6 or 7 other types of handguns.  And in a year's time, I've fired 3000 rounds of ammo, for practice.  Does everyone do any of this? Hardly. Does it bother me. You bet!  So, until the State says I've gotta turn over my registered guns, I'm gonna keep em. Carefully!  BTW. The KKK is No voice of reason. They are a hate organization that has lynched African Americans for just the fun of it, and aside from their general philosophy of White Supremacy, they are SUPREMELY stupid, and ignorant pathetic excuses for White people everywhere!!!                           with exactly what the Founding Fathers had in mind,  A standing army provides weapons for the men. A militia can, ours does not. Every citizen above the age of 17 in the USA is in the miltia. You don't have a choice. On your 18 birthday in the USA, you become a member of the miltia. As a militia member, I can own guns.  According to your training you are now a menace and danger to society according to anti-gunners.   For anyone who believes that the NRA is racist, please see last monts issue of American Rifleman. Two women are highligted as historical figures who used firearms, both ex-slaves.
You've already demonstrated that this is unworkable as a proposal because you won't give up your guns... even though you have no right under the constitution for holding them for your own personal protection.  I have a right to have firearms. That is not debatable. I have both the legal protection and the natural right. I use firearms for personal protection under my natural right to preserve my life any way that is available to me. In a life and death struggle against a felon. I will not play fair. I will use the maxium amount of violence I can muster to save my life. When I carry a firearm I am on patrol for the militia. Too bad if a felon enters my house. To the Americans here, if you have a gun in the house, do you reach for the gun or go after a baseball bat in a life and death struggle against a home invader? Yes I have the right to use any means necessary at hand to protect my life. The idea that if I have a gun under the 2nd Amendment and I am attacked in my home, that I have to put my gun down and find another weapon is laughable.
You and your imaginary militia of one person, yourself. Do not exist in the eyes of anyone else but your own.   And if you use "any means necessary at hand to protect my life", your gonna find your little XXX behind bars for a good 20 years!  THIS IS EXACTLY the kind of legal gun owner that should NOT HAVE a gun!!!  They're a menace to society, a menace to their family, and a menace to themselves.   They're COMPLETLY IGNORANT of ALL Gun Laws PARTICULARLY Gun Laws that apply to a Self-Defense plea, and will wind up most likely killing an innocent, or in jail on a 2nd degree murder or at the very least, a Voluntary Manslaughter charge!           Excuse me kelvin90701, have you read NE of this thread  You are the one who is uninformed. Please check the legal definition of a militia:  "a) The militia of the United States consists of all able-bodied males at least 17 years of age ..."  This has been expanded to all able boddied CITIZENS.   http://www.lneilsmith.com/militia.html  I am aware of the laws regarding self-defense. You are informed. I am perfectly legal to use the maxium amount of violence to in the defense of my life against leathal force. There is no limition on the amount of violence I am justified to use in reponse to deadly force. You are informed. Please check this lawyers site for a less on in deadly force.  http://ralphdsherman.com/LegalOpinion/A%20question%20of%20deadly%20force.htm  This is typical more or less of all states for deadly force. So then Mr. Uniformed? When a felon enters my house and engages me in a life in death struggle? How I am I going to end up in the slammer? Please explain to me how an intruder in my home in a life and death struggle is going to get me involutary man-slaughter? You can call a cop. Maybe if they get there in time, they can take down his license plate number just as he drives away, after cutting your throat. I for one will live.  Plus you are just typical of nosy anti-gunner. I never asked you or any anti-gunner to protect me from myself. I take care of myself just fine thank you very much. Now please stay out of my business regarding how I defend myself in a life and death struggle. While you play pattie cake with a criminal in a life in death struggle, I for one will win to live at any cost. You are exactly the type of uniformed anti-gunner driving the gun control.
OK all you walking disasters that are legal gun owners... IF ANY OF YOU THINK LIKE THE GUY THAT POSTED THE MESSAGE ABOVE...I am posting a new thread in this section with 1 book in particular YOU ALL should read. In fact, if you bought a gun for Home Defensive purposes, OR IF YOU own a gun for dual purposes with Home Defense, being one of those purposes... YOU'VE GOTTA READ AT LEAST 1 SPECIFIC BOOK in the new thread in this section. I will call the new thread: "Must Read Books on Gun Law for Gun Owners"  If you think that just because you obey the law and own a gun, that does not make you immune to anti-gunners. By simply owning the gun you have already violated an anti-gunner. They are comming after you.  "We must get rid of all the guns." - Sarha Brady on TV 1994, the Donahue Show  If you defend yourself with that home defense handgun, you have violated an anti-gunner.  This is the plan they have for you, if you use that gun:  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/1909201.stm  The most harmless and law abiding with a gun is considered the lowest criminal.  http://www.nrahq.org/publications/sg/  In England desperate law abiding citizens with no options for protection, are criminals if they use deadly force.  Good fearing, law abiding, tax paying citizens use dangerous objects all the time. From autos, jack hammers, and lawn mowers; guns are not any different. Common men with who have been accepted into the armies of the United States for the last 200 years have been running, jumping, crawling with firearms perfectly safely. Common men with no education and sometimes with even less intelligence. Your attitude is arrogant to think that guns should only be meant for the elite. In the end the anti-gunners will come even for you.
I think some people take certain words out of context in the second amendment and then they apply their own modern day definitions to words that historically had quite different meanings. Remember that the second amendment starts off with "A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state...." Even without this preamble the second amendment would still only protect a right in connection with militia service. Michael C. Dorf, professor of law at at Columbia University, explains the meaning of the phrase "keep and bear arms".   "Moreover, if one reads Founding Era documents, one finds that the phrase 'bear arms' was almost always used to refer to military service. (The interested reader can try this himself or herself by searching for the phrase 'bear arms' in the Library of Congress's database of congressional and other documents from the founding era.)....   At the Founding, 'keep and bear' appears to have been understood as a unitary phrase, like other constitutional terms such as 'cruel and unusual' or 'necessary and proper.' In my own research, I have not come across any documents of the Founding period that treat 'keep' as adding a right to private possession distinct from the military notion of arms-bearing."  http://www.cnn.com/2001/LAW/11/columns/fl.dorf.2nd.amendment.11.01/  I hate it when people quote the whole message, but I am going to anway because I think you present some important argument here and I want to make certain that those who see the reply catch the context of the argument.  First off, in Jeffersons papers, as collected at the library of congress, the smitsonian, and other institutions, he uses the term "Bear Arms" a total of 347 times. Of those, only 54 refer to any type of miliatry service, military units, or government service. The remainder refer entirely to individuals. If you look at the commentaries of the constitution at the time, including papers written by the original signers, you will find that the second amendment is discussed in great length by the majority of those people, and in every single case, it is referred to as an individual right, unlimited in scope.  Examples of some qoutes from the founders:  No freeman shall ever be debarred the use of arms.  ---Thomas Jefferson: Draft Virginia Constitution, 1776.  [The Constitution preserves] the advantage of being armed which Americans possess over the people of almost every other nation...(where) the governments are afraid to trust the people with arms. ---James Madison Before a standing army can rule, the people must be disarmed; as they are in almost every kingdom in Europe. The supreme power in America cannot enforce unjust laws by the sword; because the whole body of the people are armed, and constitute a force superior to any band of regular troops that can be, on any pretence, raised in the United States. A military force, at the command of Congress, can execute no laws, but such as the people perceive to be just and constitutional; for they will possess the power, and jealousy will instantly inspire the inclination, to resist the execution of a law which appears to them unjust and oppressive.  ---Noah Webster, An Examination of the Leading Principles of the Federal Constitution (Philadelphia 1787).  [W]hereas, to preserve liberty, it is essential that the whole body of the people always possess arms, and be taught alike, especially when young, how to use them; nor does it follow from this, that all promiscuously must go into actual service on every occasion. The mind that aims at a select militia, must be influenced by a truly anti-republican principle; and when we see many men disposed to practice upon it, whenever they can prevail, no wonder true republicans are for carefully guarding against it.  ---Richard Henry Lee, The Pennsylvania Gazette, Feb. 20, 1788.  [T]he people are not to be disarmed of their weapons. They are left in full possession of them ---Zacharia Johnson   Every single man who signed the constitution maintained a personal arsenal. Over half of those who signed the constitution had CANNONS in their arsenal.   The argument about applying modern speach standards to the second Amendment does bring some interesting points, though. The biggest one is, Does the phrase "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State", mean anything at all? Review of other historical documents at the time, including text books, suggests that it may not be at all central to the right conveyed in the amendment.   This was a writing technique taught and used during the period. There was an introductory clause, then a purpose clause. Many state constitutions contain such wording (will give an example in a second). The purpose clause was NOT to be dependant on the introductory clause. Here is an example from the Rhode Island constitution:  //quote// The liberty of the press being essential to the security of freedom in a state, any person may publish sentiments on any subject, being responsible for the abuse of that liberty  //end quote//  To interpet the above quote the same way the "collective right" proponents interpet the second, you would be forced to find that "any person may publish sentiments on any subject" only insofar as it relates to items which are "essential to the security of freedom in a state". Thus, publishing of items NOT directly "essential to the security of freedom in a state" could be prohibited. Fictional novels, recipe books and non-fiction books which did not meet the criteria of "essential to the security of freedom in a state" could all be outlawed.  Every constitution from the original 13 states carries clauses worded like this. Every publication (newspapers, circulars, etc..), technical writing, and legal commentary recoverd from the time period carried phrases worded in such a manner. It is not unreasonable to assume that the Second Amendment should be interpeted in the same manner as other writings of the time which are identically formed.   Now, I am going to jump around just a bit. Somebody in a previous post made reference to "a militia of one" There is no such thing. The militia is comprised of EVERY american who is physically able to serve between the ages of 17 and 45.  Here is the current militia act: //quote//  (a) The militia of the United States consists of all able-bodied males at least 17 years of age and . . . under 45 years of age who are, or who have made a declaration of intention to become, citizens of the United States and of female citizens of the United States who are members of the National Guard.   (b) The classes of the militia are --    (1) the organized militia, which consists of the National Guard and the Naval Militia; and   (2) the unorganized militia, which consists of the members of the militia who are not members of the National Guard or the Naval Militia.   //end quote//   Here is the militia act of 1792:  //quote// Sec. 1. Be it enacted . . . That each and every free able-bodied white male citizen of the respective states, resident therein, who is or shall be of the age of eighteen years, and under the age of forty-five years (except as is herein after excepted) shall severally and respectively be enrolled in the militia . . . . That every citizen so enrolled and notified, shall, within six months thereafter, provide himself with a good musket or firelock, a sufficient bayonet and belt, two spare flints, and a knapsack, a pouch with a box therein to contain not less than twenty-four cartridges, suited to the bore of his musket or firelock, each cartridge to contain a proper quantity of powder and ball: or with a good rifle, knapsack, shot-pouch and powder-horn, twenty balls suited to the bore of his rifle, and a quarter of a pound of powder. . . .   Sec. 2. [Exempting the Vice President, federal judicial and executive officers, congressmen and congressional officers, custom-house officers and clerks, post-officers and postal stage drivers, ferrymen on post roads, export inspectors, pilots, merchant mariners, and people exempted under the laws of their states //end quote//   So, there is no "militia of one". Even current US law requires that the militia is comprised of EVERYBODY who fits the guidelines set forth in the act. I am part of that militia. You are part of that militia. The only argument that could be made for NOT being part of the militia is if you do not fit the age requirements, you are not able bodied, or you re not a man. Of course, the "not a man" defense would most likely not work, but I suppose you could try arguing it, if you really wanted.
The first part of your post is a quibble over the words Rights and Power.  There really is no reason I know of the quibble about the words, for the following reasons:  1) When a foreigner has met the requirements of the law and wants to become a U.S. Citizen, the foreigner can ask for the government to grant him or her citizenship. If the government approves of the request, that approval  grants you the same rights as any other citizen. So, the government has the right to not approve a request for citizenship. Again, I seen nothing but a semantic debate that is meaningless in this context. As the government can choose to do or not do something, it's no different than the government having the right to choose something and the authority to impose their decision. Whatever words are used here, it's just a meaningless semantic debate about which word you choose to use.  2) The remainder of your argument picks apart a sentence and uses words out of context, and doesn't even mention the most important part of what the object of that sentence is!  The sentence refers to a militia.  The entire sentence essentially says that the government will permit people to posses arms, for the purpose of forming a militia.  That seems to be a pont you kinda overlooked.  As it happens, we've got a militia already, and the government has not prevented keeping the weapons for our militia.  However, you are a private citizen. And the government would be happy for you to bear arms in our militia in Iraq.  Unfortunately, by yourself, you are nothing but an individual. And the 2nd Amendment does not apply to a militia of 1 person.   The Supreme Court refused to debate that case when it was brought to them a few weeks ago.  In the case, the lawyers were going to argue that an organization should be permitted to bear arms (i.e. own guns), but a private citizen is not entiled to do so under the 2nd Amendment, as 1 person is not a militia, but an organization of people can be considered to be a militia.  Rather than read a sentence 2 or 3 words at a time, and loose the entire meaning of it, or omit the reason for the sentence entirely, it would make more sense to discuss what is being said in an entie phrase, rather than as you did.  You totally miss the meaning and history of the Declaration of Independacne and Constitution. The People did not get rights from the government. Nor does did the government give the rights. The People of the United States took those rights named in the Constitution. A Constitution does not give rights, it limits what a government can do to the People.  I am not a militia of 1 person. I am a member of an unregulated militia and so are you. You do not have a choice when you become 18. The government does not permit a militia. The government is PREVENTED from disbanding the militia. That is what the Constitution is all about, it is a document the limits what a government can do.  The driving comparison is not correct. Driving is a priveldge not a right. Rights can only be removed by a judge/jurry or a judge/doctor. For example you only loose your rights when you become a criminal and go to prison or when you become insane. A blind man is neither and has his full rights. Minimimal requirements imposed on citizen for to exercise thier rights are unconstitutional and illegal for full citizens.  Please find better examples than driving and the blind man. Plus as a good citizen it is your duty to tollerate other people who lawfully exercise thier rights. Thus it is your duty to tollerate even blind gun owners who lawfully exercise thier rights.   That is why anti-gunners are comming after YOU. They despise your rights. They think thier privledge is superior to your rights. Anti-gunners do not have the right to live in a gun free society. Living in a gun free society is a priviledge. Thier privlidge is not superiour to my rights. Please also note that the members of the militia provide thier own firearms.
daewoo, you raised an important point i don't disagree iwth. Namely, the definition of a militia at the time that the Constitution was written. Again, I didn't and don't disagree with that definition as it applies to that time, nor what was in the minds of the Founding Fathers. ,   That is the start of message 100, I deleted the rest because it is long. Go back and read it, though, it is well worth your time.   I agree entirely that the constitution is a living document. I disagree with you on the manner in which it changes (or is changed). The constitution contains specific instruction as to how to change it so as to ensure that it always reflects current events. Additions, or ammendments, can be added to the constitution, or removed from the constitution, pursuant to article five, which reads:  //quote// The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, as Part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States, or by Conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State, without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate.  //end quote//  You will note that it does not allow for changes in meaning or content based on perceptual differences in timeline by judges or lawyers. The procedure for modifying the constitution is a difficult one. You need far more than the simple majority that is required to pass a regular law.  Our founders, in their wisdom, did this on purpose. They did this to ensure that before foresaking any freedom or right that is gauranteed in the constitution, people had to think long and hard. This was specifically for the purpose of ensuring that we did not adapt the constitution in such a way as to haphazardly destroy rights today that we may need tommorow.  I think this is especially true of the second amendment. The intention of the founders, after reviewing their papers and other contemporary sources from the period, was unquestionably to guarantee all americans an individual right to posess weapons. It is furthermore entirely clear through historical research that one of the reasons they wished to assure the people held this awsome power was in the event that the government would become tyranical and there would be a need for the population at large to overthrow it. This is alluded to several times in commentaries on the constitution, as well as being the primary topics of several papers by Jefferson.   Many people look at this and say "there is no reason to overthrow the government", and I agree with them entirely. When the constitution was ratified, there was no more reason to overthrow the government than there is today. The british government had just been overthrown, and new government was not "tyranical". They still saw fit to include the provision that all men could be armed.  So, we have established that today, there is no reason to overthrow the government. I believe that our government may be misguided on a few things. I believe that some sectors of our government are corrupt. I do not believe they fit the definition of "tyranical" by a long shot. The government at the time the constitution was written was not "tyranical" either.   The second amendment is every bit as valid today as it was when it was written. The amendment is meant to serve not only as an assurance that the American citizenry would have the power to overthrow thier government if needed, but I think it was included as a reminder to our government that it is entirely subjegated to the will of the people.   I do wish that our founding fathers could have had just a single glimpse of the future. I think it would have changed the way they worded the second amendment. Since the meaning of the second amendment is unequivically explained in their own writings, it seems a little odd that we would have such a problem interpeting it today. It seems as though they could have explained it a little more clearly. I believe that they believed that they HAD explained it clearly. Some of my other posts refer to the actual language of the amendment, including the speech conventions used at the time and the difference between "powers" and "rights" in the eyes of our founders. I will not bore everybody with re-canting the entire thing here.  I think they didn't feel they needed to beat the meaning of the second amendment to death because, as you pointed out in post #100, everybody in that time already had a gun. It was kind of a tradition that boys be given their first rifle (actually most likely a musket) on their thirteenth birthday (usually theri father got a new one, and handed the old one down to the boy). Since guns were generally single shot weapons, most folks kept several of them for defensive purposes. There is an account from one unnamed source from the time that it was common for families that lived in "the wilderness" to be in possesion of up to 30 guns. This allowed the men to fire while the women reloaded.  I think that what the modern anti-gunners are trying to do is short circuit the constitutional process for amendment. To the best of my knowledge, it is universally accepted that when attempting to interpet the constitution, historical research is required. The historical research leaves no question as to the meaning this section of the constitution.   The proper thing to do if one wishes to remove the rights guaranteed by the second amendment, is to repeal it, not for politically alinged judges to make rulings based on politics and ignoring all historical evidence to the contrary. If people do not like the right as recognised by the second, they should CHANGE the recognised right. This can be done, and it is how our constitution requires that it be done.  Now, a word on gun control.   I have no problem with certain types of gun control. I do not think that felons should be allowed to have guns. Felons are not allowed to vote, or to hold public office, why shoudl their right to bear arms be especially protected? I think instant background checks are a fine idea.  The problem I see, is that te instant background checks are NOT instant and are NOT keeping felons from obtaining guns. Somebody is certain to post the ATF numbers (or numbers from somewhere else) that show the numbers of "felons" who were kept from purchasing guns.  I would urge you to contact whatever agency you obtained your report form and request the raw data for their report. The only place the data can actually be gotten is either the ATF or the DOJ. I have not reviewed the raw data for a while as the ATF charges quite handsomly for copies, you have to fill out a plethra of FOA forms, and pay for shipping. The raw data came (in 2000) in 14 file boxes, stuffed full with copies at (if I remember correctly) 8 cents per page. this was not a cheap project.  What I found when doing my own number crunching is that while popular sources, including some law enforcement agencies and some of the more popular gun control groups, cited MILLIONS of felons being refused the ability to purchase a firearm, the actual numbaer was MUCH lower. From the inception of the brady bill to the end of the Clinton presidence, there were less than 10 people actually charged with attempting to purchase a firearm.  What happened to the millions of other guys? Why didn't we prosocute them? Because in the vast majority of cases, they had done nothing wrong. The great big numbers people keep seeing posted are NOT the number of felons who tried to purchase guns. The numbers you have seen are usually based on the TOTAL number of rejections. The vast majority of those rejections are based on incomplete or incorrectly completed paperwork.   Several of the rejections that were made basd on the criminal check were NOT due to felony convictions, but to municipal warrants, often issued in other states. How do you get a municipal warrant issued? In every one of the cases, it was unsatisfied traffic tickets or parking tickets, most of them several years old. In every single case of people with warrants that was investigated, it was found by the investigators that it was likely that the individual had no idea there was a warrant out there.  In all those millions of rejections, less than 1.4% of the people actually were restriceted form getting a gun. The rest either appealed the decision and were cleared, or went back and paid their old speeding ticket and reapplied.  My argument against the "instant" background check is that they cost millions a year, and they don't work. The number of people who are actually prohibited form purchasing a gun is pathetically small. Watching the news, though, it seems that these felons are still getting their guns. I know how.  A while back I wanted to get my wife a handgun. My personal preference is a 1911A1 customised with a bobbed hammer and a beavertail grip (so the hammer doesn't cut a groove in your hand). My wife wanted something smaller. I wanted to get her an H&K 9mm. The particular model I wanted was $1200. I was complaining about this to a friend and he said "I know a guy...." I went with him to see his "guy" and bought a pre-ban H&K 9mm, new in box, with 3 hi-cap mags, never fired, for $450. The guys told me "this gun is not on any import list, it has never been registered anywhere, it is entirely untracable".  I screwed up the whole "untracable" thing by asking one of our local sheriffs deputies to run the serial number for me (wife would have been REALLY upset if later something had happened and the police ran the numbers and said "this gun was used to kill 25 cops in miami". The gun came back "no history" no information at all was available for it.  Now, I would challenge any anti gunner to answer me this----  Why would a felon try to buy a gun at a gun store, background check or not, if they can buy a brand new, untracable weapon from "alternative channels" for a quarter the price?  As long as these "alternative channels" exist, the largest result of the background checks is that we are spending millions of dollars a year to help cities collect unpaid traffic tickets from potential gun buyers. Where is the logic in this?  If we could at least close our borders down to the point that millions of illegal aliens, and hundreds of tons of drugs are pouring across our borders each year, MAYBE we could do something constructive to keep guns out of the hands of criminals. Until then, more restrictive gun laws are just an annoyance to law abiding citizens. They are just in place to make the anti ginners feel like they have done something constructive when in reality they have done NOTHING.  And the assault weapon ban........I will sum that up with one question. When was the last time you heard of a crime employing a bayonet? I have never heard of one. We still have to spend millions funding enforcement efforts for that piece of legislative trash. If you break down the number of assault weapons used in crimes, and then further break that number down to reflect the leaglly posessed assault weapons used in crimes, it becomes immediatly apparent that the assault weapon ban is a solution in search of a problem.
That is the start of message 100, I deleted the rest because it is long. Go back and read it, though, it is well worth your time.   I agree entirely that the constitution is a living document. I disagree with you on the manner in which it changes (or is changed). The constitution contains specific instruction as to how to change it so as to ensure that it always reflects current events. Additions, or ammendments, can be added to the constitution, or removed from the constitution, pursuant to article five, which reads: .  The anti-gunners could careless about Constitutional due process. They just want your rights to be gone in any way possible.  "You don't need a legislative majority to file a lawsuit," proclaims Elisa Barnes  http://www.manhattan-institute.org/html/_wsj-plaintiffs_lawyers_take_a.htm  You forget you are dealing with people who don't care about democracy, they just want thier way. Please also see the signature.  Guns and government? Please read the Federalist Papers. These discussions are a cornerstone of how citizenship, government, democracy, and the republic actually work. The hard won lessons are YES we do need to have guns to keep a standing army and tyranical government in check.  http://federalistpapers.com/
I don't know if I would agree that all these folks just want to trample our rights and ignore the constitution. Many people who argue the "collective rights" theory just don't know any better. I think this is due to the measured propoganda of some of the anti gun zealots. Take a look at http://www1.law.ucla.edu/~volokh/ He is a constitutional law professor from UCLA. He is one of my favorites to cite, since he is a "convert" from the collective rights theory. Read his testemony to congress regarding the issue.  Basically, he had always believed the collective rights theory because that is what he was taught in law school. He ended up having to research it for a class he was scheduled to teach. To his surprise, the view was wholly insupportable when researched using widely accepted research practices for dealing with constitutional law. A lot of his papers are available at the above link, you can find more by doing a search for " Eugene Volokh ".  Guy like him are important to have on our side. It has been stated by a few that Eugene will have a bigger impact on the future of gun rights than the NRA. His classes are required coursework, which means that a whole new generation of lawyers, thousands each year, come out of UCLA knowing beyond a doubt that the second amendment is an individual right. Someday, these lawyers will grow up to be judges, who will know beyond a doubt that the second amendment is an individual right.  It is nearly impossible to change sombodies mind once it is set, especially on some of the gun issues where, in some cases, the anti-gunners views are so contrary to common sense that it is sad.  You can roll up here, though, and have a lively debate, which is always fun. I do sometimes hope that some of the casual viewers of sites like this (like the 8th grade gentleman who was here the other day) might be swayed by a rational, well concieved argument backed up by solid facts and numbers.   My last post was directed at Treat2. He is not an anti gunner, he has stated on multiple occasions that he is a gun owner. We were simply having a philisophical discussion on to what extent the constitution is a living document.
Interpretations are only valid by a federal court, whether we like it or not. This won't go to the Supreme Court as they are too frightened of the implications. Me, I'm satisfied with the way things are, and I feel safe in saying that. It is a dangerous world, and if I protect myself and my family the way I see fit, this debate will go on and it won't concern me.I've noticed that there seem to be three basic interpretations of the second amendment.   1) The second amendment protects a collective right to bear arms. This is the position that has been taken by most of the lower federal courts in recent decades.   2) The second amendment protects a limited individual right. Individuals have a right to bear arms, but this right can be subject to reasonable restrictions and limitations in the interest of the common good. Such restrictions commonly include waiting periods, the banning of machine guns, gun registration and licensing. Attorney General John Ashcroft, for example, says that the second amendment protects an individual right to bear arms, but he has also stated that he supports the extension of the Federal Assault Weapons Ban.   3) The second amendment protects an unlimited right to bear arms for adult, law-abiding citizens.
I agree and disagree with you, ramjet. Interpetation of the law is the perogotive of federal courts. Constitutional interpetation ahs always been reserved for the supreme court. I do agree that they just refuse to hear the case because they don't want to get into the middle of things.  I use a legal advisor occasionally who is a retired federal judge. I have asked him about why the supreme court doesn't want to take the case. He claims that it is just so politically charged that they are afraid of the consequesnces. I spoke with him earlier today about the 9th circuits decision, and it is he who pointed out that they dodged the bullet completely. What they found was that none of the plantifs had cause to request relief from the court. He said that the "DC residents don't have the same rights as others" adn the whole second amendment analysis (whihc is actually as odds with rulings from the majority of the judicial circuits) was a political ploy.   There are now 3 districts that have implicitly said that the second gives a "collective" right. They are directly in contrast with a half dozen districts that claim it is an individual rigt (also in contrast to the MILLER fiunding by the supreme court). In theory, this would nearly force the supreme court to consider a Second Amendment case.  AThe part I disagree with, is that all that matters is how the courts rule. The second amendment says that is NOT all that matters.
 So if you're part of the militia spoken of in the Constitution who is your commanding officer and how often to do you receive training from the state you live in?  I belong to the CMP. The government gives me weapons and ammo to train at a discount.  http://www.odcmp.com/about_us.htm  Commanding officer is a retired general.  That is besides the point. All citizens of age who do not belong to an organized militia fall under the unorganized militia. I claim membership in the unorganized militia ahead of the organized militia. If YOU do not belong to the organized militia, YOU are in the unorganized one.
So you're "a member of an unregulated militia"? In contrast, the second amendment refers to a "well regulated militia". So you aren't part of the militia referred to in the second amemdment. And you are right that you're not a militia of one person.   "Gun advocates claim that the 'right of the people' to keep and bear arms is distributive, the right of every individual taken singly. It has that sense in, for instance, the Fourth Amendment ('the right of the people to be secure in their persons'):But the militia as 'the people' was always the populus armatus, in the corporate sense (one cannot be a one-person militia; one must be formed into groups). Thus Trenchard calls the militia 'the people' even though as we have seen, the groups he thought of were far from universal. 51 The militia literature often refers to 'the great body of the people' as forming the militia, and body (corpus) is a necessarily corporate term. The great body means 'the larger portion or sector of' (OED, "great," 8:c). This usage came from concepts like 'sovereignty is in the people.' This does not mean that every individual is his or her own sovereign. When the American people revolted against England, there were loyalists, hold-outs, pacifists who did not join the revolution. Yet Americans claimed that the 'whole people' rose, as Madison wrote in the Federalist, since the connection with body makes 'whole' retain its original, its etymological sense- wholesome, hale, sound (sanus). The whole people is the corpus sanum, what Madison calls 'the people at large.' 52 Thus 'the people' form militias though not every individual is included in them." http://www.potomac-inc.org/garwills.html  Your concept of a militia is not a militia. It is a standing army. The militia and standing army are two different things. Yes by an act of Congress I am in the militia. You idea of the unarmed civilians falls into line if you expect the militia to fight with kitchen knives.  If civilians then do not own guns. Then I want full auto machine guns of large and small calibur, I want mortars, I want anti-tank guns, Stingers, and and land mines stored at every hospital, school, church, police station, and city hall so the civilians have access to them when called upon.   The militia is clearly NOT to be regulated and organized by the Federal governemnt. So then who gets the guns? They have to be nearby and accessible. That is why they have always been in peoples homes.
I think this analysis is essentially correct. Where is the line drawn though. Do we let citizens own The M1 Abrams?  Tanks are legal to own. The question "Do we let" is already answered. It is "YES".
And are the shells they fire legal to own? What about legal to drive them to the grocery store loaded with shells?  You are making a mockery of the 2nd Amendment. You know the answer.
"The Congress shall have Power To.... To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress;" (Article 1 Section 8) You claim that a militia is "is clearly NOT to be regulated and organized by the Federal governemnt" yet the US Constitution clearly grants Congress the power "To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia"  Do you remember the DOJ study you brought to me as proof that gun control works? You forgot to read the conclusions didn't you? After your own proof showed you that you were wrong you still haven't changed your mind haven't you?  Do you know the difference between judical opinion and judicial decision? You keep bringing me judical opinion as proof that I have no right to own a gun. Judical decion is the ONLY thing that matters, judical opinion is fluff.  Just like the DOJ study and your judical opinions, you conviently forgot the quote the important part of the 2nd Amendment.  Here is the entire text:  "A well-regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed."  A well-regulated milita is necessary for the security of a free state.   I do not have to be part of the militia to bear arms. The militia portion is about the security of a free state, not a requirement to bear arms.  It is also a warning to anti-gunners. When you mess with the 2nd Amendment your are messing with the security of our freedoms.  The 18th Amendment says it is illegal to drink liquor. The 21th Amendment superceeds to older text of the Constitution.  Article 1 section 8 is the older part of the Constitution. It is superceeded by the 2nd Amendment. Congress no longer has the right to infringe on the right to bear arms.  I do not have to be part of an orgainized militia to own guns. The 2nd Amendment is very clear, it is not a requirement to bear arms. The militia is a requirment of for the security of a free state, not to bear arms. Yes the 2nd amendment is meant for the militia, the militia is not a necessary requirment. The militia is supported by the right to bear arms, not the other way around. As a militia memember both organized and unorganzied, my right to bear arms is guaranteed to not be infringed, the same for even citizens who are not in the militia. The right to bear arms exists as a right unto itself.  If you use the "militia" portion of the text, your position makes no sense: "A well-regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state"  "the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed." is totally clear.  The militia portion of the text is equalivant of fluf just like judical opinion.
Never the less, the analogy is excellent, and clarifies exactly my point. My personal view of why the Founding Father omitted the few words: "for any legitimate purpose", from the 2nd Amendment is that they did not envision a world without guns, as we now have, nor did they envision the need to expand the 2nd Amendment to include a Right to something as commonplace as guns were. In short, I personally believe that they  "gooffed up", when the wrote the 2nd Amendment, because they mentioned arms, and specifically isolated the Right to keep and bear arms to a single purpose.   My thinking is that they DID INTEND to specifically ISOLATE AND CLEARLY state that an individual's right to keep and bear arms for a militia to keep a Free State was to ensure that people could form small disorganized units, if needed, to ward off, an invasion.  What the Founding Fathers did NOT REALIZE is that in writing the  2nd Amendment using the language that they did, and having specifically limited the Right to keep and bear arms for the purpose of a militia, that they excluded any other purpose for keeping arms!   The mistake was not realized until today, because it is only now, that voilent incidents with guns reached epidemic levels and people have been thinking of and coming up with ways to either ban or limit the private ownership of guns.  In a way, it is ironic that an Amendment that was intended to ensure a Right to keep arms is the very Amendment that can be used to ban Arms, because of what the Founding Fathers had in mind when they wrote the 2nd Amendment. They clearly were not talking about hunting, or anything like that, and being that there intention was single-minded (just for a militia), it can be clearly stated that the Founding Fathers did not have ANY OTHER purpose in mind when they wrote the 2nd Amendment. Ironic.    This would ignore the words of the founding fathers themselves to make up this lunatic fringe position. Here is where your land of make believe hits a brick wall:  GEORGE WASHINGTON (First President)  "Firearms stand next in importance to the Constitution itself. They are the people's liberty teeth keystone... the rifle and the pistol are equally indispensable... more than 99% of them by their silence indicate that they are in safe and sane hands. The very atmosphere of firearms everywhere restrains evil interference. When firearms go, all goes, we need them every hour." (Address to 1st session of Congress)    THOMAS JEFFERSON (Author of Declaration of Independence, member Continental Congress, Governor of Virginia, Minister to France, Secretary of State, Vice President, 3rd President )   "On every question of construction (of the Constitution) let us carry ourselves back to the time when the Constitution was adopted, recollect the spirit manifested in the debates, and instead of trying what meaning may be squeezed out of the text, or invented against it, conform to the probable one in which it was passed." 12 Jun 1823 (The Complete Jefferson p.32)  "No free man shall ever be debarred the use of arms." (Jefferson Papers, p. 334, C.J. Boyd, 1950)   NOTE!:"The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in government." (Thomas Jefferson Papers p. 334, 1950)   "And what country can preserve its liberties, if its rulers are not warned from time to time, that this people preserve the spirit of resistance? Let them take arms...The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time, with the blood of patriots and tyrants." Letter to William S. Smith 13 Nov 1787 (Jefferson, On Democracy p. 20, 1939; Padover, editor)   "The few cases wherein these things (proposed Bill of Rights) may do evil, cannot be weighed against the multitude where the want of them will do evil...I hope therefore a bill of rights will be formed to guard the people against the federal government..." (letter to Madison 31 July 1788, The Papers of James Madison, Hobson & Rutland, p.11:212)   NOTE!:"I have a right to nothing which another has a right to take away." (letter to Uriah Forrest, 1787, Jefferson Papers, 12:477)   "Rightful liberty is unobstructed action according to our will within limits drawn around us by the equal rights of others. I do not add 'within the limits of the law,' because law is often but the tyrant's will, and always so when it violates the rights of the individual." (letter to Isaac Tifany, 1819)    GEORGE MASON (Virginia House of Burgesses, Virginia delegate to Constitutional Convention, wrote Virginia Declaration of Rights, wrote "Objections to the Constitution", urged creation of a Bill of Rights)   "I ask, Who are the militia? They consist now of the whole people, except a few public officers." (Jonathan Elliot, The Debates of the Several State Conventions on the Adoption of the Federal Constitution, [NY: Burt Franklin,1888] p.425-6)   "Forty years ago, when the resolution of enslaving America was formed in Great Britain, the British Parliament was advised...to disarm the people; that it was the best and most effectual way to enslave them; but that they should not do it openly, but weaken them, and let them sink gradually, by totally disusing and neglecting the militia..." (In Virginia's Ratifying Convention, Elliot p.3:379-380)   "The militia may be here destroyed by that method which has been practiced in other parts of the world before; that is, by rendering them useless - by disarming them." (Elliot, p. 3:379-80)   "I consider and fear the natural propensity of rulers to oppress the people. I wish only to prevent them from doing evil." (In Virginia's Ratifying Convention, Elliot p.3:381)    JOHN ADAMS (Signed Declaration of Independence, Continental Congress delegate, 1st Vice President, 2nd President)   NOTE!:"Arms in the hands of citizens (may) be used at individual discretion...in private self-defense..." 1788(A Defense of the Constitution of the Government of the USA, p.471)   JAMES MONROE (Served in Revolutionary Army, member Continental Congress, Governor of Virginia, U.S. Secretary of State, Secretary of War, 5th President)   "But it ought always be held prominently in view that the safety of these States and of everything dear to a free people must depend in an eminent degree on the militia." (his first Inaugural Address, 1817)    SAM ADAMS (Signed Declaration of Independence, organized the Sons of Liberty, participated in Boston Tea Party, Member of Continental Congress, Governor of Massachusetts)   "And that the said Constitution be never construed to authorize Congress to infringe the just liberty of the press, or the right of conscience; or to prevent the people of the United States, who are peaceable citizens, from keeping their own arms; ...or to prevent the people from petitioning , in a peaceable and orderly manner; or to subject the people to unreasonable searches and seizures of their persons, papers or possessions." (Debates of the Massachusetts Convention of 1788, p86-87)    JAMES MADISON (Drafted Virginia Constitution, Member of Continental Congress, Virginia delegate to Constitutional Convention, named "Father of the Constitution", author of Federalist Papers, author of the Bill of Rights, Congressman from Virginia, Secretary of State, 4th President)   "Besides the advantage of being armed, which the Americans possess over the people of almost every other nation.. (where) ..the governments are afraid to trust the people with arms." (Federalist Papers #46)   "I believe there are more instances of the abridgment of freedom of the people by gradual and silent encroachments of those in power than by violent and sudden usurpations."   "They [proposed Bill of Rights] relate 1st. to private rights....the great object in view is to limit and qualify the powers of government..." 8 June 1789 (The Papers of James Madison, Hobson & Rutland, 12:193, 204)   "To these (federal troops attempting to impose tyranny) would be opposed a militia amounting to near half a million of citizens with arms in their hands." (Federalist Papers #46)   RICHARD HENRY LEE (Signed Declaration of Independence, introduced resolution in Continental Congress to become independent, proposed Bill of Rights from beginning, author of Anti-Fed Papers, Congressman and Senator from Virginia)  "A militia, when properly formed, are in fact the people themselves...and include all men capable of bearing arms." 1788 (Federal Farmer, p.169)   "To preserve liberty it is essential that the whole body of the people always possess arms and be taught alike, especially when young, how to use them..." 1788 (Federal Farmer)   "No free government was ever founded, or ever preserved its liberty, without uniting the characters of the citizen and soldier in those destined for the defense of the state... Such are a well regulated militia, composed of the freeholders, citizens and husbandman, who take up arms to preserve their property, as individuals, and their rights as freemen."   PATRICK HENRY ('Liberty or Death' Speech, member of Continental Congress, Governor of Virginia, member Virginia convention to ratify U.S. Constitution, urged creation of Bill of Rights for Constitution )  "The great object is, that every man be armed.... Every one who is able may have a gun." (Elliot p.3:386)   Pay attention!:"Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. Unfortunately, nothing will preserve it but downright force. Whenever you give up that force, you are inevitably ruined." During Virginia Ratification Convention 1788 (Elliot p.3:45)   "I am not well versed in history, but I will submit to your recollection, whether liberty has been destroyed most often by the licentiousness of the people, or by the tyranny of rulers. I imagine, sir, you will find the balance on the side of tyranny." (Elliot P.3:74)   "My great objection to this government is, that it does not leave us the means of defending our rights, or of waging wars against tyrants." (Elliot, 3:47-48; in Virginia Ratifying Convention, before Bill of Rights)   "O sir, we should have fine times, indeed, if, to punish tyrants, it were only sufficient to assemble the people! Your arms, wherewith you could defend yourselves, are gone..." (Elliot p.3:50-52, in Virginia Ratifying Convention demanding a guarantee of the right to bear arms.)   BEN FRANKLIN (member, Continental Congress, signed Declaration of Independence, attended Constitutional Convention, 1st Postmaster General)   "Those who would give up essential Liberty to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety." (Respectfully Quoted, p. 201, Suzy Platt, Barnes & Noble, 1993)   NOAH WEBSTER (Served in Revolutionary Army, Printed dictionary; a federalist)  "Before a standing army can rule, the people must be disarmed; as they are in almost every kingdom in Europe. The supreme power in America cannot enforce unjust laws by the sword; because the whole body of the people are armed...." (An Examination of the Leading Principles of the Federal Constitution, Webster1787)   "A people can never be deprived of their liberties, while they retain in their own hands, a power sufficient to any other power in the state." (Webster, p.42-43)   ALEXANDER HAMILTON (Member of Continental Congress, Aid-de-camp to General Washington, commanded forces at Yorktown, New York delegate to the Constitutional Convention, wrote Federalist Papers, 1st Secretary of Treasury for George Washington, wanted 'President for life')   "Little more can reasonably be aimed at with respect to the people at large than to have them properly armed and equipped." (Federalist Papers #29)    TENCH COXE (friend of Madison, member of Continental Congress)  "Who are the militia? Are they not ourselves. Congress have no power to disarm the militia. Their swords, and every other terrible implement of the soldier, are the birth-right of an American...(T)he unlimited power of the sword is not in the hands of either the federal or state governments, but, where I trust in God it will ever remain, in the hands of the people." (Freeman's Journal, 20 Feb 1778)   "As civil rulers, not having their duty to the people duly before them, may attempt to tyrannize, and as the military forces which must be occasionally raised to defend our country, might pervert their power to the injury of their fellow-citizens, the people are confirmed by the next article in their right to keep and bear their private arms." (introduction to his discussion, and support, of the 2nd Amend) "Remarks on the First Part of the Amendments to the Federal Constitution" Philadelphia Federal Gazette, 18 June 1789, pg.2  "The militia, who are in fact the effective part of the people at large, ...will form a powerful check upon the regular troops..." (Coxe, An Examination of the Constitution of the United States of America p.20-21)  REPRESENTATIVE WILLIAMSON (member of the first Congress of the United States)   "The burden of the militia duty lies equally upon all persons;" in Congress, 22 Dec 1790 (Elliot, p423)   WILLIAM GRAYSON (Senator from Virginia in first Congress under the United States Constitution)   "Last Monday a string of amendments were presented to the lower house; these altogether respect personal liberty..." (in letter to Patrick Henry)   ZACHARIA JOHNSON (delegate to Virginia Ratifying Convention)   "The people are not to be disarmed of their weapons. They are left in full possession of them." (Elliot, 3:645-6)       So you see that not only are you completley wrong it is apparent that either 1. you are blissfully ignorant of the facts or you are less than honest when putting your "facts" forth.
Lets see who disagrees with 1. The constitution. 2. The founding fathers. 3. Rational logical "reasonable" thought.  BRITISH MAJOR JOHN PITCAIRN (Commander of Advance Guard of British forces marching to Concord, MA)   "Disperse you rebels; damn you, throw down your arms and disperse." (order to American militiamen at Lexington, 1775)  BILL CLINTON (President of the United States)   "We can't be so fixated on our desire to preserve the rights of ordinary Americans to legitimately own handguns and rifles...that we are unable to think about reality." (USA Today, 11 March 93, pg. 2A)   "The last time I checked, the Constitution said 'of the people, by the people and for the people'. That's what the Declaration of Independence says." Reuters News Agency ([Editor's note: actually those words are in neither of those documents, but part of The Gettysburg Address by Abraham Lincoln]  "I don't think the American people are there right now. But with more than 200 million guns in circulation, we've got so much more to do on this issue before we even reach that. I don't think that's an option now. But there are certain kinds of guns that can be banned and a lot of other reasonable regulations that can be imposed." when asked of the possibility of a federal law banning handguns, interview in Rolling Stone magazine, 9 Dec 93, pg. 45  "We've banned these guns ['assault' weapons] because you don't need an Uzi to go deer hunting, and everyone knows it." Weekly radio address, 15 Nov 97, the Roosevelt Room, the White House   JOSE CERDA (White House official)  "We are taking the law and bending it as far as we can to capture a whole new class of guns [to ban]" (Los Angeles Times, 22 Oct 97, Mr. Cerda was named as a "White House official who specializes in gun control.")   RONNIE EDLEMAN (Department of Justice, Clinton Administration)   "The current state of federal law does not recognize that the Second Amendment protects the right of private citizens to possess firearms of any type. Instead, the Second Amendment is deemed to be a collective right belonging to the state and not to an individual. Accordingly, the Second Amendment is interpreted by this administration as prohibiting the federal government from preventing a state government from forming or having a state recognized militia force. With this understanding in mind, the source of citizens' authority to possess a handgun has never been particularly identified in American law." In a letter written on behalf of President Clinton   So everyone in 1776 was wrong and this Jacka$$ of a lawyer is trying to bottom feed around it...   JANET RENO (U.S. Attorney General)   "Gun registration is not enough." (Associated Press 10 Dec 93)  "I've always proposed state licensing...with some federal standards." (ABC's "Good Morning America" 10 Dec 93)   "[Assault weapons] are used on school yards, at airports, in bank lobbies, on trains, in traffic and in front of the White House. They have no legitimate sporting purpose, and you won't find them in a duck blind or at the Olympics." (The Washington Times, 22 March 96, A4)   "What we have got to do is make sure that before a person possesses a gun, they have exhibited by test that they know how to safely and lawfully use the weapon and by experience that they are capable of doing that." (Associated Press, 29 Mar 99)   JOYCELYN ELDERS (Former U.S. Surgeon General) ...on gun ownership  "I want to make it as hard as possible. Gun owners would have to be evaluated by how they scored on written and firing tests, and have to pass the tests in order to own a gun. And I would tax the guns, bullets and the license itself very heavily." (Mother Jones magazine, Jan/Feb '94)   [i]Ah what a wonderful liberty minded individual... Lets see who else is in this boat shall we...[/b]  FIDEL CASTRO  "Armas para que?" ("Guns, for what?") (response to a Cuban citizens who said the people might need to keep their guns, after Castro announced strict gun control in Cuba)   JOSEPH McNAMARA (Police Chief, San Jose, CA)   "I have made it considerably tougher for residents to get handgun permits." (in his book Safe and Sane, 1984)   [/b]DANIEL PATRICK MOYNIHAN (U.S. Senator)[/b]  NOTE!:"...we could tax them [firearms] out of existence." (Washington Post 4 Nov 93)  [i]He knows its unconsitutional so lets slime another way[i/]   MAJOR OWENS (U.S. Congressman)  "My bill...establishes a 6-month grace period for the turning in of handguns." (Congressional Record 10 Nov 93)   [i]Why yes senata.. You shall have yours in the 6 month time frame.... Bullets first! MOLON LABE! emoticon_xkill   "The second article of amendment (Second Amendment) to the Constitution of the United States is repealed." (U.S. House Joint Resolution 438 introduced 11 March 1992 by Congressman Owens, D-NY)   [i]Why yes senata why not change the bill of rights to server your own political agenda "We the People" who have fought for liberty and justice for almost 230 years would swallow that pill you traitor" [/b]   DIANE FEINSTEIN (California Senator, author of "Feinstein Amendment" which became the '94 gun ban)   "If I could have gotten 51 votes in the Senate of the United States for an outright ban, picking up every one of them 'Mr. and Mrs. America, turn 'em all in,' I would have done it." (60 Minutes episode, CBS) [Sen Feinstein holds a CCP]   [i]And yet you say you are not for a total gun ban.... WHICH IS IT![/b]  MEL REYNOLDS (U.S. Congressman)   "If it were up to me, we'd ban them all [firearms]." (CNN Crossfire 9 Dec 93)   PATRICK KENNEDY (U.S. Congressman, R.I.)   "Kennedy said he favors an outright ban on handguns, but doubts its palatability in the current political climate." (Providence Journal, 4 Jan 99)  NELSON T. (PETE) SHIELDS III (Founder, Handgun Control, Inc./National Council to Control Handguns)   "We're going to have to take this one step at a time, and the first step is necessarily - given the political realities - going to be very modest. Right now, though, we'd be satisfied not with half a loaf but with a slice. Our ultimate goal - total control of all guns - is going to take time.....The final problem is to make the possession of all handguns and all handgun ammunition - except for the military, policemen, licensed security guards, licensed sporting clubs and licensed gun collectors - totally illegal." (New Yorker Magazine, p.57-58, 26 Jul 76)   SARAH BRADY (Chairman, Handgun Control, Inc.)   NOTE!"There is no personal right to be armed for private purposes unrelated to the service in a well regulated militia." (Richmond Times-Dispatch, 6 June 97, pg. 6)   And you crow about 'reasonable' gun control... Well your dark mistress of opression has made her position clear hasn't she?  "We have a tremendous opportunity to take a giant leap forward in our fight to require gun licensing in this country if Initiative 676 succeeds, there's no question but that we will have created enormous momentum for a national gun licensing law." (HCI fund-raising letter, Oct 97, speaking of Initiative 676 in WA)   "I don't believe gun owners have rights. The Second Amendment has never been interpreted that way and every court case that's ever come down has shown that." ("Guns in America: Part III", Hearst Newspaper 1997, By Holly Yeager)   [i]You wouldn't believe it if all the facts were right in front of your face! (they are, you don't!)]/i]  JOSH SUGARMANN (Executive Director, Violence Policy Center; former Communications Director of the National Coalition to Ban Handguns)  "To end the crisis [of gun violence], we have to regulate -or, in the case of handguns and assault weapons, completely ban -the product. We are far past the [point] where registration, licensing, safety training, background checks, or waiting periods will have much effect on firearms violence." (Mother Jones Magazine, Jan/Feb 94, article titled "Reverse Fire")   "I see your true colors, shining through...."  "Under such a plan (proposed by Sugarmann, where ATF would have total say on legality of guns) would result in an immediate ban on the future production and sale of handguns and assault weapons" (Mother Jones Magazine, Jan/Feb 94, article titled "Reverse Fire")   "the semiautomatic weapons' menacing looks, coupled with the public's confusion ..[that] anything that looks like a machine gun is assumed to be a machine gun - can only increase the chance of public support for restrictions on these weapons." ("Assault Weapons and Accessories in America"  [Washington, DC Education Fund to End Handgun Violence and New Right Watch] Sep 88, p. 26)   Gee why not play up on hyped up fearmongering... When the truth of your motives won't do then fearmongering is the ticket   SUSAN GLICK (Spokesperson for the Violence Policy Center)   "We endorse a handgun ban. I will tell you that right now. We absolutely endorse that ban and we are absolutely vocal about it." [answering: "What is your ultimate goal?"] (Talk Show Front Page on WVLK AM 590, Lexington, KY, 3 Dec 97)   Another gun-hater, liberty hater, opresser  DR. ARTHUR KELLERMAN (Published 1986 "study" discouraging people from using guns for self defense)  "If you've got to resist [an attacker], your chances of being hurt are less the more lethal your weapon. If that were my wife, would I want her to have a .38 Special in her hand? Yeah." (Health magazine, Mar/Apr 94 )   MICHAEL GARTNER ( President NBC News)   "There is no reason for anyone in this country, anyone except a police officer or military person to buy, to own, to have, to use a handgun." (USA Today 16 Jan 92)   USA Today Newspaper Articles  "We will never fully solve our nation's horrific problem of gun violence unless we ban the manufacture and sale of handguns and semi-automatic assault weapons." 29 Dec 93   "A bill requiring all handguns to be given to the government will be introduced Tuesday by Sen. John Chafee." 1 Jun 92   LOS ANGELAS TIMES Newspaper Article  "Why should America adopt a policy of near-zero tolerance for private gun ownership?...who can still argue compellingly that Americans can be trusted to handle guns safely? We think the time has come for Americans to tell the truth about guns. They are not for us, we cannot handle them." 28 Dec 93  CHARLES KRAUTHAMMER (Syndicated columnist)   "The claim of the advocates that banning these 19 types of 'assault weapons' will reduce the crime rate is laughable...Ultimately, a civilized society must disarm its citizenry if it is to have a modicum of domestic tranquillity...Passing a law like the assault weapons ban is a symbolic -- purely symbolic move in that direction. Its only real justification is not to reduce crime but to desensitize the public to the regulation of weapons in preparation for their ultimate confiscation...De-escalation begins with a change in mentality. And that change in mentality starts with the symbolic yielding of certain types of weapons. The real steps, like the banning of handguns, will never occur unless this one is taken first, and even then not for decades. (The Washington Post, 5 April 1996)   WILLIAM GREIDER (writer, Rolling Stone magazine)  "The plain fact is that the United States is now hostage to a harrowing epidemic of gun violence, and the Brady bill won't do much to change that. The National Rifle Association has been saying this all along, and the NRA is right. The NRA has also argued that a waiting period won't prevent criminals from getting guns. And it's right about that, too. Enactment of the Brady bill will, however, represent a victory of some political significance - a visible defeat for the tenacious lobbying power of the NRA. Thus the limited scope of the Brady bill was justified as a necessary first step toward breaking the NRA's power - a way to demonstrate that politicians could support a moderate version of control and survive." (Rolling Stone, article entitled: "A Pistol-whipped Nation - Pass the Brady Bill - then ban handguns", 30 Sep 93, pg. 31)   CHARLES MORGAN (Director, American Civil Liberties Union, Washington, D.C. office)   "I have not one doubt, even if I am in agreement with the National Rifle Association, that that kind of record keeping procedure (gun registration) is the first step to eventual confiscation under one administration or another" in a 1975 hearing before the House Subcommittee on Crime   CARL ROWAN (Washington, DC Syndicated Columnist)   "We must reverse this psychology (of needing guns for home defense). We can do it by passing a law that says anyone found in possession of a handgun except a legitimate officer of the law goes to jail- period! (1981 article)   "as long as authorities leave this society awash in drugs and guns, I will protect my family." (1988 article titled "At Least They're Not Writing My Obituary", after shooting an unarmed trespasser with an unregistered handgun)   DR. JOYCE BROTHERS (Psychiatrist, TV personality)  NOTE!:"Men possess handguns in order to compensate for sexual dysfunction." [her husband is among NYC elite that has been issued a permit to carry a concealed handgun]    SYLVESTER STALLONE (Actor)   "The only way to make America safe: go house to house and confiscate every gun." (Access Hollywood, 8 June 98)   MIKE SEELY (Spokesman for Washington Citizens for Handgun Safety, gun control lobby group pushing I-676, a gun licensing law)  "Their movement [2nd Amendment supporters] is so well grounded in the Constitution, it's 200 years old. Our movement is probably 20 years from reaching its peak." (Reuters)   "Maybe we brought out the extremist vote with this one." (The News Tribune, Tacoma, WA 6 Nov 97, after their ballot measure requiring gun licenses was defeated 71% - 29%)   NAZI LAW (Regulations Against Jews' Possession of Weapons, 11 Nov 1938, German Minister of the Interior)   "Those now possessing weapons and ammunition are at once to turn them over to the local police authority. Firearms and ammunition found in a Jew's possession will be forfeited to the government without compensation Whoever willfully or negligently violates the provisions will be punished with imprisonment and a fine."       VoR you keep saying that your for reasonable gun control but yet all your false idols keep chiming in here on a TOTAL gun ban, government confiscation, and allowing elitists to continue to carry. Why are you not up front with your position? At least the Nazis were up front about thiers...   MOLON LABE
I am not making a mockery of the second ammendment (and so what if I am. Isn't free speech on the first ammendment?). I am actually asking a legitimate question and have yet to have it answered. WHERE DO WE DRAW THE LINE? The second ammendment sheds no light on this. If I was mocking anything it was that you were dodging the question because you want to say no limits although in face of something so obvious you are embarrassed at such a statement.   I am for NO LIMITS. (cept for felons and adjudicated crazies which loose thier constitutional rights anyway). It is the other side that won't outright say I am for total gun confiscation except for hollywood elite and police officers....
So you think it is wise that the individual citizens can own functional surface to air missiles, and/or nuclear weapons?   This is called extremist logic. First of all sams cost millions of dollars and people who can afford them probably can't afford that many, secondly these rich d00ds probably like thier freedom and would not be so inclined to use them. 3rdly how many individuals do you know can afford a billion dollar nuclear arms program and build, posses, and maintain a nuclear weapon? This is absurd rationing from the land of make believe.   But to answer your question if the government can own it so should the people.
Rev: I agree that the logic is extreme. But then again, so is the position. "If the government can own it so should the people." One must look at the appropriate line to draw. I was actually answering Kelvin and not you.  He stated that I was mocking the second ammendment and I was not. I was pushing for an answer to my question. You have done so. You normally do. You do not engage in ad hominem generally. He does.   My intention was to be extreme in the logic. It is necessary to consider. No right is absolute. Because one person's rights end where another begins. Even you agree to some limits (crazys and felons I believe you said). I am simply saying that limits that are reasonably imposed are okay.  As to the liklihood that anyone would have the money to produce such items. Good argument except people like the Rockefellers and Bill Gates etc, with megacorps at their disposal exist.   The only limits I am in favor of are reasonable ones. I do not know where the line should be drawn. Kelvin doesn't either, but he would rather attack me than argue the actual point.  "Because one person's rights end where another begins." This is at the heart of the argument. What rights of yours am I violating by owning, carrying or possessing a gun What rights are YOU violating by telling me I can not. See the difference one is liberty one is prohibition.    What purpose would gates, the rockefellers etc have for purchasing such items? Again this makes no sense as this obviously would not help thier bottom line. Secondly Loreal, Boeing, Mcdonald douglas, ALL make missiles and other weapons and are corporations. Dyncorp the largest mercenary company based in the USA has access to all sorts of "banned" munitions but they aren't (as far as we know) killing americans on our streets. You or I will never have the funds to purchase such items and therefore I do not see its relavance to the 2nd amendment. As for governments and people having the same items... Governments are responsible for the killing of over 170 MILLION people over the last century. The "people" have killed far less. So who do you trust to be armed your neighbor or someone like hussein? (my own extremist logic)
The original intent and purpose of the Second Amendment was to preserve and guarantee, not grant the pre-existing right of individuals, to keep and bear arms. Although the amendment emphasizes the need for a militia, membership in any militia let alone a well regulated one, is not required to exercise the right to keep and bear arms.   There is no evidence from the writings of the Founding Fathers, early American legal commentators, or pre-twentieth century Supreme Court decisions, indicating that the Second Amendment applied only to members of a well regulated militia or that the sole purpose of this amendment was to preserve the right of states to keep their militias.   As for your no nuts with guns. If a person has been adjudicated mentally incompetent, then that person can be denied some rights. This law is on the books.  As for felons not having guns. Do you mean ex felons? Because felons have been convicted of a crime and are serving a sentence. If that sentence is shorted by a felon being paroled from prison, the felon is still completing their sentence just not in prison. The felon is required to live by the department of corrections guide lines. The department of corrections for many states do not allow felons to have guns. Why do the people that want to ban the right to bear arms use this lie? Now if the people that want as they call them reasonable limits on a right want to do some good, why don't you fight to keep dangerous criminals in prison? Even in prison criminals do not obey the laws, the criminals commit the same crimes in prison that they committed out of prison. Only in prison the criminals commit their crimes on other criminals not law abiding citizens.  What reasonable limits can you find in the 2nd amend?  A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. It states the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed. It does not say the right of the militias to keep and bear arms, nor does it say the right of the government to keep arms away from the people.  Why do people that want what they call reasonable limits on the right to bear arms fear law abiding citizens with guns?  Why do people that want what they call reasonable limits on the right to bear arms believe criminals will obey a law stating criminals cannot have guns?  Why do people that want what they call reasonable limits on the right to bear arms demand laws that only law abiding citizens will obey?  One of the lies Sarah Brady and the million moms use is the lie about banning a right to save just one child's life is good. So why is not this lie used to ban other rights? Why are child sex offenders allowed out prison on life time parole? Why is this lie not used to ban certain lifestyles that demand having sex with male children? After all if banning one right to save just one child's life is good why are other rights not subject to this logic? Why is not this lie of saving just one child life not used to ban swimming pools? In same states swimming pools and bath tubes kill far more children then guns.
let me reply to your remarks about the 2nd amend. The word regulated is used in reference to militias, not the people. So that is saying that militias can be regulated. Now the other part of the amend taken together with the militia part still means the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed. Now some anti gun types or gun control advocates have tried to use the militia lie to ban the right to bear arms. This is to include your remarks about the 2nd amend. Anti gun types or gun control advocates like you read it that way because you want to limit the right to bear arms.  What are reasonable limits? Name one? Are gun bans reasonable? Are background checks reasonable? Are gun free zones reasonable? Are waiting periods reasonable?   With these questions asked one must remember that 20/20 did a program where criminals in a prison were asked what gun control laws they obeyed. The criminals replied they obey no gun control laws. One must remember that sometime criminals tell lies. This is one of the few times I would have to believe the criminals.  These very same criminals stated they did not fear the criminal justice system, nor the police. These criminals stated they feared armed law-abiding citizens.  The only people that scare me are the anti gun types or gun control advocates such as you, because they will use whatever force it takes to limit or ban a right this is to include physical force and deadly force.   After all you are the one demanding limits on people rights!
The second ammendment specifically says that the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed...........However, the context includes that of a well regulated militia. Note the word REGULATED. The people are allowed to keep and bear arms....within REGULATIONS.    Wrong...... Well regulated as used in context in the 1700s was defined as:  Well Regulated   Of all the words in the Second Amendment, "well regulated" probably causes the most confusion. The Random House College Dictionary (1980) gives four definitions for the word "regulate," which were all in use during the Colonial period (Oxford English Dictionary, 2nd Edition, 1989):   1) To control or direct by a rule, principle, method, etc. 2) To adjust to some standard or requirement as for amount, degree, etc.  3) To adjust so as to ensure accuracy of operation.  4) To put in good order.   The first definition, to control by law in this case, was already provided for in the Constitution. It would have been unnecessary to repeat the need for that kind of regulation. For reference, here is the passage from Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution, granting the federal government the power to regulate the militia:   To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the militia, and for governing such part of them as may be employed in the service of the United States, reserving to the states respectively, the appointment of the officers, and the authority of training the militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress;   Some in their enthusiasm to belong to a well regulated militia have attempted to explain well regulated by using the definition "adjust so as to ensure accuracy." A regulated rifle is one that is sighted-in. However well regulated modifies militia, not arms. That definition is clearly inappropriate.   This leaves us with "to adjust to some standard..." or "to put in good order." Let's let Alexander Hamilton explain what is meant by well regulated in Federalist Paper No. 29:   The project of disciplining all the militia of the United States is as futile as it would be injurious if it were capable of being carried into execution. A tolerable expertness in military movements is a business that requires time and practice. It is not a day, nor a week nor even a month, that will suffice for the attainment of it. To oblige the great body of the yeomanry and of the other classes of the citizens to be under arms for the purpose of going through military exercises and evolutions, as often as might be necessary to acquire the degree of perfection which would entitle them to the character of a well regulated militia, would be a real grievance to the people and a serious public inconvenience and loss.  --- See The Federalist Papers, No. 29.    "To put in good order" is the correct interpretation of well regulated, signifying a well disciplined, trained, and functioning militia.   This quote from the Journals of the Continental Congress, 1774-1789 also conveys the meaning of well regulated:   Resolved , That this appointment be conferred on experienced and vigilant general officers, who are acquainted with whatever relates to the general economy, manoeuvres and discipline of a well regulated army.  --- Saturday, December 13, 1777.    The Oxford English Dictionary, 2nd Edition, (1989) defines regulated in 1690 to have meant "properly disciplined" when describing soldiers:   [obsolete sense]  b. Of troops: Properly disciplined. Obs. rare-1.   1690 Lond. Gaz. No. 2568/3 We hear likewise that the French are in a great Allarm in Dauphine and Bresse, not having at present 1500 Men of regulated Troops on that side.   The text itself also suggests the fourth definition ("to put in good order"). Considering the adjective "well" and the context of the militia clause, which is more likely to ensure the security of a free state, a militia governed by numerous laws (or just the right amount of laws [depending on the meaning of "well"] ) or a well-disciplined and trained militia?   Well regulated has nothing to do with law or regulations on 'the people'....
I still ask the question, where do we draw the line. I notice not one of you advocating for unrestricted gun ownership has answered that question. In spite of claims such as felons who have not had their rights restored or insane people should not be allowed guns. You agree with some limits. It is inherent in your argument. No please answer my question..   Simple support and implement very severe punishment for violent crimes. That is the line.
Rev:  Please define what you mean. Also are there any statistics which show that severe punishment for the crime has prevented recidivism. My thinking is not.   Somebody commits a crime with a gun they get locked up for good... THe recidivism goes way down if you spend the rest of your life in jail.
Maybe you should read up on what people are still allowed to own. You can own a shotgun with less then that length of the shotgun in the Miller case as long as you do the proper paperwork and pay two hundred dollar to uncle sam through the ATF.  The Miller case was about what kind of shotguns the military used. The criminal claimed the military used shot barreled shotguns and the government lawyers claimed the military did not. There is no regulation that claims a person must be in a militia to bear arms. The Miller case does not support your claims. If it did all guns in America would be out of the hands of law abiding citizens.  One has to worry about gun control advocates or anti gun types that place their whole defense of their claims about the right to bear arms on the basis of what criminals claim. One would think that the anti gun types or gun control advocates would have learned something from the NFA law.  The military uses shotguns with longer barrels. But guess what, a person can own a shotgun with a barrel less then the barrel in the Miller case if that person jumps through enough government hoops to do so. Do I agree with the NFA law? No I do not. I do not agree with all of the bs a person must do to own this class of firearm. Because this did not stop the criminals from obtaining this class of firearm, the harsh penalties did.  Now one has to wonder about the anti gun type or gun control advocates such as you that want people to be in militias to bear arms. The founding fathers were not really happy with governments that had large standing armies. These large standing armies enforced the occupying governments laws. So why would the founding fathers want to place this much power in another government?
Thank you for your clarification.  Now consider the supreme court decisions and legislation regarding "cruel and unusual punishment."  Is it logical to assume that your plan would actually be possible given that a 17 year old holding up a liquor store with a gun would then go to prison for life. This would likely fall under the condition of "unusual."   In other words your plan won't work. I assume that you hold that part of the constitution in equally high regard to the second ammendment.   Taken in context of "cruel and unusual" punishment. I do not think locking up a violent criminal for life who takes anothers liberty away by making the choice to use a gun to do stick-ups is cruel and unusual. Just the same as if someone pulls a gun on you it is your right to pull your own gun and shoot him till he's dead. Is that cruel and unusual? I wonder what was considered "cruel and unusual" in colonial times.... hmmm.....    BTW my plan won't work? What of the gun grabbers plan? Show me where their plan worked?
This is an excerpt fom the US v. miller 1939. I think it outlines the point of keeping the right to keep and bear arms in context.    The Truth about the miller case: Miller was a hilbilly who initially won the case on appeal Miller did not show up and therefore was ruled against.   "In the absence of any evidence tending to show that possession or use of a 'shotgun having a barrel of less than eighteen inches in length' at this time has some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia, we cannot say that the Second Amendment guarantees the right to keep and bear such an instrument. Certainly it is not within judicial notice that this weapon is any part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense. Aymette v. State of Tennessee, 2 Humph., Tenn., 154, 158.    So you are saying that a sawed off shotgun is not part of 'the ordinary military equipment' and therefore we have no rights to such 'instruments' however read it again it says the shotgun is no good and he should have a better weapon. Wheres my bmg .50? That certanily is a weapon that is 'ordinary military equipment' This paragraph in no way says that an individual has no right to any weapon.   The Constitution as originally adopted granted to the Congress power- 'To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions; To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress.' U.S.C.A.Const. art. 1, 8. With obvious purpose to assure the continuation and render possible the effectiveness of such forces the declaration and guarantee of the Second Amendment were made. It must be interpreted and applied with that end in view.     From MoM:  Article II. Section 2. of the Constitution states in pertinent part:  "Section 2. The President shall be Commander in  Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States,  and of the Militia of the several States, when called  into actual Service of the United States; he may  require the opinion in writing, of the principle  Officer in each of the executive department,. . ."  Keep in mind what the Militia is for,  as Thomas Jefferson said:  ". . . as a last resort, to protect themselves  against tyranny in government."  And, Article II Section 2 of the Constitution,  which states in pertinent part:  ". . . when called into actual service  of the United States, . . . "  That means that the Militia is not a military group originally  under the rule of the United States government. The  Militia is a civilian defense organization, which is an absolute  right reserved respectively to the people, and such rights  are protected by Article X of the Bill of Rights which states:   The Militia which the States were expected to maintain and train is set in contrast with Troops which they [307 U.S. 174, 179] were forbidden to keep without the consent of Congress. The sentiment of the time strongly disfavored standing armies; the common view was that adequate defense of country and laws could be secured through the Militia- civilians primarily, soldiers on occasion. "   Please review and respond with like evidence.   The argument that the militia is the national guard is absurd and ignores the writings and desires of the founding fathers. It is common nowadays for liberals to rewrite things and ignore obvious facts in order to bolster thier case. The miller case is just one example of liberals using partial information in an attempt to usurp the constitution. Not one liberal has ever been able to tell me how the 'people' in the second amendment are any different than the 'people' in the other amendments.
You were asked what reasonable limits you wanted. Instead you choose to insult people defending a right.   It was pointed out that laws like background checks, gun registration, gun bans, and waiting periods were not obeyed by criminals. This was demonstrated by a anti gun network on 20/20. A newsperson asked criminals if they obeyed gun control laws. The criminals stated no they did not obey gun control laws.  When asked what these criminals feared the criminals replied, not the criminal justice system, nor the police. The criminals stated they feared armed law abiding home owners!  Just who are these laws affecting if the criminals do not obey them? These laws do not appear to infringe on the criminals ability to get guns.  So what are you claiming about militias?   Did you not read that short barreled shotguns can be owned by law abiding citizens? You claim the courts state they cannot.
This argument is inapplicable to this case. The purpose of the Second Amendment is to restrain the federal government from regulating the possession of arms where such regulation would interfere with the preservation or efficiency of the militia.    Duh... Didn't already go over that the milita is able bodied males over the age of 17 and women in the national guard? There was no national guard until 1903 so who the hell where they talking about. And again as of yet you FAILED to explain how the People in the second amendment differ from the People in the other amendments. So again you are proving your oppositions point instead of bending the truth to fit your socialist globalists ideals....
A strawman argument. I never claimed that the people in the second amendment differs from the people in other amendments. What's your point?   Note to moderator: Well gee... I just made my point but it looks like my post was deleted... SO much for fair and open discussion. Maybe they should change the name of this board from 4forums to leftistsoapboxforums.com emoticon_xgood. I made a valid point that gun control laws are racist by nature and you delete the post. VoR commonlty make the references in his signature that pro-civil rights persons such as myself are somehow related to the views of the KKK. I also brought up the point regarding that most gun control laws were JIM CROW laws. but for some reason you felt the need to delete the post without ANY notice or justification. Granted it is your right to do so and quite honestly it does not matter.   VoR  If the people are no different how then can you claim that the 2nd is a collective right and the 1st is an individual right?   Well?
Your post was deleted due to name calling.   Which name did I call and who did I direct it at. Feel free to make it a public spectacle out of it or PM me as I thought I edited the post and removed any such name calling if there were any name calling involved.
Reposted minus "alice" and "Sally" and edited for clarity:  Strawman? Your whole platform is a strawman argument. You lie about gun control cases to support your point. You deny your point that your ultimate goal is total civil disarmament. You disappear when the argument is too strong against you. Some how YOU claim that the right to free speach is an individual right yet the right to keep and bear arms is a collective right. Which is it :xcensored  , you can not have it both ways. Oh and not to mention your antagonizing signature claiming a link between gun owners and the KKK. Patently absurd when most gun control laws were designed to prevent them "negroes" and other minorities from their right of self defense all in the name of some liberal power over the people. Your struggle is descended from the JIM CROW laws that YOUR forfathers (the dems) fought so proudly for and you the exiled american with racist overtones continue to exhault here on this board.  Are you now saying that the individuals named in the second amendment have a right to keep and bear arms as they have a right to peaceably assemble or to speak thier minds?   Which is it :xcensored  . You can not have it both ways,
That is what is wrong with the militia argument from the anti gun or gun control advocates.   The original intent and purpose of the Second Amendment was to preserve and guarantee, not grant the pre-existing right of individuals, to keep and bear arms. Although the amendment emphasizes the need for a militia, membership in any militia let alone a well regulated one, is not required to exercise the right to keep and bear arms.   One does not have to belong to a well regulated militia in order to have the right to keep and bear arms. The militia clause is merely one, and not the only, rationale for preserving the right. The Founders were expressing a preference for a militia over a standing army. Even if today's well regulated militia were the National Guard, the Second Amendment still protects an individual right to keep and bear arms.   The Second Amendment is an individual right. It does not say the "militia" has the right to keep and bear arms, it says the people have that right.
All the militia part states is the militias can be regulated.
The original intent and purpose of the Second Amendment was to preserve and guarantee, not grant the pre-existing right of individuals, to keep and bear arms. Although the amendment emphasizes the need for a militia, membership in any militia let alone a well regulated one, is not required to exercise the right to keep and bear arms.   The Second Amendment is an individual right. It does not say the "militia" has the right to keep and bear arms, it says the people have that right.
intent.  The original intent and purpose of the Second Amendment was to preserve and guarantee, not grant the pre-existing right of individuals, to keep and bear arms. Although the amendment emphasizes the need for a militia, membership in any militia let alone a well regulated one, is not required to exercise the right to keep and bear arms.   The Second Amendment is an individual right. It does not say the "militia" has the right to keep and bear arms, it says the people have that right.   Now defend your claim about intent! That means produce your documentation for what you are claiming!
You really are out of control. You post one word of my statements and take it out of context which explained clearly what I meant. In addition you can see in US v. Miller (post #148), that the supreme court held that limitations were allowable given the context of a militia.   I have provided my documentation. You keep reiterating the same thing over and over again and provide no counter analysis or other court cases to support your interpretation.    Read the case. The Court stated that sawed off shotguns were not used by the military as the criminal claimed. Plus you have failed to answer the question asked you, if the court decision defended your claim then why can people still purchase sawed off shotguns today.
Thus, weapons are only protected by the 2nd amendment if if they have "some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia."  True, they did not say that these weapons were illegal. What it said is that they are not protected by the constitution. The Supreme Court does not make laws, it interprets the constitution. So, in effect, what they were saying is that a ban on sawed off shotguns would not be unconstitutional as it would not violate the 2nd amendment.   The court does not defend your claims about sawed off shotguns. If what you claim about the 2nd amend is true then why can a person still purchase sawed off shotguns?  Sawed off shotguns are not banned, the criminal in the Miller case failed to do the proper paperwork to have the sawed off shotgun.  All one has to do to see just what firearms are legal is check out the ATF web site or do a search of NFA dealers or Class 3 dealers.
The Supreme Court did NOT say that these weapons were illegal if you had the proper paperwork. What it said is that they are not protected by the constitution, and thus not everyone has as a birthright the right to own one because of the 2nd amendment So the guns COULD be made illegal by congress.   The Miller case does not support what the anti gun/gun control advocate are claiming. If it did a person would not be able to purchase a sawed off shotgun.   The fact is the proper paperwork for NFA firearms is no more then the background check required by the Brady bill. The only exception would be the CLEO signature (Chief Law Enforcement Officer) requirement of the NFA.   So what the anti gun/gun control advocates are claiming about the Miller case is untrue.
The original intent and purpose of the Second Amendment was to preserve and guarantee, not grant the pre-existing right of individuals, to keep and bear arms. Although the amendment emphasizes the need for a militia, membership in any militia let alone a well regulated one, is not required to exercise the right to keep and bear arms.   The Second Amendment is an individual right. It does not say the "militia" has the right to keep and bear arms, it says the people have that right.  The right to bear arms was indeed pre-existing. You can not preserve something that was not there to begin with.  The 1st protects speech and assembly. Those rights were pre-existing too. Just like the 2nd it preserves and guarantees those rights.  Judicial opinion is of pre-existing rights for the 1st and 2nd Amendment in U S v. CRUIKSHANK.  http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/scripts/getcase.pl?court=US&vol=92&invol=542  Sorry I have not been able to scour this case. This case is accepted by scholars as helping to establish the pre-existing right, but that really doesn't not matter. What matters is WE have the right to bear arms and that is not debateable, regardless of pre-existing or not.
It's also the case that is used to show that the second amendment restricts only what the national government can do. State and local governments are free to restrict the right to bear arms. Quoting from the link you posted above:   If states can restrict rights then why can't states pass racist and sexist laws?
 ..I am not an expert by any means on Jim Crow Laws, etc, so if I am wrong about any of that, please correct me. (I know of course I am simplifying the history of the Jim Crow Laws.)  Thanks, and look forward to your thoughts.   No answer? The anti gun/gun control advocates claim the states can limit one right. The anti gun/gun control advocates bring up court cases that do not defend their claims and yet they cannot answer one question. The question was if states can limit one right, then why cannot the state's limit other rights?  The KKK and the Nazis will be happy to hear that the anti gun/gun control advocates are giving them permission to once again press for demands to limit other people rights.
A "pre-existing" right, eh? Did the founding fathers write that in invisible ink in the Constitution, or is that another NRA mantra?  Nope the not the NRA's, but the Supreme Court's mantra.
If states can restrict rights then why can't states pass racist and sexist laws?  Racism and sexism is not ILLEGAL nor is not unconstitutional in this country. Seperate but equal was struck down as it was put into practice in this country was illegal, but seperate but equal as a doctrine is NOT unconstitutional.  Nor is racism or sexism unconstitutional. You are confusing equal opportunity laws. They only apply to the HANDICAPED, and is not based on race or sex.  It is not illegal for the KKK to deny membership to minorities, but it is illegal for them to deny membership to handicaped white people.  So to your answer, YES is is legal for states to ignore injustice due to race and sex. You are confused or uninformed. With that in mind, then how does that fit into your notions of gun control?
A "pre-existing" right, eh? Did the founding fathers write that in invisible ink in the Constitution, or is that another NRA mantra?   Who's the boss of you? Are you a freeman or a slave. The "rights" of freemen are inherited with that very first breath. Only other men may try to deny you your rights.... Do you show them your belly or do you show them your teeth? I bet I know the answer. The term "the right of the people" The right.. The right has always existed. The us constitution just recognized that right. To infringe upon it is nothing less than tyranny.... No man can tell another man to DO anything. It is by voluntary action that we choose to associate with this society. You believe in your government as overlords. Some of us believe THEM our servants.   MOLON LABE! (Come and Get Them!) emoticon_xkill
So to your answer, YES is is legal for states to ignore injustice due to race and sex. You are confused or uninformed. With that in mind, then how does that fit into your notions of gun control?   The racist and sexist laws passed by the states have all been removed.   The KKK can do what it wants to do because it is not the state. Do you have any data to defend your claim that a black person has ever applied to the KKK and been refused membership?
The racist and sexist laws passed by the states have all been removed.   The KKK can do what it wants to do because it is not the state. Do you have any data to defend your claim that a black person has ever applied to the KKK and been refused membership?  I make no such claim that a black person has ever applied to the KKK. Please read the text carefully.   Which racist laws and sexist laws are you talking about?   Seperate but Equal? The PRACTICE of Seprate but Equal was struck down as NOT equal by the Supreme Court. The same Court decision never said the legal doctrine of Seperate but Equal is NOT unconstutitional or unequal. Thus if the school systems can seperate the races and if the can truely and fairly distribute budget, teachers, and quality of education, then the PRACTICE of Seperate but Equal is legal. So Seperate but Equal was never made illegal, only the unfair application of Seperate but Equal.  The Boy Scouts, the Girl Scouts, Knights of Columbus, Masons, NAZIs, other White Seperatist, and beauty pagents do have sexist and racist rules and practices. They are all protected by the Constitution to do so.   Again what racist and sexist laws are you talking about?  Equal Employment? That applies to people with disabilities. Later extended to protect age discrimination, but it does not protect based on race or sex.  So then if your wrong about sexism, racism, legality, and rights, then how does that change your view about gun control since your point on racism, sexism, legality, and rights is wrong?
Lets include the whole of the relevant text from the Cruikshank   //quote// The particular amendment now under consideration assumes the existence of the right of the people to assemble for lawful purposes, and protects it against encroachment by Congress. The right was not created by the amendment; neither was its continuance guaranteed, except as against congressional interference. For their protection in its enjoyment, therefore, the people must look to the States. The power for that purpose was originally placed there, and it has never been surrendered to the United States.  //end quote//  This section is only about the second insofar as the ruling determines both the first and second amendment are pre-existing rights. You will note the last sentence which says "The government of the United States when established found it in existence, with the obligation on the part of the States to afford it protection... ". Not giving the states the power to limit the right, nust the responsibility for protecting it.  //quote// The second and tenth counts are equally defective. The right there specified is that of 'bearing arms for a lawful purpose.' This is not a right granted by the Constitution. Neither is it in any manner dependent upon that instrument for its existence. The second amendment declares that it shall not be infringed; but this, as has been seen, means no more than that it shall not be infringed by Congress. This is one of the amendments that has no other effect than to restrict the powers of the national government, leaving the people to look for their protection against any violation by their fellow-citizens of the rights it recognizes, to what is called, in The City of New York v. Miln, 11 Pet. 139, the 'powers which relate to merely municipal legislation, or what was, perhaps, more properly called internal police,' 'not surrendered or restrained' by the Constituton of the United States.  //end qoute//  Again, it states that the bill of rights is just a limitation on the federal government and that individuals could not sue each other in federal court regarding violation of civil rights. It was up to the states to protect the fundamental rights of its citizens when their rights were abridged by other citizens. Again, giving the states the responsibility of defending the right, but not giving them the option of limiting it.  The next couple of passages explain this further:  //qoute// The third and eleventh counts are even more objectionable. They charge the intent to have been to deprive the citizens named, they being in Louisiana, 'of their respective several lives and liberty of person without due process of law.' This is nothing else than alleging a conspiracy to falsely imprison or murder citizens of the United States, being within the territorial jurisdiction of the State of Louisiana. The rights of life and personal liberty are natural rights of man. 'To secure these rights,' says the Declaration of Independence, 'governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed.' The very highest duty of the States, when they entered into the Union under the Constitution, was to protect all persons within their boundaries in the enjoyment of these 'unalienable rights with which they were endowed by their Creator.' Sovereignty, for this purpose, rests alone with the States. It is no more the duty or within the power of the United States to punish for a conspiracy [92 U.S. 542, 554] to falsely imprison or murder within a State, than it would be to punish for false imprisonment or murder itself.   The fourteenth amendment prohibits a State from depriving any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; but this adds nothing to the rights of one citizen as against another. It simply furnishes an additional guaranty against any encroachment by the States upon the fundamental rights which belong to every citizen as a member of society. As was said by Mr. Justice Johnson, in Bank of Columbia v. Okely, 4 Wheat. 244, it secures 'the individual from the arbitrary exercise of the powers of government, unrestrained by the established principles of private rights and distributive justice.' These counts in the indictment do not call for the exercise of any of the powers conferred by this provision in the amendment //end quote//  By editing the second section cited, and disregarding the entire rest of the ruling which explains the concept further (full text can be found at http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/scripts/getcase.pl?court=US&vol=92&invol=542), you could, indeed, conclude that this ruling finds that the states have the power to limit your second amendment rights. If you include the entire text of the ruling, it becomes clear that this is not the case but rather it holds the states responsible for protecting your second amendment rights.    Does it seem to anybody else that we seem to go around and around in this thread????
Lets include the whole of the relevant text from the Cruikshank   //quote// The particular amendment now under consideration assumes the existence of the right of the people to assemble for lawful purposes, and protects it against encroachment by Congress. The right was not created by the amendment; neither was its continuance guaranteed, except as against congressional interference. For their protection in its enjoyment, therefore, the people must look to the States. The power for that purpose was originally placed there, and it has never been surrendered to the United States.  //end quote//  This section is only about the second insofar as the ruling determines both the first and second amendment are pre-existing rights. You will note the last sentence which says "The government of the United States when established found it in existence, with the obligation on the part of the States to afford it protection... ". Not giving the states the power to limit the right, nust the responsibility for protecting it.  //quote// The second and tenth counts are equally defective. The right there specified is that of 'bearing arms for a lawful purpose.' This is not a right granted by the Constitution. Neither is it in any manner dependent upon that instrument for its existence. The second amendment declares that it shall not be infringed; but this, as has been seen, means no more than that it shall not be infringed by Congress. This is one of the amendments that has no other effect than to restrict the powers of the national government, leaving the people to look for their protection against any violation by their fellow-citizens of the rights it recognizes, to what is called, in The City of New York v. Miln, 11 Pet. 139, the 'powers which relate to merely municipal legislation, or what was, perhaps, more properly called internal police,' 'not surrendered or restrained' by the Constituton of the United States.  //end qoute//  Again, it states that the bill of rights is just a limitation on the federal government and that individuals could not sue each other in federal court regarding violation of civil rights. It was up to the states to protect the fundamental rights of its citizens when their rights were abridged by other citizens. Again, giving the states the responsibility of defending the right, but not giving them the option of limiting it.  The next couple of passages explain this further:  //qoute// The third and eleventh counts are even more objectionable. They charge the intent to have been to deprive the citizens named, they being in Louisiana, 'of their respective several lives and liberty of person without due process of law.' This is nothing else than alleging a conspiracy to falsely imprison or murder citizens of the United States, being within the territorial jurisdiction of the State of Louisiana. The rights of life and personal liberty are natural rights of man. 'To secure these rights,' says the Declaration of Independence, 'governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed.' The very highest duty of the States, when they entered into the Union under the Constitution, was to protect all persons within their boundaries in the enjoyment of these 'unalienable rights with which they were endowed by their Creator.' Sovereignty, for this purpose, rests alone with the States. It is no more the duty or within the power of the United States to punish for a conspiracy [92 U.S. 542, 554] to falsely imprison or murder within a State, than it would be to punish for false imprisonment or murder itself.   The fourteenth amendment prohibits a State from depriving any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; but this adds nothing to the rights of one citizen as against another. It simply furnishes an additional guaranty against any encroachment by the States upon the fundamental rights which belong to every citizen as a member of society. As was said by Mr. Justice Johnson, in Bank of Columbia v. Okely, 4 Wheat. 244, it secures 'the individual from the arbitrary exercise of the powers of government, unrestrained by the established principles of private rights and distributive justice.' These counts in the indictment do not call for the exercise of any of the powers conferred by this provision in the amendment //end quote//  By editing the second section cited, and disregarding the entire rest of the ruling which explains the concept further (full text can be found at http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/scripts/getcase.pl?court=US&vol=92&invol=542), you could, indeed, conclude that this ruling finds that the states have the power to limit your second amendment rights. If you include the entire text of the ruling, it becomes clear that this is not the case but rather it holds the states responsible for protecting your second amendment rights.    Does it seem to anybody else that we seem to go around and around in this thread????  I agree 100% with the pre-existing text. I will have to reserve further research on State responsibility to protect the 2nd Amendment.  We go around and around because the anti-gunners don't care about what you just posted. They just want the guns gone any way they can get them gone.
I make no such claim that a black person has ever applied to the KKK. Please read the text carefully.  I have read your post!   The question asked of the anti gun/gun control advocates is, since the anti gun/gun control advocates claim the states can limit rights then why have all the racist sexist laws been removed from the books?    The KKK is not a state. You are the one that brought up the KKK not allowing blacks. I then asked you to defend your claim by providing data as to that. At one time the membership of the KKK included senators, judges, mayors, and a host of other elected officials. One judge that was a KKK member even went on to become a supreme court justice.  If I recall, an all male activity has been attacked as sexist for not allowing a female to play golf during a tournament! Which tournament was that? It is a big one.
Did you examine the entire text of the ruling?   The court stated that "We have in our political system a government of the United States and a government of each of the several States. Each one of these governments is distinct from the others, and each has citizens of its own who owe it allegiance, and whose rights, within its jurisdiction, it must protect. The same person may be at the same time a citizen of the United States and a citizen of a State, but his rights of citizenship under one of these governments will be different from those he has under the other."  Notice the last sentence. So if the federal government is in charge of safeguarding the right to bear arms then it would seem that the states would not have the same responsibility since "rights of citizenship under one of these governments will be different from those he has under the other."    Pay attention:  "This section is only about the second insofar as the ruling determines both the first and second amendment are pre-existing rights. You will note the last sentence which says "The government of the United States when established found it in existence, with the obligation on the part of the States to afford it protection... ". Not giving the states the power to limit the right, just the responsibility for protecting it."     That says it all....
exposed!  http://www.hardylaw.net/Truth_About_Bowling.html  I knew the movie was a joke but look at all the intentional lies in it!
Touche!  Thanks for restoring my faith in "Bowling for..."  As a non-American I was unaware of all the controversy surrounding the film. I thought the film, as presented was thought-provoking. (obviouslt emotive as well).  Thank you for a positive perspective. Here is the reply to Moore's comments on his website: http://www.hardylaw.net/replytomoore.html   Regardless of whether a lawsuit was filed or not...if the events portrayed in the film are wrong then they are wrong.. period.  Carefull editing of speechs made by Charleton Heston (on different dates) to get Moore's point across seem like "fabrication" to me....in essence....lies.   Therefore the whole movie is a lie.
Nice try.   http://www.michaelmoore.com/words/wackoattacko/  If I can show you just 1 untrue item in Columbine. Will you change your mind?
You've had ample time to up till now.  What are you talking about ample time? I starting following this tread last afternoon? What is your point?   1) Did the NRA and KKK ever burn a cross together? 2) Does Lockheed Martin in Colorado build nukes, missiles, and bombs? 3) Did Chuck Heston ever say "From my cold dead hands in Denver"? 4) How many edits does it take to make a point? If it is a documentry then why minipulate a speech?    1) That is a cartoon? Do you believe in cartoons? My nephew believes that things he sees in Bugs Bunny is real. Do you? Moore manufactured a monster from the NRA.  2) Lockheed Martin builds optical spy and commerical satellites. Why the nukes, bombs, and missiles in the movie? I recall seeing nukes and bombs? Please refresh my memory and help me out? What was the message you got? The current generation of optical spy satellites is launched only by the Space Shuttle. Why no footage of the Space Shuttle or communication satellites? Because commerical satellites and the Space Shuttle is not menacing enough.  3) Chuck Heston never said, "From my cold dead hands in Denver". Why and where did he say that? Not in Denver. This is what he said in Denver: "So, we have the same right as all other citizens to be here. To help shoulder the grief and share our sorrow and to offer our respectful, reassured voice to the national discourse that has erupted around this tragedy." Moore manufactured a monster.  4) Why did his "documentry" have to edit speeches together? Documentries have a higher level of honesty and unmaniplulated foothage. See photos from Moore's movie:  http://www.hardylaw.net/Truth_About_Bowling.html  Yup, one speech? or two? Both from Denver? What was Moore's message?   You were manipulated.
Nice try.   http://www.michaelmoore.com/words/wackoattacko/  Moore is exercising his First Amendment rights. Satire, comedy, and artistic expression is protected under the First Amendment. Lawsuits to economically strangle an opponent to achive a polticial objective is not a tactic of the NRA. That is a tactic for anti-gunners.  Yes those rockets are being used by the Weather Channel. Lockheed Martin in Colorado does not make anything with a an explosive war head of any size or type.  The Peace Keeper is not manufactured anyhwere. Lockheed once made it. No one makes makes the Peace Keeper anywhere.   ICBMs are not manufactured anywhere in this country. There has been no budget to manufacture any ICBMs in this country for at least 10 years.  There are NO nuke componets manufactured at Littleton CO. There are no ICBM's manufactued in Littleton, WERE is different from ARE. Moore's own website says so. Of course that is not the message in the movie is it?  You were manipulated.  I'll use Moore's own words, "But don't take my word - read the transcript of his whole speech".  Please do.   Charlton Heston's Speech to the NRA  04 May, 1999  By Charlton Heston  CNS Information Services  (Editor's Note: The following remarks by NRA President Charlton Heston were transcribed by CNS from a RealVideo presentation of his speech before the NRA's national meeting in Denver, Colorado May 1.)  Thank you. Thank you very much. Good morning. I am very happy to welcome you to this abbreviated annual gathering of the National Rifle Association. Thank you all for coming and thank you for supporting your organization.  I also want to applaud your courage in coming here today. Or course, you have a right to be here. As you know, we've cancelled the festivities, the fellowship we normally enjoy at our annual gatherings. This decision has perplexed a few and inconvenienced thousands. As your president, I apologize for that.  But it's fitting and proper that we should do this. Because NRA members are, above all, Americans. That means that whatever our differences, we are respectful of one another and we stand united, especially in adversity.  I have a message from the mayor, Mr. Wellington Webb, the mayor of Denver. He sent me this and said don't come here, we don't want you here. I said to the mayor, well, my reply to the mayor is, I volunteered for the war they wanted me to attend when I was 18 years old. Since then, I've run small errands for my country, from Nigeria to Vietnam. I know many of you here in this room could say the same thing. But the mayor said don't come.  I'm sorry for that. I'm sorry for the newspaper ads saying the same thing, don't come here. This is our country. As Americans, we're free to travel wherever we want in our broad land.  They say we'll create a media distraction, but we were preceded here by hundreds of intrusive news crews. They say we'll create political distraction, but it's not been the NRA pressing for political advantage, calling press conferences to propose vast packages of new legislation.  Still they say don't come here. I guess what saddens me the most is how that suggests complicity. It implies that you and I and 80 million honest gun owners are somehow to blame, that we don't care. We don't care as much as they do, or that we don't deserve to be as shocked and horrified as every other soul in America mourning for the people of Littleton.  Don't come here. That's offensive. It's also absurd because we live here. There are thousands of NRA members in Denver, and tens upon tens of thousands in the state of Colorado.  NRA members labor in Denver's factories, they populate Denver's faculties, run Denver corporations, play on Colorado sports teams, work in media across the Front Range, parent and teach and coach Denver's children, attend Denver's churches and proudly represent Denver in uniform on the world's oceans and in the skies over Kosovo at this very moment.  NRA members are in city hall, Fort Carson, NORAD, the Air Force Academy and the Olympic Training Center. And yes, NRA members are surly among the police and fire and SWAT team heroes who risked their lives to rescue the students at Columbine.  Don't come here? We're already here. This community is our home. Every community in America is our home. We are a 128-year-old fixture of mainstream America. The Second Amendment ethic of lawful, responsible firearm ownership spans the broadest cross section of American life imaginable.   So, we have the same right as all other citizens to be here. To help shoulder the grief and share our sorrow and to offer our respectful, reassured voice to the national discourse that has erupted around this tragedy.  One more thing. Our words and our behavior will be scrutinized more than ever this morning. Those who are hostile towards us will lie in wait to seize on a soundbite out of context, ever searching for an embarrassing moment to ridicule us. So, let us be mindful. The eyes of the nation are upon us today.
 Charlton Heston's Speech to the NRA  04 May, 1999  By Charlton Heston  CNS Information Services  (Editor's Note: The following remarks by NRA President Charlton Heston were transcribed by CNS from a RealVideo presentation of his speech before the NRA's national meeting in Denver, Colorado May 1.)  Thank you. Thank you very much. Good morning. I am very happy to welcome you to this abbreviated annual gathering of the National Rifle Association. Thank you all for coming and thank you for supporting your organization.  I also want to applaud your courage in coming here today. Or course, you have a right to be here. As you know, we've cancelled the festivities, the fellowship we normally enjoy at our annual gatherings. This decision has perplexed a few and inconvenienced thousands. As your president, I apologize for that.  But it's fitting and proper that we should do this. Because NRA members are, above all, Americans. That means that whatever our differences, we are respectful of one another and we stand united, especially in adversity.  I have a message from the mayor, Mr. Wellington Webb, the mayor of Denver. He sent me this and said don't come here, we don't want you here. I said to the mayor, well, my reply to the mayor is, I volunteered for the war they wanted me to attend when I was 18 years old. Since then, I've run small errands for my country, from Nigeria to Vietnam. I know many of you here in this room could say the same thing. But the mayor said don't come.  I'm sorry for that. I'm sorry for the newspaper ads saying the same thing, don't come here. This is our country. As Americans, we're free to travel wherever we want in our broad land.  They say we'll create a media distraction, but we were preceded here by hundreds of intrusive news crews. They say we'll create political distraction, but it's not been the NRA pressing for political advantage, calling press conferences to propose vast packages of new legislation.  Still they say don't come here. I guess what saddens me the most is how that suggests complicity. It implies that you and I and 80 million honest gun owners are somehow to blame, that we don't care. We don't care as much as they do, or that we don't deserve to be as shocked and horrified as every other soul in America mourning for the people of Littleton.  Don't come here. That's offensive. It's also absurd because we live here. There are thousands of NRA members in Denver, and tens upon tens of thousands in the state of Colorado.  NRA members labor in Denver's factories, they populate Denver's faculties, run Denver corporations, play on Colorado sports teams, work in media across the Front Range, parent and teach and coach Denver's children, attend Denver's churches and proudly represent Denver in uniform on the world's oceans and in the skies over Kosovo at this very moment.  NRA members are in city hall, Fort Carson, NORAD, the Air Force Academy and the Olympic Training Center. And yes, NRA members are surly among the police and fire and SWAT team heroes who risked their lives to rescue the students at Columbine.  Don't come here? We're already here. This community is our home. Every community in America is our home. We are a 128-year-old fixture of mainstream America. The Second Amendment ethic of lawful, responsible firearm ownership spans the broadest cross section of American life imaginable.   So, we have the same right as all other citizens to be here. To help shoulder the grief and share our sorrow and to offer our respectful, reassured voice to the national discourse that has erupted around this tragedy.  One more thing. Our words and our behavior will be scrutinized more than ever this morning. Those who are hostile towards us will lie in wait to seize on a soundbite out of context, ever searching for an embarrassing moment to ridicule us. So, let us be mindful. The eyes of the nation are upon us today.  That is not he same message in Moore's movie is it?
Show me a documentary film that doesn't edit for clarity or to make a point. That is the purpose of documentary film.   Not if the point is clearly deceptive.
You answered the first one already... it is a 'cartoon'. It showed that just as one was out-lawed, the other was born. You decide what to believe from this.  By the way...  "Lockheed Martin is a global leader in the design, development and production of missiles and missile defense solutions for the United States and its allies around the world. The goal: Defend against attacks by ballistic missiles, cruise missiles and other airborne threats." http://www.lockheedmartin.com/wms/findPage.do?dsp=fec&ci=12975&rsbci=0&fti=0&ti=0&sc=400   The KKK and the NRA? I decide that it is false and the message is propaganda. It is an emotional argument just like all good propaganda.  That is a good website. Do we agree that the Lockheeds products are:  Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense (BMDS)  Digital Scene-Matching Area Correlator  Hellfire II  High Mobility Artillery Rocket System  Laser Infrared Countermeasures Fly-Out Experiment  Longbow Fire Control Radar and Missile  Low-Cost Autonomous Attack System  Medium Extended Air Defense System  MK 41 Vertical Launching System  Mobile Electronic Warfare Support System Product Improvement Program  Multiple Launch Rocket System M270  Multiple Launch Rocket System M270A1  PAC-3  Patriot  Python 4  Royal Navy Tomahawk Integration  Single Cell Launcher  Tactical Tomahawk Weapon Control System  Theater High Altitude Area Defense  Vertical Launch Anti-submarine Rocket    Which one of those were in his movie? I remember nukes? None of those are nukes. Lockheeds current missile that flys any kind of ICBM flight path is trying to KILL and DEFEND against nukes. I remember a very menacing message in his movie. Do you? I am sure that Americans do not find defending thier major cities against nukes as menacing as Moore's message.
Show me how it is 'clearly' deceptive.  When you see frightened children in Littleton Colorado outside Columbine High School. The subject is Chuck Heston and the NRA in Denver. It is cearly deceptive when the sound bite that Moore uses is : "From my cold dead hands". Which was NEVER said in Denver.
   Show me a documentary film that doesn't edit for clarity or to make a point. That is the purpose of documentary film. .   By definition, documentaries are allowed it edit. The subject must be fact. Cartoons are allowed. The NRA and KKK never burned a cross together. It is not a documentary. Chuck Heston never said, "From my cold dead hands in Denver".  1. An eligible documentary film is defined as a theatrically released non-fiction motion picture dealing creatively with cultural, artistic, historical, social, scientific, economic or other subjects. It may be photographed in actual occurrence, or may employ partial re-enactment, stock footage, stills, animation, stop-motion or other techniques, as long as the emphasis is on fact and not on fiction.  http://www.oscars.org/76academyawards/rules/rule12.html
   The Truth: Heston took his NRA show to Denver and did and said exactly what we recounted <movie.php?mov=heston<. From the end of my narration setting up Heston's speech in Denver, with my words, "a big pro-gun rally," every word out of Charlton Heston's mouth was uttered right there in Denver, just 10 days after the Columbine tragedy. But don't take my word - read the transcript of his whole speech <heston.php<. Heston devotes the entire speech to challenging the Denver mayor and mocking the mayor's pleas that the NRA "don't come here." Far from deliberately editing the film to make Heston look worse, I chose to leave most of this out and not make Heston look as evil as he actually was. .  YOU LIAR.  You are distorting the truth the same way Moore did. The truth is the NRA event was planned 1 year before the killings in Littleton. The truth is the NRA rally was canceled excpet for the officers meetings which is required by LAW to NOT BE CANCELED. HESTON said "FROM MY COLD DEAD HANDS" in North Carolina 1 year later.   And what transcript are you talking about? The transcript is posted above. What big pro-gun rally are you talking about in Denver. Do you mean the one that NEVER happened?
the nra and kkk cross burning was a demonstration that the two are the "same thing." i know my grandfather was in both simultaneously. i'm not proud of this, but i sometimes see both as equals.  "from my cold dead hands." let's say he didn't. take this out and he still seems evil. look at the fool he was made of during the one on one interview.  even without those two "falsities," it would still be a great and effective documentary.  Just two? Maybe 3? or 4?  How about his editing job of a speech in Denver? When Heston is wearing a dark jacket in one cut and a light jacket in another cut.  The WMD Pentagon payloads at Lockheed in Littleton? There are none. Please see above website provided by Montaban. None of those WMD Pentagon payloads are made in Littleton. The missile components WERE once made in Littleton that delivered nukes. They stopped making them years ago. So what inspiration from WMDs is Moore talking about?  Documentaries do not push and agenda.  2. A film that is primarily a promotional film, a purely technical instructional film or an essentially unfiltered record of a performance will not be considered eligible for consideration for the Documentary awards.  The movie clearly is promoting an agenda which according the Academy, it strictly FORBIDEN as a documentary. The Academy broke thier own rules.
the nra and kkk cross burning was a demonstration that the two are the "same thing." i know my grandfather was in both simultaneously. i'm not proud of this, but i sometimes see both as equals. .  Please explain? Both equals? That is unclear.
nra is a haven for racists.  (this is just how i see it)  Is that an emotional response?  Does the NRA policy such as concealed weapon carry favor a particular race?  Does the NRA child education and saftey favor a particular race?  Does the NRA violate civil rights based on skin color?  Does the NRA plan in secret or openly to deny civil rights to anyone based on skin color?  Can you provide me with examples that I may have missed. I do not understand how you came about your conclusion.  Can you help me? Please provide me with examples of racial policy or deliberate attempts to hold back anyone economically or deny civil rights based on skin color. Or how about injustice carried out by the NRA based on skin color?
Why is that 'deceptive'? Chuck Heston said it, it is the sentiment of the NRA.  Was there an NRA meeting in or around Columbine near the time of the shooting?  Because the message is Heston said it as a front to the crying children at Columbine. Becasue the message is Heston said it to screw the crying children at Columbine. Because the message is Heston is an unsympathetic monster.  The whole text of his speech is sympathetic to the vitcims of the shooting. Which is what Moore left out. But he left in, "From my cold dead hands." Which never took place in Denver. The "Cold dead hands" quote took place 1 year later in response to Heston receiving a gift of a musket from the NRA. The speech before he received the musket detailed how he was aware of how little time he has left to live to continue the fight. He was aware of how his health was failing and was sad to not be able to continue to serve a noble cause. As a response to his failing health and short time left on Earth, when he received the gift his reply was "From my cold dead hands".  "My cold dead hands" is a sentiment of the members and of the NRA.  "Screw the people of Columbine" is not a sentiment of the NRA. Which is clearly the message Moore is trying put into Heston's speech.  The NRA meeting was canceled.  Only the officers had a meeting. The officers meeting is required by LAW. Criminal and civil charges could be placed on the officers of the NRA if they did not have an officers meeting.
  You mention ICBM - Intercontinental Balistic Missile - a name usually ascribed to nukes. Which is it? A nuke, or some kind of missile that intercepts missiles before they even are launched? :) .  Lockheed current product line is not an ICBM. Sorry for you confusion. ICMBs fly surface to surface over thousands of miles. The current program that flys any kind of ICBM flight path is the Aegis ABM. It does not fly surface to surface over thousands of miles. It kills nukes AND ICBMs in flight.  The current Aegis ABM defense must fly an ICBM flight path to kill NUKES and ICBMs. The Aegis ABM must fly an ICBM flight path to be able to reach ICBMs.  So, in Moore's movie, is any of those products on your link? Any of them in Moore's movie?  When you say, "I believe..." are you guessing or do you know for sure? Do you know for sure if any of those products on your link are in Moore's movie? If you know for sure, do you know which one?  The purpose if that edit was the supposed inspiration upon the killers of Columbine. The inspiration they got from WMD Pentagon payloads at Lockheed. So do WMDs exist at Lockheed in Littleton? Is that or is that not the message the Moore is passing off. The inpsiration of Pentagon payloads upon the killes at Columbine. I very clearly remember the Moore inferring the possible inspiration for the killers at Columbine was inspiration from WMDs at Lockheed.
  Not only does your spelling suck, but your point sucks more. They didn't say you couldn't promote an agenda- after all, "Birth of a Nation" is clearly propaganda, but it's still a documentary. They bar "promotional films", ie advertisement.   .  They also bar political promotions. The Academy broke thier own rules.  You have a very low requirement for documentary. Which real event was Birth of a Nation based on? Who where the people that really lived in that movie? Birth of a Nation is entertainment, just like Tom Hanks in Saving Private Ryan. Those characters never lived. Those events experienced by the characters NEVER took place. It is not a documentary. Then according to your logic Saving Private Ryan is a documentary. It is not, it is entertainment. The historical background in both movies is real, the events in both movies never took place.
i'm not discriminating against the nra in general, this is how it is perceived in my eyes. same as republicans. i believe it may be that because a lot of racists are republican nra members, i don't know. but this is how it is viewed and seen in the south (i am from memphis; whites are the minority here too).  i know i am being prejudice, i'm merely stating it how it's seen. not that it is. but you know, even charlston heston, the speaker for the nra, said that the problem in america was ethnic diversity.  *** "In 1871, Congress passed the Anti-Ku Klux Act which launched a massive investigation into the affairs of the late insurrectory states." http://www.kkklan.com/briefhist.htm  "Union veterans Col. William C. Church and Gen. George Wingate formed the National Rifle Association in 1871." http://www.nrahq.org/history.asp ***  kind of funny, huh?  (i am not suggesting that all nra members are racist)  Chuck Heston said what? Do you have a time and date? The full text?   I do not get what is funny? Please clarify.   What does a northern union general have to do with racism? It does not make any sense that the KKK would befriend a Northern Union General or would want to have anything to do with Northern Union officers.  Your KKK history link makes no mention of the NRA.  By your own admission your views are prejudical. They are not rational. The connection between your two links only makes sense to your prejudical point of view. Please clarify, I do not understand the links and the relationship to NRA and racism.
Lockheed current product line is not an ICBM. Sorry for you confusion. ICMBs fly surface to surface over thousands of miles. The current program that flys any kind of ICBM flight path is the Aegis ABM. It does not fly surface to surface over thousands of miles. It kills nukes AND ICBMs in flight.  The current Aegis ABM defense must fly an ICBM flight path to kill NUKES and ICBMs. The Aegis ABM must fly an ICBM flight path to be able to reach ICBMs.  So, in Moore's movie, is any of those products on your link? Any of them in Moore's movie?  When you say, "I believe..." are you guessing or do you know for sure? Do you know for sure if any of those products on your link are in Moore's movie? If you know for sure, do you know which one?  The purpose if that edit was the supposed inspiration upon the killers of Columbine. The inspiration they got from WMD Pentagon payloads at Lockheed. So do WMDs exist at Lockheed in Littleton? Is that or is that not the message the Moore is passing off. The inpsiration of Pentagon payloads upon the killes at Columbine. I very clearly remember the Moore inferring the possible inspiration for the killers at Columbine was inspiration from WMDs at Lockheed.  By any chance you get the name of the program of missile system that is a WMD Petagon payload as claimed by Moore? You know the one that inspired the killers at Columbine?
tarawa12! Oh tarawa12, how I find this opinion distessing. Another morally and ethically blind infedel. emoticon_wow  Open your eyes and ears the next time you watch it, you might learn something from it, or do you just have "selective judgement"? emoticon_angry  Can you name the WMD Pentagon payload that is made at the Lockheed plant?  Can you explain why Heston wears two different colored jackets in an edit of his speech?  Did Heston say, "From my cold dead hands"? At Denver? Or +1 year later?
tarawa12! Oh tarawa12, how I find this opinion distessing. Another morally and ethically blind infedel. emoticon_wow  Open your eyes and ears the next time you watch it, you might learn something from it, or do you just have "selective judgement"? emoticon_angry  Sorry but the errors in that movie are glaring. Do a little research and see how several speeches were twisted to make it the way Moore wanted instead of what was actually said.
OOOPs the quotes have been edited! That's terrible! There I was thinking that loads of schoolkids being shot dead time and time again was the problem! But now that I have found out the quotes are wrong!!!!!!  Tell me. Which do you think hurt those kids at Columbine, being shot or these that you think are edited-quotations? Think? Umm.... those were edited.. go back and check.   Ah but it's alright for kids to die aslong as there is agood payload for the pentagon? emoticon_confused   You live in an imaginary world where it is more important to conspire than to protect your children! Protecting my children???  If the shooters parents had been concerned about protecting "their" children....then maybe THEY wouldn't have went on a shooting spree.  This movie isn't focused on missle payloads. This post was started to show the many fabrications of truth that were portrayed as fact in the movie.
If guns were not so readily available in America there would be far less shootings. Countries like UK and Germany do not have so many shootings. Why? Because guns are illegal It's rather obvious! Well to most people with a few exceptions.  So how will you make guns less available?
If guns were not so readily available in America there would be far less shootings.   As can be seen by statistics and common sense, the amount of guns is not the main contributer to gun violence.
I cannot personally. I am not a control of America. It is up to the American government to reduce the availability of weapons to the public.  Prohibit the sale of weapons and ammunition except only hunting rifles from Government approved stores and with much higher prices, strictor licencing, higher taxes on weapons, etc.  Won't work.  Those who want guns will get them.  Those that have them will keep them.  It's not the guns that are the problem.  Do pencils cause misspelled words? Do cars cause speeding tickets?  It's the knucklehead who goes out and does it..not the inanimate object.
they also hunt, tranquilize, fire flares, shoot targets, and intimidate
but guns are meant to kill; nothing more.  Tell that to the Olympic competitors....  Tell that to all of the High Power competitors  It is a tool that does exactly what it was meant to do. It is not defective.
We weren't talking about why guns were invented, gilligan.  The same thing could be said about knives or blunt objects like hammers.
but guns are meant to kill; nothing more.  Mine must be defective. I have shot in excess of 4,000 rounds a year for the last 4 years. I have killed no one.   How did you come up with that idea? You must be so prejudiced against firearms that you do not see any other uses for them. You are not the first example of a very prejudiced anti-gunner. Prejudice is based on irrational thought. Your above quote is irrational. You are irrational.
Actually when guns were invented there was no Olympics. So, guns were designed to kill. Or do you belive that they built guns desgined them and said "Okay, the olympics are not invented yet, let's see what else we can use them for" ?  That they are now used in non-lethal acts (although all they are doing is hitting a different target) does not disprove this fact.  Sorry I have been absent for a while. Did you ever per chance get the name of the WMD Pentagon payload that inspired the killers at Columbine? The WMD Petagon payloads that Moore says are at Lockheed in Colorado?
OOOPs the quotes have been edited! That's terrible! There I was thinking that loads of schoolkids being shot dead time and time again was the problem! But now that I have found out the quotes are wrong!!!!!!  Tell me. Which do you think hurt those kids at Columbine, being shot or these that you think are edited-quotations?  Ah but it's alright for kids to die aslong as there is agood payload for the pentagon? emoticon_confused   You live in an imaginary world where it is more important to conspire than to protect your children!   Hmmmm? Can you name the WMD Pentagon payload built at Lockheed that inspired the killers at Colubine?  Tell me. Do you think that any objective is justified even you have to lie and cheat to the American public to get it?  Please see the anti-gunners link in above post by Montaban. That may help you find the supposed WMD Pentagon payload that Moore says inspired the killers at Columbine.
Actually when guns were invented there was no Olympics. So, guns were designed to kill. Or do you belive that they built guns desgined them and said "Okay, the olympics are not invented yet, let's see what else we can use them for" ?  That they are now used in non-lethal acts (although all they are doing is hitting a different target) does not disprove this fact.  Hey planes were designed to fly and not kill. So then what?  Hey my target assault rifle is NOT designed to kill. It is manufactured to such tight tollerance that it is sensitive to dirt and ammo. It is designed to punch paper surgically at long range. As a battlefield weapon it would be a piece of junk.  Olympics were ancient Greek events. Firearms are Dark Age Europe inventions. So Yes, the Olympics were already around. Before you accuse me of not knowing history, maybe you need a few lessons yourself.
Dia Dhuit a montalban!! Is Eireannach tu, an ea? Mise freisin! Ta me i mo chonai sa Rinn i gContae Port Lairge.  Ta se an deachar chun oscail na suile de na daoine seo. Ta siad an deacair!   Sooo. Do you still believe that Chuck Heston said, "From my cold dead hands" in Denver? In front of a cheering crowd in Denver?  Do you still think it is OK to lie to the American public to achive a political goal?
some how i dont follow your logic...even IF some of charleton heston's speechs were edited to suit micheal more, that would not make the whole movie a lie  OK we agree then the speech editing was not truthfull.  Please please. Do not go away. Keep asking qeustions. Let's keep that chain of thought.  How about the cartoon with the KKK and NRA buring a cross together? What is the message? Propaganda? Remember propagand tries to make an emotional argument, not a rational one. Truthfull?
I see this entire site is argueing about gun control. I know, that's the post of the thread. However, there are a few other points of the documentary that I would like to question. I posted a thread under government before knowing that "Bowling for Columbine" was also there, and I'm just focusing on a different point.... ANYways. The film wasn't just about guns. It was about the fear of the people. I agree with him. We are afraid of one another. Now is that really necessary? It's one big vicious circle. We are afraid of one another, this causes to brash actions and reactions, and therefore we are even more afraid of each other. The town I live in.. Everyone locks their doors. Well, my dad deliberatley took every single lock out of this house. We have never been robbed. So I just wondering what society is trying to tell us. I'd just like a few more opinions on that.  Please inform the anti-gunners here that look upon Canada as a model because they do not unlock thier doors, that in the USA they do the same thing too.   I live in a gated upscale community. I am quite safe. I sleep with a gun on the night stand next to the Bible for the same reason I wear a seat belt. Just in case.  The fear you talk about is a problem with society and should not be solved as a government program or law. You can not legislate good citizenship. At least I can not think of a good citzen anti-gun law that does not violate civil rights. The purpose of law and justice system is to punish and try to fix damages only AFTER a crime. The purpose of government is to not stand in the way of people trying to get by with life, not help or hurt people who are doing just fine. The newest crop of anti-gun good society laws simply do not work(Brady). If the violence is society is not fixed first, such a law will be going against human tide of behavior. If the law in not in the hearts of society and people, then the law is useless. Violence is a behavior problem, not a gun problem. I'll have to give credit where it is due, Brady works in well with the instant background check, but with nothing else.
I guess I'm just wondering why out of all the countries at our level, that ours is the violent one. And I don't mean war, I mean amongst ourselves.  1) Poverty 2) Lack of education 3) Lack of economic achievement 4) Family break up 5) Violent media and social approval for violence 6) Etc.  but not guns.
The doco suggests that the USA has a 'culture of fear'.   Thanks. I'll include that under etc.   But not guns.
Whether of not it was about the Brits, it was about a militia, and fighting off a foreign invasion.   I don't think that what was in the mind of the Founding Father's is the basis for imaking a judgement about the 2nd Amendment, with respect to anything, as the world has changed so much that what was in their minds is no longer important, and what the state of the country was, is no longer true.  Whereas, at one time the U.S. could have been easily overthrown,  Whereas at one time, having a gun was required by a huge amount of the population to proide for food.   None of this is true any longer.  Therefore, nothing that the 2nd Amendment was about at that time, with respect to what was in the minds of the Founding Fathers, or even the exact wording of the 2nd Amendment is relevant today, for the reasons previously stated, and because it can no longer be said by anyone, that the private ownership of guns, keeps us free as a Nation.   Hmmmm.What about the rest of the original Amendments,have they become "out of fashion" as well? As far as the 2nd keeping us a free nation.You take 200 million plus guns with a average capacity of around 5 rounds each.That adds up to a billion plus rounds .And a billion rounds pointing in the right direction is a mighty big ditterent.
O.k., lets go through your scenario. The government has been toppled and the standing army has been crushed. Somehow all Americas nuclear arms were obliterated. The invading force has successfully instituted a dictatorship and is now systematically destroying our personal freedoms.   Now suppose the year is 1799 and the population rises up. The five rounds with 200 million guns, works. The population overthroughs the invading army through sheer numbers, though the price is high in terms of casualties. America is once again free and the democratic system is once again put in place.  The year is 2004, the population is no longer fit and tough from working in the fields to get their own food. But each of the 400 million people has a gun, with lets say 30 rounds each. The population now has 12 billion rounds, and lets assume each round is an armour piercing bullet with long range capabilities, and lets also assume for the hell of it, that each gun is a machine gun with long-range single shot abilities and a scope (just for fun).   Same situation, same invading force. The population rises up, taking along with them the few remaining rockets and bombs from the few remaining weapons caches. Lets say 2 million hand-held anti-plane missiles, 4 million anti-tank missiles and for even more fun, lets say they have a genius military leader who has somehow the ability to maintain instant contact with any unit anywhere, and is the greatest tactical mind the planet has ever know.  To overthrough the standing American army the invading force must have had massive numbers of planes, tanks and naval units.   First off, 4 million anti-tank weapons is not much when put against 400 million people, so you have a lot of venerable areas. Where ever the militia units try to form, they are killed by tanks, even though many of the tanks with infantry backing are destroyed the army keeps going because to over through America who has the greatest tanks in the world, you would have to have like 10-1 ratio on the American armed divisions.   But, wait. Lets assume somehow the ground forces of well-organized troops and tanks is defeated by the population. Lets assume the invading army again somehow lost all its ground units, lets pretend the enemy forces had exactly 4 million tanks, and the ratio of shot-to-kill was perfect.   To defeat the American army of planes you would, again, have to have massive numbers (or technology superior planes). So the population tries shooting down the planes, but the planes would usually get away because modern planes can take out a ground-based target with out ever going closer the a couple miles.   But again, wait. Somehow, without losing so many troops as not to be able to defeat the massive mechanized occupying force, all planes are spotted (miles away) and shoot down by the UNTRAINED militia. The genius military leaders (who no body though to kill) work no doubt.   Yet still, the population is defeated because if I remember correctly, the militia doesn't have naval units. So even if all the inland forces could be killed, the majority of costal forces would be protected by barrages from the enemy naval force (which is very large because it had to defeat the American navy, the greatest in the world technologically).  But lets assume, the population just swims to the invading ships, kills the crews, and uses the ships they stole to kill the other enemy ships. Thank god for that tactical genius at the helm of the American resistance.   I am actually guessing that invading force must be like 20 times bigger then America's armies for one simple reason. The only way you could defeat the American ICBMs is to have a blitzkrieg (I know my spelling sucks) like attack. Most of the ICBM silos aren't connected to the internet, mainly because the government knows the silos would be venerable to internet attack, so any rebuttal involving the virus-like disabling of the nuclear stockpile is gone.  Now, you may be wondering what am I trying to say here. Well its simple, if somehow, just somehow, the entire military force of the U.S. was obliterated, it would take just one ICBM hit on the enemy's capital city to make attack impossible.   Again, the blitzkrieg like attack? Even if that worked the U.S., like Russia and a few other nuclear powers, keeps stockpiles of nuclear weapons hidden underground in the invent of being taken over, and the underground stockpiles usually have several rockets with enough range to blast the heck out of the closest invading army. So it would never happen that the U.S. would be left nuclear-naked.  But lets assume that happened (maybe during a really, REALLY cool party some idiot colonel peed on them, and they just fried). The genius military commander did somehow take out the entire invading force of air, ground and sea. You still have to deal with the fact that whoever invaded the U.S. probably spend several trillion doing it ( I know, that's a pretty low number for the invasion of America), and in that case most likely have satellites and long-range missiles (again lets assume somehow America's own just fell out of the sky and the invading force got even guys together to be able to take out all America's nuclear silos including the underground stockpiles which each have own guard forces of soldiers training night and day for such an event).   The hugest, most glaring problem with the militia, unless every one the 400 million militia units somehow got a radio and a laptop, they would have to gather. And if they gathered in the numbers they would need to gather in, to order to defeat the large invading army, they would be taken out very easily by 1. ICBMs launched from enemy subs 2. Prominent meetings between our military genius and his supporters stopped by snipers with a 1.5 mile range and superb training and intelligence (remember those satellites) 3. all groups preparing for "battle" so to speak could be taken out as they are marching or driving or whatever by mortars, ambushes, rockets, infantry rushes, tank columns etc. before they knew what hit them.  4. It would take a lot of planning to get 400 million people to fight, and assuming everybody has a laptop with wireless capability, they would still need satellites for the military genius in California to command units in N.Y., N.Y., and....wait America's satellites are gone and if the invading force could do that, it wouldn't be that hard to take out commercial internet satellites in geoscyhronize orbit (effectively sitting ducks). And any land based networks would be destroyed in the first few hours of insurrection.   -------------------------------------------------------------------------- But militia units only have guns, and they would get their butts whooped, even with massive numbers. What you are saying is only true about Napoleonic tactics, in today's modern warfare almost completely infantry-based armies are obsolete and very venerable   No the afghan war is not a valid counterpoint, the terrain was different, the people are more hardened, the weapons were supplied by a military power superior to the Russians, the afghans had unlimited anti-tank reserves, had incredibly extensive cave networks in which to hide, plan and attack, only had to defeat, on the majority, other infantry battalions because of the terrain in which armoured vehicles could not cross, the Russians were under funded and their moral low, the soviets had already been beaten down by large amounts of smaller fights across the cracking Soviet Empire, china needed to be supplied with more troops as it started to look toward independence, Afghanistan is nowhere near water eliminated the possibility of naval back-up by the very crappy Russian naval forces, the afghans received help from the rest of the Arab world which would not happen with the U.S. because if an enemy can take out the U.S., it could probably take out the combined forces of Europe and North America, and, finally, the afgans didn't have nukes so they had to defend themselves with their own two hands, but america has nukes and if ever anything tryed to do what is in the above senario they would get blasted because unlike the russians in afganhistan, the americans would be defended their homeland.   Neither is the French revolution a good-counter point, as I have said, your tactics only work with Napoleonic-style battles and guess what kind of battle were happening when Napoleon the 3rd was in power? (in case you didn't learn it in school, Napoleon the 3rd, napoleon's nephew, was in power during the french revolution)   Trust me, cause the only thing I love more then physics is military tactics and warfare.   ----As I have shown in more detail, Treat2 is right, it wouldn't work.------   The other amendments don't pertain to retaining the sovereignty of the U.S.A, they pertain to the basic rights each citizen enjoys and therefore will always be important and "In Fashion" so long as the U.S. still has human citizens.   Please opinions only, not baseless assumptions using limited military knowledge, or rebuttals to previous opinions.    So,in your opinion,are you saying that this invading force that you are talking about,would never bat an eye as to whether the people of the USA are armed to the teeth or not in their pre-war planning? Surely any country that tried to overtake the USA would suffer severe damage to its military in all aspects.And even if it succeeded,it would still have to deal with our armed citizens. Are you trying to tell me that this is not a ditterent? Sure,if you dream up some DARTH VADER size invasion,no one stands a chance.But if you put it real world perspective.Say,2 or 3 of the bigger countries got together and decided to over take the USA.I would assume "armed citizens" would be a major factor in deciding whether to invade or not.
Whether or not the 2nd Amendment was written to provide for the protection of the States from a foreign invasion, or border dispute, or Civil War, it is clear that the objective of the 2nd Amendment is to address the basic provisions and control required to form a militia reporting to the President.   One of the provisions to form a militia is explicitly stated in the  2nd Amendment as the unrestricted Right of the individual to own guns.   At that time in our history, when a militia was formed, it was expected that individuals would bring their own gun(s) to the militia. That provision is THE IMPLICIT PURPOSE of the Right of the individual to own guns.  Within the 2nd Amendment, there are NO OTHER IMPLICIT, NOR EXPLICIT purposes pertaining to the unrestricted Right of the individual to own gun(s).   In other words, the 2nd Amendment does NOT IMPLICITLY, NOR EXPLICITLY suggest or expand its purpose beyond what it required for a militia, and the control of a militia.  The 2nd Amendment does NOT provide an individual the Right to own gun(s) for the PURPOSE OF providing for: food, self-defense, target practice, a hobby as a collector, or fun..  Therefore, ANY OTHER PURPOSE OR REASON for the possession of guns that has been attributed to rights under the 2nd Amendment is based entirely upon thoughts and purposes that were NOT IN THE MINDS OF the Founding Fathers when the 2nd Amendment was written.  The Founding Fathers knew many people required guns to provide for food, income, and home-defense. Yet, the Founding Fathers did not separate the purpose of the unrestricted Right of individuals to own guns for a militia, from the SOLE PURPOSE of owning guns for the creation of a militia.  The Founding Fathers did not write the 2nd Amendment in a manner that would even suggest that the Right of an individual to own guns had purposes beyond a militia, that would provide for: food, self-defense, target practice, a hobby as a collector, or fun..  We may therefore conclude that, any reason or purpose for an individual owning a gun, OTHER THAN for a militia, is not provided for under the 2nd Amendment, and that current gun laws for private ownership of guns is mistaken.  Justifications or reasons to provide individuals with a Right to own guns for a purpose or reason other than a militia, would have to be based on some Amendment, other than the 2nd Amendment, to determine if any such Right exists for individual gun ownership exists.  That the Founding Fathers did not write all Amendments with the explicit and specific Rights of individuals for every condition and circumstance is self-explanatory, as the size of the Bill of Rights and the Constitution would be enormous, and the Founding Fathers would still be busy writing the Bill of Rights and a Constitution if that was the case. However, the Founding Fathers were very careful in their use of words and phrases, and in the logical composition of a Constitution, and that they decided not to specify other purposes exist that justify individual gun ownership, beyond a militia, in the 2nd Amendment. That decision would appear to be intentional.  Although it might ideal to understand all that the Founding Fathers had in mind, when the Constitution was written, it must also be understood  and concluded that what was the basis for a rational giving the Founding Fathers reasons to create an Amendment, and chose specific terms, phrases, and specifics, may not exist today, nor even be of any importance.   For example, individuals need not carry guns from their home to where our troops will gather. Today's "militia" provides for the a militia's need, and an individual's need for guns. What the Founding Fathers once wrote with respect to an individual possessing a gun for the purpose of a militia and the remainder of the 2nd Amendment requires revision or elimination.  What part of"shall not be infringed" do you not understand? What do you think thier intent was when they wrote it?
The original intent and purpose of the Second Amendment was to preserve and guarantee, not grant the pre-existing right of individuals, to keep and bear arms. Although the amendment emphasizes the need for a militia, membership in any militia let alone a well regulated one, is not required to exercise the right to keep and bear arms.   The Second Amendment is an individual right. It does not say the "militia" has the right to keep and bear arms, it says the people have that right.   Though the scope of the right to keep and bear arms includes self-defense and militia duty, it also involves the right of the people to resist tyranny. Many believe resistance by citizens with nothing but small arms against a tyrannical government in possession of high-tech helicopters, fighter planes, tanks, and nuclear weapons would be futile. Recent history seems to suggest otherwise.
What phrase is being taken out of context? None!  If anything the people that want gun control laws are guilty of taking things out of context. The people that want gun control laws are the ones using the militia lie.
Then please provide the regulation that states a person must be in a militia to bear arms!
What you do not understand is that you can not take a word, a phrase, or even a sentence in the Constitutional Amendments, out of context, as you are doing.  The subject and purpose of 2nd Amendment is: the reason for, and provisions for a militia.  The subject and purpose of 2nd Amendment is NOT about<b></b>: the right to own guns for ANY OTHER purpose.  Without any expansion of the 2nd Amendment, the phrase from the 2nd Amentment that is shown without any context, applies to: not infringing the Right of individuals to own guns for the purpose of forming a militia to maintain a Free State.  If the Founding Fathers had the intent to expand the 2nd Amendment to apply to individual gun ownership for a variety of purposes, they would have made it clear, and not specified gun ownership only for the purpose of a militia.  Furthermore, IF the Founding Fathers had intended for us to just read everything phrase by phrase, devoid of any context, each phrase would have been an Amendment and numbered individually. It would be clear to any reader that each phrase was a separate, unrelated, and specific Right that the Founding Fathers had in mind. However, the Constitution was not written that way, and ALL words, phrases, and sentences MUST be read and understood in the context of the Amendment in which it is specified, as opposed to a context that one might otherwise wish it to be.  How did I take take anything out of context?All I did was ask you two questions that you still didnt answer.
The second ammendment.  The 2nd amend states we can regulate militias, then it states the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.  Pay attention guys, I covered two subjects in one sentence. Damn that use of commas!  So if you can please provide the regulation that defends your claim. The 2nd amend clearly states the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.   Yes it does state we can regulate the militias, but there is no regulation or text to defend your claims about militias!  Also pay attention unlike the anti gun types such as you I have not resorted to name calling or insults! I did give you the chance to voice your opinion without attacking you for doing that. It is a shame you cannot claim the same thing!  So tell me how do you make America a better place for attacking people for voicing their opinions?  Hell I have not once told you to grow up!
Let us make it simple. What do you claim the 2nd amend is about?
First off i would like to state that treat2 and eprates whatever are furries. they have and always will be. http://www.furcon.de/album/albums.php  Second of all, gun control is horrible. It is a direct violation of the second ammendment right to bear arms. It specifically states the "right to keep and bear arms" in the bill of rights. That means I get my assault rifle to kill my deer, and to hell with the rest. I want my automatic shotguns and jeep mounted machine gun so that I know I am safe when I drive down compton. The police do not make you safe, you make yourself safe.
Though the scope of the right to keep and bear arms includes self-defense and militia duty, it also involves the right of the people to resist tyranny. Many believe resistance by citizens with nothing but small arms against a tyrannical government in possession of high-tech helicopters, fighter planes, tanks, and nuclear weapons would be futile. Recent history seems to suggest otherwise.  Now that said, one has to wonder why people for gun control or anti gun types keep telling people that defend the right to bear arms that they could not win a fight.
I speak of threat from crime. What neighborhood is without the friendly crack dealer and associates. I need protection against him! HE has the machine guns and I DO NOT. Local protection.  As for massive governmental insurgency, or protection against invasion, it is not as simple as a standing army. In any sort of millitary application, there is no way to plausibly organize a standard resistance. Yet, have you learned ANYTHING about the MODERN MILITARY WARS! EVER HEARD OF VIETNAM, or the PHILLIPINES!?!? It is all guerilla warfare. EVERY farmer has his own stash of AK-74's with ammo, sachel charges to boot. HE is going to interdict for his country as HE SEES FIT! Small local groups of insurgents/citizens can bring a nations army to its knees. SURE they have tanks! And the good citizen has a LAW or two to back himself up in a pinch, but you dont face them one on one. NO MORE MOVIES FOR YOU!  It is all about local squad based harrasment and interdiction. Sure, give the invaders all the ground they want, but the resistance is EVERYWHERE! NO chance to get them, they are the citizens. DO YOU GET MY DRIFT HOMEY? Or do I need to set up a more logical bombardment of dry lecture...
 I think the difficulty will come down to what is ordinary. One could certainly say that a SAM is not ordinary, I think. I have only been stating that a reasonable limitation is necessary and required by the second ammendment. I think teh supreme court also interpreted that way and provided some guidance.  Did you not read that short barreled shotguns can be owned by law abiding citizens? You claim the courts state they cannot. The Miller case was about what type of shotguns the military used. The criminal claimed the military used sawed off shotguns, the lawyers for the state said they did not.   So if the Miller case supported your claim about what types of guns a person can own. Why can a person still own sawed off shotguns?
I did not say people cannot own shotguns. Go read my post again.    Now on to Justanotherguy: I posted something from the supreme court on the other thread where you and I are debating. I would summarize that court case to say that the right of citizens to keep and bear arms is required to form a militia when necessary (in case of invasion etc.) but that I do not think it applies to all items. In the court case I cited, they specifically stated that there is no right to keep a weapon that would not be considered "ordinary military equipment". At least I think those were the words used. They stated that a sawed off shotgun would not fall into the category of ordinary military equipment and stated that regulating such an item did not violate the second ammendment.    So if the Miller case supported your claim about what types of guns a person can own. Why can a person still own sawed off shotguns?  The Miller case did say sawed off shotguns are not military eguipment.
Exact words of the 2nd Amendment with punctuation included are:  "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."  The subject and purpose of 2nd Amendment is: the reason for, and provisions for a militia.  If the Founding Fathers had wanted you to take an phrase from a sentence and understand it as an independent and unrelated subject, they would have either created two sentences, or two amendments.  Additionally, if the Founding Fathers were referring to keeping and bearing arms for any legitimate purpose, they would have said so, in that one sentence.  Three options were available to them to write an Amendment to expand upon the purpose of the 2nd Amendment (i.e. a militia), yet they chose none of those options.  You can not take a phrase out of a sentence in the Constitution and apply whatever meaning you choose to, in ANY context you choose to, yet you are doing that, and not understanding what they wrote, and why they wrote it.  Do as you please. It is out of ignorance that you persist in making that argument. Even as a legal gun owner, I can still read the Constitution, and know that it differs from what our current laws permit.   You scream ignorance but your ignorance of the supporting writings of our founding fathers is clear.. The government has no business telling us what guns we acan own or not.. Tell me sir, how are the 'people' in the second amendment different from the 'people' in the other amendment your paupers argument that the second amendment was for the establishment of the national guard is absurd as there was no national guard until 1903 and the revolutionaries counted on an armed populace to muster thier forces to victory...   "There are more than a few patriotic liberty advocates questioning whether the text of Article II of the Bill of Rights -- commonly called "the second amendment" -- contains one comma or three. We have researched this issue at length. Included in the research has been the discovery of federal government archives that show the text in both ways... with one comma, and with three. Second Amendment Foundation put together a simple page that links to some of the documentation showing the "one comma" version. If this topic is of interest to you, go see for yourself here: http://www.saf.org/Constitutions.html. Whether there be one comma or three, the Founders' intentions in drafting and seeing to ratification our Bill of Rights were and still are quite clear: your right to keep and bear arms is inalienable -- but you may one day have to enforce it."   Keep trying... You say you are a gun owner but you are fighting for the civil rights violators... Your right to keep and bear childeren is not in the constitution so would you fight your government to the death to keep them from taking them? if yes I ask but why... Its not in the constitution... This is.. and no matter how you put it the people in the 2nd are the same in the other amendments.....    Also look at some of the states constitutions:  States With Right To Bear Arms Provisions In Alphabetical Order:   Alabama Constitution Article I, Section 26  That the great, general and essential principles of liberty and free government may be recognized and established, we declare... That every citizen has a right to bear arms in defense of himself and the state.   Alaska Constitution Article I, Section 19  A well- regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed. The individual right to keep and bear arms shall not be denied or infringed by the State or a political subdivision of the State.   Arizona Constitution, Article 2, Section 26  The right of the individual citizen to bear arms in defense of himself or the State shall not be impaired, but nothing in this section shall be construed as authorizing individuals or corporations to organize, maintain, or employ an armed body of men.   Arkansas Constitution Article II, Section 5  The citizens of this State shall have the right to keep and bear arms for their common defense.   Colorado Constitution Article II, Section 13  The right of no person to keep and bear arms in defense of his home, person and property, or in aid of the civil power when thereto legally summoned, shall be called in question; but nothing herein contained shall be construed to justify the practice of carrying concealed weapons.   Connecticut Constitution Article I, Section 15  Every citizen has a right to bear arms in defense of himself and the state.   Delaware Constitution Article I, Section 20  A person has the right to keep and bear arms for the defense of self, family, home and State, and for hunting and recreational use.   Florida Constitution Article I, Section 8(a)  The right of the people to keep and bear arms in defense of themselves and of the lawful authority of the state shall not be infringed, except that the manner of bearing arms may be regulated by law.  Georgia Constitution Article I, Section 1, Paragraph VIII.  The right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed, but the General Assembly shall have power to prescribe the manner in which arms may be borne.  Hawaii Constitution Article I, Section 17  A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.   Idaho Constitution Article I, Section 11  The people have the right to keep and bear arms, which right shall not be abridged; but this provision shall not prevent the passage of laws to govern the carrying of weapons concealed on the person nor prevent passage of legislation providing minimum sentences for crimes committed while in possession of a firearm, nor prevent the passage of legislation providing penalties for the possession of firearms by a convicted felon, nor prevent the passage of any legislation punishing the use of a firearm. No law shall impose licensure, registration or special taxation on the ownership or possession of firearms or ammunition. Nor shall any law permit the confiscation of firearms, except those actually used in the commission of a felony.   Illinois Constitution Article I, Section 22  Subject only to the police power, the right of the individual citizen to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.   Indiana Constitution Article I, Section 32  The people shall have a right to bear arms, for the defense of themselves and the State.   Kansas Constitution Bill of Rights 4  The people have the right to bear arms for their defense and security; but standing armies, in time of peace, are dangerous to liberty, and shall not be tolerated, and the military shall be in strict subordination to the civil power.   Kentucky Constitution Section 1  All men are, by nature, free and equal, and have certain inherent and inalienable rights, among which may be reckoned: ... Seventh: The right to bear arms in defense of themselves and of the State, subject to the power of the General Assembly to enact laws to prevent persons from carrying concealed weapons.   Louisiana Constitution Article I, Section 11  The right of each citizen to keep and bear arms shall not be abridged, but this provision shall not prevent the passage of laws to prohibit the carrying of weapons concealed on the person.   Maine Constitution Article 1, Section 16  Every citizen has a right to keep and bear arms and this right shall never be questioned.   Massachusetts Constitution Part The First, Article XVII  The people have a right to keep and to bear arms for the common defence. And as, in time of peace, armies are dangerous to liberty, they ought not to be maintained without the consent of the legislature; and the military power shall always be held in an exact subordination to the civil authority, and be governed by it.   Michigan Constitution Article I, Section 6  Every person has a right to keep and bear arms for the defense of himself and the state.   Mississippi Constitution Article III, Section 12  The right of every citizen to keep and bear arms in defense of his home, person, or property, or in aid of the civil power when thereto legally summoned, shall not be called in question, but the legislature may regulate or forbid carrying concealed weapons.   Missouri Constitution Article I, Section 23  That the right of every citizen to keep and bear arms in defense of his home, person and property, or when lawfully summoned in aid of the civil power, shall not be questioned; but this shall not justify the wearing of concealed weapons.   Montana Constitution Article II, Section 12  The right of any person to keep or bear arms in defense of his own home, person, and property, or in aid of the civil power when thereto legally summoned, shall not be called in question, but nothing herein contained shall be held to permit the carrying of concealed weapons.  Montana Constitution Article VI, Section 13(2)  The militia forces shall consist of all able-bodied citizens of the state except those exempted by law.   Nebraska Constitution Article I, Section 1  All persons are by nature free and independent, and have certain inherent and inalienable rights; among these are life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness, and the right to keep and bear arms for security or defense of self, family, home, and others, and for lawful common defense, hunting, recreational use, and all other lawful purposes, and such rights shall not be denied or infringed by the state or any subdivision thereof. To secure these rights, and the protection of property, governments are instituted among people, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed.   Nevada Constitution Article 1, Section 11, [1.]  Every citizen has the right to keep and bear arms for security and defense, for lawful hunting and recreational use and for other lawful purposes.   New Hampshire Constitution Part First, Article 2-a  All persons have the right to keep and bear arms in defense of themselves, their families, their property and the state.  New Hampshire Constitution Part First, Article 13  No person, who is conscientiously scrupulous about the lawfulness of bearing arms, shall be compelled thereto.   New Mexico Constitution Article II, Section 6  No law shall abridge the right of the citizen to keep and bear arms for security and defense, for lawful hunting and recreational use and for other lawful purposes, but nothing herein shall be held to permit the carrying of concealed weapons. No municipality or county shall regulate, in any way, an incident of the right to keep and bear arms.   North Carolina Constitution Article I, Section 30  A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed; and, as standing armies in time of peace are dangerous to liberty. they shall not be maintained, and the military shall be kept under strict subordination to, and governed by, the civil power. Nothing herein shall justify the practice of carrying concealed weapons, or prevent the General Assembly from enacting penal statutes against that practice.   North Dakota Constitution Article I, Section 1  All individuals are by nature equally free and independent and have certain inalienable rights, among which are those of enjoying and defending life and liberty; acquiring, possessing and protecting property and reputation; pursuing and obtaining safety and happiness; and to keep and bear arms for the defense of their person, family, property, and the state, and for lawful hunting, recreational and other lawful purposes, which shall not be infringed.   Ohio Constitution Article I, Section 4  The people have the right to bear arms for their defense and security; but standing armies, in time of peace, are dangerous to liberty, and shall not be kept up; and the military shall be in strict subordination to the civil power.  Ohio Constitution Article I, Section 1  All men are, by nature, free and independent, and have certain inalienable rights, among which are those of enjoying and defending life and liberty, acquiring, possessing, and protecting property, and seeking and obtaining happiness and safety.   Oklahoma Constitution Article II, Section 26  The right of a citizen to keep and bear arms in defense of his home, person, or property, or in aid of the civil power, when thereunto legally summoned, shall never be prohibited; but nothing herein contained shall prevent the Legislature from regulating the carrying of weapons.   Oregon Constitution Article I, Section 27  The people shall have the right to bear arms for the defence of themselves, and the State, but the Military shall be kept in strict subordination to the civil power[.]   Pennsylvania Constitution Article I, Section 21  The right of the citizens to bear arms in defense of themselves and the State shall not be questioned.   Rhode Island Constitution Article I, Section 22  The right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.   South Carolina Constitution Article I, Section 20  A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed. As, in times of peace, armies are dangerous to liberty, they shall not be maintained without the consent of the General Assembly. The military power of the State shall always be held in subordination to the civil authority and be governed by it. No soldier shall in time of peace be quartered in any house without the consent of the owner nor in time of war but in the manner prescribed by law.   South Dakota Constitution Article VI, Section 24  The right of the citizens to bear arms in defense of themselves and the state shall not be denied.   Tennessee Constitution Article I, Section 26  That the citizens of this State have a right to keep and to bear arms for their common defense; but the Legislature shall have power, by law, to regulate the wearing of arms with a view to prevent crime.   Texas Constitution Article I, Section 23  Every citizen shall have the right to keep and bear arms in the lawful defense of himself or the State; but the Legislature shall have power, by law, to regulate the wearing of arms, with a view to prevent crime.   Utah Constitution Article I, Section 6  The individual right of the people to keep and bear arms for security and defense of self, family, others, property, or the state, as well as for other lawful purposes shall not be infringed; but nothing herein shall prevent the Legislature from defining the lawful use of arms.   Vermont Constitution Chapter 1, Article 16  That the people have a right to bear arms for the defence of themselves and the State - and as standing armies in time of peace are dangerous to liberty, they ought not to be kept up; and that the military should be kept under strict subordination to and governed by the civil power.   Virginia Constitution Article I, Section 13  That a well regulated militia, composed of the body of the people, trained to arms, is the proper, natural, and safe defense of a free state, therefore, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed; that standing armies, in time of peace, should be avoided as dangerous to liberty; and that in all cases the military should be under strict subordination to, and governed by, the civil power.   Washington Constitution Article I, Section 24  The right of the individual citizen to bear arms in defense of himself, or the state, shall not be impaired, but nothing in this section shall be construed as authorizing individuals or corporations to organize, maintain or employ an armed body of men.   West Virginia Constitution Article III, Section 22  A person has the right to keep and bear arms for the defense of self, family, home and state, and for lawful hunting and recreational use.   Wisconsin Constitution Article I, Section 25  The people have the right to keep and bear arms for security, defense, hunting, recreation or any other lawful purpose.   Wyoming Constitution Article I, Section 24  The right of citizens to bear arms in defense of themselves and of the state shall not be denied.    States Without Specific Constitutional Provisions:  Only six states fail to enumerate a Right to Keep and Bear Arms Clause. Of these states, Iowa and New Jersey have a general "defending life and liberty" clause for self-protection.   California: Nothing.  However, the California Constitution provides for "inalienable rights" including "defending life and liberty ... and protecting property..." Article I, Section 1 reads:  All people are by nature free and independent and have inalienable rights. Among these are enjoying and defending life and liberty, acquiring, possessing, and protecting property, and pursuing and obtaining safety, happiness, and privacy.  Furthermore, once the Second Amendment is properly defined as an individual right (hopefully in the Emerson Case), then Article III, Section 1 of the California Constitution would apply the Second Amendment to the State Laws of California. Article III, Section 1 reads:  The State of California is an inseparable part of the United States of America, and the United States Constitution is the supreme law of the land.   Iowa Constitution Article I, Section 1Iowa Constitution Article I, Section 1  All men are, by nature, free and equal, and have certain inalienable rights - among which are those of enjoying and defending life and liberty, acquiring, possessing and protecting property, and pursuing and obtaining safety and happiness.   Maryland: Nothing   Minnesota: Nothing   New Jersey Constitution Article I, [1.]  All persons are by nature free and independent, and have certain natural and unalienable rights, among which are those of enjoying and defending life and liberty, of acquiring, possessing, and protecting property, and of pursuing and obtaining safety and happiness.   New York: Nothing specific, however Article XII, Section 1 of the Constitution covers both the "organized" and "unorganized" militia and reads:  The defense and protection of the state and of the United States is an obligation of all persons within the state. The legislature shall provide for the discharge of this obligation and for the maintenance and regulation of an organized militia.  Article 2, Section 4 of the New York Civil Rights Law also reads almost identical to the Second Amendment:  A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms cannot be infringed.      THese supporting document lay waste to your idea that the 2nd amendment was written for some future national guard....   MOLON LABE!
Actually, drawing from contemporary writing style taught at the time, the first section is not the subject clause. It was actually called the introductory clause. The purpose of the introductory clause was "....give an example in relation to the purpose clause" (primer for public writing, author unknown, 1854). The second clause is the purpose clause, which is designed to "....convey the meaning of the passage" (same source).   This was fairly common in legal writings at the time, and several state constitutions have passages worded identically. Interestingly enough, there has never been a case in court of any of the state amendments being interpeted as you suggest the second amendment should be. Apparently, people feel that , despite the clear indicators of it's meaning that are conveyed in the founders other writings, as well as the historical evidence which indicates how the passage should be read and understood, there is some need to muddy the waters on what is otherwise a fairly clear statement.  I believe the founders felt that they adequetly conveyed their desired message, shich is why they didn't elaborate any more. There was an earlier draft of the amendment (by madison) that was rejected that contained far less specific language. Some different commentators that wrote of the rejection claimed that it was because it did not clearly convey that this was a right of the people.
How can you misinterpret such plain language? It clearly states what the purpose of the second amendment is.  The original intent and purpose of the Second Amendment was to preserve and guarantee, not grant the pre-existing right of individuals, to keep and bear arms. Although the amendment emphasizes the need for a militia, membership in any militia let alone a well regulated one, is not required to exercise the right to keep and bear arms.   One does not have to belong to a well regulated militia in order to have the right to keep and bear arms. The militia clause is merely one, and not the only, rationale for preserving the right. The Founders were expressing a preference for a militia over a standing army. Even if today's well regulated militia were the National Guard, the Second Amendment still protects an individual right to keep and bear arms.   The Second Amendment is an individual right. It does not say the "militia" has the right to keep and bear arms, it says the people have that right.
---------------------------------------------------------------------  In 1929, the Soviet Union established gun control.  From 1929 to 1953, about 20 million dissidents,  unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and  exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  In 1911, Turkey established gun control. From 1915  to 1917, 1.5 million Armenians, unable to defend  themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  Germany established gun control in 1938 and from  1939 to 1945, 13 million Jews and others who were  unable to defend themselves were rounded up and  exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  China established gun control in 1935. From 1948  to 1952, 20 million political dissidents, unable to  defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  Guatemala established gun control in 1964. From  1964 to 1981, 100,000 Mayan Indians, unable to  defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  Uganda established gun control in 1970. From 1971  to 1979, 300,000 Christians, unable to defend  themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  Cambodia established gun control in 1956. From  1975 to 1977, one million 'educated' people, unable  to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  Defenseless people rounded up and exterminated in  the 20th Century because of gun control: 56 million.  --------------------------------------------------------  It has now been 12 months since gun owners in  Australia were forced by new law to surrender  640,381 personal firearms to be destroyed by their  own government, a program costing Australia  taxpayers more than $500 million dollars.    The first year results are now in:  Australia-wide, homicides are up 3.2 percent  Australia-wide, assaults are up 8.6 percent  Australia-wide, armed robberies are up 44 percent  (yes, 44 percent!)  In the state of Victoria alone, homicides with  firearms are now up 300 percent.  (Note that while the law-abiding citizens turned  them in, the criminals did not, and criminals still  possess their guns!)  While figures over the previous 25 years showed a  steady decrease in armed robbery with firearms, this  has changed drastically upward in the past 12  months, since the criminals now are guaranteed that  their prey is unarmed.    There has also been a dramatic increase in  break-ins and assaults of the ELDERLY.  Australian politicians are at a loss to explain  how public safety has decreased, after such  monumental effort and expense was expended in  "successfully ridding Australian society of guns."  --------------------------------------------------------  The Australian experience and the other historical  facts above prove it.  --------------------------------------------------------  You won't see this data on the American evening  news or hear our president, governors or other  politicians disseminating this information.  --------------------------------------------------------  Guns in the hands of honest citizens save lives  and property and, yes, gun-control laws affect only  the law-abiding citizens.  --------------------------------------------------------  Take note my fellow Americans.....before it's too  late!  --------------------------------------------------------  The next time someone talks in favor of gun  control, please remind them of this history lesson.  --------------------------------------------------------  With guns, we are citizens.  Without them, we are subjects.  --------------------------------------------------------  If you value your freedom, Please spread this  anti-gun control message to all of your friends.
Nice post HellH0und. I totally agree.
---------------------------------------------------------------------  In 1929, the Soviet Union established gun control.  From 1929 to 1953, about 20 million dissidents,  unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and  exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  In 1911, Turkey established gun control. From 1915  to 1917, 1.5 million Armenians, unable to defend  themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  Germany established gun control in 1938 and from  1939 to 1945, 13 million Jews and others who were  unable to defend themselves were rounded up and  exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  China established gun control in 1935. From 1948  to 1952, 20 million political dissidents, unable to  defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  Guatemala established gun control in 1964. From  1964 to 1981, 100,000 Mayan Indians, unable to  defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  Uganda established gun control in 1970. From 1971  to 1979, 300,000 Christians, unable to defend  themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  Cambodia established gun control in 1956. From  1975 to 1977, one million 'educated' people, unable  to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  Defenseless people rounded up and exterminated in  the 20th Century because of gun control: 56 million.  --------------------------------------------------------  It has now been 12 months since gun owners in  Australia were forced by new law to surrender  640,381 personal firearms to be destroyed by their  own government, a program costing Australia  taxpayers more than $500 million dollars.    The first year results are now in:  Australia-wide, homicides are up 3.2 percent  Australia-wide, assaults are up 8.6 percent  Australia-wide, armed robberies are up 44 percent  (yes, 44 percent!)  In the state of Victoria alone, homicides with  firearms are now up 300 percent.  (Note that while the law-abiding citizens turned  them in, the criminals did not, and criminals still  possess their guns!)  While figures over the previous 25 years showed a  steady decrease in armed robbery with firearms, this  has changed drastically upward in the past 12  months, since the criminals now are guaranteed that  their prey is unarmed.    There has also been a dramatic increase in  break-ins and assaults of the ELDERLY.  Australian politicians are at a loss to explain  how public safety has decreased, after such  monumental effort and expense was expended in  "successfully ridding Australian society of guns."  --------------------------------------------------------  The Australian experience and the other historical  facts above prove it.  --------------------------------------------------------  You won't see this data on the American evening  news or hear our president, governors or other  politicians disseminating this information.  --------------------------------------------------------  Guns in the hands of honest citizens save lives  and property and, yes, gun-control laws affect only  the law-abiding citizens.  --------------------------------------------------------  Take note my fellow Americans.....before it's too  late!  --------------------------------------------------------  The next time someone talks in favor of gun  control, please remind them of this history lesson.  --------------------------------------------------------  With guns, we are citizens.  Without them, we are subjects.  --------------------------------------------------------  If you value your freedom, Please spread this  anti-gun control message to all of your friends.  Liberals would just respond with, 'Trust me'.
Totaly agree, and im from a country that has probably the strictest gun control in the world, but gun crime is continualy rising. These dumb politicians dont live in the real world, they ban legally owned guns thinking that the criminal also has a legaly owned gun, doh.  They call it a free and democratic soceity, yeah right, criminal has a gun and I cant.
Is your point that citizens should be allowed to have guns to defend themselves from the government or that citizens should be allowed to have guns to protect themselves from other citizens?  As for protecting form the government, I highly doubt that the U.S. military would be used to massacre U.S. citizens because its actions are far too public. It certaintly is possible that a more secretive organization such as the NSA would be able to carry out plans such as the ones which you described in other countries. However, do you think it would be possible for ordinary citizens armed with firearms to stop the highly trained employees of the NSA?  As for protection from other citizens, I think that the government should allow this, but I also think that people shouldn't have guns. So if the number of guns owned by citizens in the U.S. were to decrease, I would want it to be a voluntary change, not one forced by the government. There should still be gun regulation just as there is regulation of any product on the market.
Is your point that citizens should be allowed to have guns to defend themselves from the government or that citizens should be allowed to have guns to protect themselves from other citizens?  As for protecting form the government, I highly doubt that the U.S. military would be used to massacre U.S. citizens because its actions are far too public. It certaintly is possible that a more secretive organization such as the NSA would be able to carry out plans such as the ones which you described in other countries. However, do you think it would be possible for ordinary citizens armed with firearms to stop the highly trained employees of the NSA?  As for protection from other citizens, I think that the government should allow this, but I also think that people shouldn't have guns. So if the number of guns owned by citizens in the U.S. were to decrease, I would want it to be a voluntary change, not one forced by the government. There should still be gun regulation just as there is regulation of any product on the market.  You might want to pick up a history book and read it. Try reading both the Federalist and Anti-Federalist Papers for starters. If you were familiar with them, then you would've already had the answer to your first question.  Your selective memory is at work again. As I recall, in Waco military vehicles and equipment were used against the Branch Davidians. Nevermind the presence of members of Delta Force which was denied, at first, by the government. Then they were caught lying again about using flammable tear gas which, ironically enough, is banned by the Geneva Convention for use against enemy troops. In the end, the 'open and shut case' the government thought they had, blew up in their faces because of their lies and abuses. I also recall, at some point around the time of the Great Depression that U.S. troops were called out to quell food riots in New York, I think it was. There were a couple of young officers present by the name of MacArthur and Patton, I believe. There are a few other instances I'm sure.  I note your glee about secret agencies and their awesome firepower in which mere citizens would be defenseless against. Is your closet full of brown shirts? You must be proud.  Huh? You're for protecting yourself against other citizens as long as it doesn't involve guns? Of course, that wouldn't apply to the criminal that you're protecting yourself against! Why don't you read how well your gun bans are working in other countries? Regulation? The only regulation should be mandatory firearms training for all citizens like in Switzerland. Not the 'regulation' that you liberals would propose which, of course, always leads to an outright ban of private ownership. Why do you fear the 'people'?  It doesn't matter what you think, the second amendment is clear enough all by itself. Try reading the Constitution again.
 As for protecting form the government, I highly doubt that the U.S. military would be used to massacre U.S. citizens because its actions are far too public. It certaintly is possible that a more secretive organization such as the NSA would be able to carry out plans such as the ones which you described in other countries. However, do you think it would be possible for ordinary citizens armed with firearms to stop the highly trained employees of the NSA?   I'd like to think that I don't fall into the same conspiracy theorist/ extremist categories as some on this site, but at the same time, the fact of the matter is, government agents already have a record of killing citizens without reprise. The standoff at Waco, the NYPD shooting of Diallo, the FBI shooting at Ruby Ridge. While I don't believe that our government has sinister intentions, I do believe that if a civilian had pulled the trigger in a situation like Ruby ridge, or the Diallo shooting, then that citizen (or citizens in the case of Diallo) then jail time would be served. C'mon, shooting at a man 41 times (only hitting him 19) for reaching for his wallet, and the cops walk, but in the same city, a man defends himself with a handgun from a mugger in an elevator, and they charge him for possesion of a firearm? There is certainly a double standard that allows law enforcement to get away with more than civilians. Like I said before, I don't believe our government has sinister intentions, but there has yet to be a government anywhere that does not betray some of its citizens, and so a level of distrust is certainly appropriate when dealing with any government body, plan, or agent.
What's the point of posting a bunch of propaganda from some biased website? Your whole post proves nothing because it doesn't show a causal relationship between gun control and mass murder. How come Sadam Hussein was able to kill so many of his subjects although gun ownership was common among the Iraqi public? I suppose we could find a way to blame all the world's problems on gun-control. Even this pro-gun website admits that you can't blame the holocaust on gun-control.   "The simple conclusion is that there are no lessons about the efficacy of gun control to be learned from the Germany of the first half of this century. It is all too easy to forget the seductive allure that fascism presented to all the West, bogged down in economic and social morass. What must be remembered is that the Nazis were master manipulators of popular emotion and sentiment, and were disdainful of people thinking for themselves. There is the danger to which we should pay great heed. Not fanciful stories about Nazi's seizing guns."  http://www.guncite.com/gun_control_gcnazimyth.html   So do you want to argue my points or do you want to argue me? Which of my bullits are wrong? Which of them are right?
"Your whole post proves nothing because it doesn't show a causal relationship between gun control and mass murder." I think that applies to all your bullets.   Ok we will leave it as you are incapable of intelligently discussing my points...    Just when you are ready to come get my guns...... remember!   MOLON LABE!
You might want to pick up a history book and read it. Try reading both the Federalist and Anti-Federalist Papers for starters. If you were familiar with them, then you would've already had the answer to your first question.  The anti-federalists disagreed with the federalists, hence the "anti," so how would reading what they wrote clarify anything? It would just provide opposing view points. By the way, that was the 1780s  Your selective memory is at work again. As I recall, in Waco military vehicles and equipment were used against the Branch Davidians. Nevermind the presence of members of Delta Force which was denied, at first, by the government. Then they were caught lying again about using flammable tear gas which, ironically enough, is banned by the Geneva Convention for use against enemy troops. In the end, the 'open and shut case' the government thought they had, blew up in their faces because of their lies and abuses. I also recall, at some point around the time of the Great Depression that U.S. troops were called out to quell food riots in New York, I think it was. There were a couple of young officers present by the name of MacArthur and Patton, I believe. There are a few other instances I'm sure.  And would guns in the hands of citizens have stopped that? Or does publicity, which has only increased since those events, stop them? Your selective reading ability is at work.  I note your glee about secret agencies and their awesome firepower in which mere citizens would be defenseless against. Is your closet full of brown shirts? You must be proud.  And what is the point of this?  Huh? You're for protecting yourself against other citizens as long as it doesn't involve guns? Of course, that wouldn't apply to the criminal that you're protecting yourself against! Why don't you read how well your gun bans are working in other countries? Regulation? The only regulation should be mandatory firearms training for all citizens like in Switzerland. Not the 'regulation' that you liberals would propose which, of course, always leads to an outright ban of private ownership. Why do you fear the 'people'?  Your selective reading ability is at work again. I said that I don't support a gun ban, simply regulation, since there is regulation for ALL products on the market. Then you accuse me of being like every liberal that is conspiring to start an outright gun ban followed by a question about why I fear the people. Maybe you don't notice the contradiction there. You obviously don't trust liberals, perhaps even fear them, yet you say I'm wrong to fear the people, even though I don't.  If you had read my first post correctly, you would have realized that I don't want the government to institute a ban. But at the same time I don't want people to have guns. But I don't think that the guns themselves are the problem. They are more a manifestation of the problems with society, so I government ban would not do anything. It would be more effective to eliminate those problems with society so that people would give up their guns voluntarily. But I'm obviously not sure how to do that right now.  It doesn't matter what you think, the second amendment is clear enough all by itself. Try reading the Constitution again.  It doesn't matter, eh? Then why are you even debating me? Why are there gun control laws in place that haven't been ruled unconstitutional, since obviously the antigun position doesn't matter, and the second amendment is clear enough all by itself?  No, the second amendment isn't exactly clear. I guess its clear if you conveniently leave out "A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state." The key words there are well, regulated, and militia. You see, that first part is implying that the purpose of guns is for the militia and that this militia must be regulated. For who can regulate the militia, let's look to another part of the Constitution, Article 1, Section 8. This section states the powers of Congress. It says, "To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the militia, and for governing such part of them as may be employed in the service of the United States, reserving to the states respectively, the appointment of the officers, and the authority of training the militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress." Wow isn't that interesting. So the Congress can regulate the people who own guns in the country, also known as the militia. Isn't that funny? Maybe that means that Congress can pass laws that will maybe regulate gun usage and give these laws a catchy title like "gun control." You know what else it says in the Constitution: "The President shall be commander in chief of the Army and Navy of the United States, and of the militia of the several states. (Article 2, Section 2)" This means that the President can also control the gun owning members of this country just as he can control the military. It's not quite as clear cut an issue as you might think.
Ok we will leave it as you are incapable of intelligently discussing my points...  What? He clearly responded to your points. He made a valid argument.    Just when you are ready to come get my guns...... remember!  And you're accusing him of not debating properly? That's the best you can do?
If you had read my first post correctly, you would have realized that I don't want the government to institute a ban. But at the same time I don't want people to have guns.   What kind of double talk is this??? Which is it you can not have it both ways?
What? He clearly responded to your points. He made a valid argument.      And you're accusing him of not debating properly? That's the best you can do?    Please. Timbo has only been commenting on personalities not subjects... I do not see why you lunatic fringe need to circle the wagons.    What was his valid point?
It's funny, there are gun-restrictions in Sweden and I have not been rounded up and exterminated yet. Must simply be a matter of time... Honestly, Those arguments are totaly worthless.    Compare the rate of criminality and murders in US and those of the average contries with gun-bans. Where do you think it's highest?    And so you have it... Socialist lunatic fringe view that human lives are only worth what the government says its worth....
What kind of double talk is this??? Which is it you can not have it both ways?  Did you read any of my post besides that? I explained my self clearly. I don't want the GOVERNMENT to institute a ban because I don't think that would solve the crime problem, but I also would strongly encourage people to not own guns because I want a gun free America. I want people to voluntarily give up their guns because that would be a lasting change. But that obviously wouldn't happen with a governmental ban. The way to solve the problem is to solve the social problems that cause gun ownership because gun ownership is more a manifestation of the problem than the problem itself.  Please. Timbo has only been commenting on personalities not subjects... I do not see why you lunatic fringe need to circle the wagons.  Can you not see that obvious hypocrisy in your statement? You say that Tim is wrong for focusing on you and not your arguments (which he didn't even do in the first place), and then you call him or me a lunatic fringe.  I don't get this Rev Hellhound guy. I provide a link to US Department of Justice statistics to back up my claims. He calls these statistics "revisionist history" because they don't agree with some statistics he's found on a pro-gun website. I provide links to data from the Australian Institute for Criminology and the British Crime Survey to show that crime isn't as bad in those nations as he would like to believe. Instead of responding to the data I've presented, he accuses me of being "a typical lunatic fringe liberal" Then I point out that his arguments in this thread show no cause and effect relationship and he says I just want his guns. Is this a joke? I've pointed out that he depends so much on info from progun websites and all he can say is that there was a time when this wasn't the case. Well I'm going to direct my address the arguments that Rev Hellhound is making now and not against arguments that he supposedly made a long time ago.  I think it's pretty funny.  I've got a question for the good reverend. Are you by any chance a member of the Michigan or Montana militia?
I don't get this Rev Hellhound guy. I provide a link to US Department of Justice statistics to back up my claims. He calls these statistics "revisionist history" because they don't agree with some statistics he's found on a pro-gun website.   Wrong.... I called your agendad socialist interpratation of those statistics "revisionist history"   I provide links to data from the Australian Institute for Criminology and the British Crime Survey to show that crime isn't as bad in those nations as he would like to believe.  Hmmm.....   * Gun-free England not such a utopia after all. According to the BBC News, handgun crime in the United Kingdom rose by 40% in the two years after it passed its draconian gun ban in 1997.18 And according to a United Nations study, British citizens are more likely to become a victim of crime than are people in the United States. The 2000 report shows that the crime rate in England is higher than the crime rates of 16 other industrialized nations, including the United States.19    (clue... 19 is a footnote... It reads: 19 John van Kesteren, Pat Mayhew and Paul Nieuwbeerta, "Criminal Victimisation in Seventeen Industrialised Courtries: Key findings from the 2000 International Crime Victims Survey," (2000). This study can be read at http://www.unicri.it/icvs/publications/index_pub.htm. The link is to the ICVS homepage; study data are available for download as Acrobat pdf files.)   * Australia: Readers of the USA Today newspaper discovered in 2002 that, "Since Australia's 1996 laws banning most guns and making it a crime to use a gun defensively, armed robberies rose by 51%, unarmed robberies by 37%, assaults by 24% and kidnappings by 43%. While murders fell by 3%, manslaughter rose by 16%." 154 (154 Dr. John R. Lott, Jr., "Gun laws don't reduce crime," USA Today (May 9, 2002). See also Rhett Watson and Matthew Bayley, "Gun crime up 40pc since Port Arthur," The Daily Telegraph (April 28, 2002). See also supra note 155.)  . British authorities routinely underreport murder statistics. Comparing statistics between different nations can be quite difficult since foreign officials frequently use different standards in compiling crime statistics.  * The British media has remained quite critical of authorities there for "fiddling" with crime data. Consider some of the headlines in their papers: "Crime figures a sham, say police,"161 "Police are accused of fiddling crime data,"162 and "Police figures under-record offences by 20 percent."163  * British police have also criticized the system because of the "widespread manipulation" of crime data:  a. "Officers said that pressure to convince the public that police were winning the fight against crime had resulted in a long list of ruses to 'massage' statistics."164  b. Sgt. Mike Bennett says officers have become increasingly frustrated with the practice of manipulating statistics. "The crime figures are meaningless," he said. "Police everywhere know exactly what is going on."165  c. According to The Electronic Telegraph, "Officers said the recorded level of crime bore no resemblance to the actual amount of crime being committed."166  * Underreporting crime data: "One former Scotland Yard officer told The Telegraph of a series of tricks that rendered crime figures 'a complete sham.' A classic example, he said, was where a series of homes in a block of flats were burgled and were regularly recorded as one crime. Another involved pickpocketing, which was not recorded as a crime unless the victim had actually seen the item being stolen."167  * Underreporting murder data: British crime reporting tactics keep murder rates artificially low. "Suppose that three men kill a woman during an argument outside a bar. They are arrested for murder, but because of problems with identification (the main witness is dead), charges are eventually dropped. In American crime statistics, the event counts as a three-person homicide, but in British statistics it counts as nothing at all. 'With such differences in reporting criteria, comparisons of U.S. homicide rates with British homicide rates is a sham,' [a 2000 report from the Inspectorate of Constabulary] concludes."168     I will let you look up the rest of those footnotes.... http://www.gunowners.org/fs0404.htm     Instead of responding to the data I've presented, he accuses me of being "a typical lunatic fringe liberal" Then I point out that his arguments in this thread show no cause and effect relationship and he says I just want his guns. Is this a joke? I've pointed out that he depends so much on info from progun websites and all he can say is that there was a time when this wasn't the case. Well I'm going to direct my address the arguments that Rev Hellhound is making now and not against arguments that he supposedly made a long time ago.   Whatever.. Who are you talking to? What are you trying to convey... What does ANYTHING you posted have to do with the title of this thread?
Did you read any of my post besides that? I explained my self clearly. I don't want the GOVERNMENT to institute a ban because I don't think that would solve the crime problem, but I also would strongly encourage people to not own guns because I want a gun free America. I want people to voluntarily give up their guns because that would be a lasting change. But that obviously wouldn't happen with a governmental ban. The way to solve the problem is to solve the social problems that cause gun ownership because gun ownership is more a manifestation of the problem than the problem itself.   Ahh ok.. So someday we shall all want to give up our guns... Fine... Governments first.    Can you not see that obvious hypocrisy in your statement? You say that Tim is wrong for focusing on you and not your arguments (which he didn't even do in the first place), and then you call him or me a lunatic fringe.  Of course I do... But why waste my typing risking carpel tunnell on someone who critisizes the poster not the topic....    I think it's pretty funny.   Hilarious.   I've got a question for the good reverend. Are you by any chance a member of the Michigan or Montana militia?   Is this an inquisition?
Copying and pasting a bunch of stuff from some progun website again? Why do you put so much trust in that website? The stuff on that website doesn't agree with the raw data I've seen. The truth is that the UK police has changed its system for recording crime. This change in recording crime made it appear that the crime rate went up. The British Crime Survey, which was unaffected by this changes in how the police record crime, shows a decrease in crime. The BCS is the most accurate measure of crime in England because it takes into account crimes not reported to police.   Oh ok... So thats what the brits did... what did they do count things twice? c'mon.   "Tony Blair says there's no more important issue than street crime - and earlier this year stunned the nation by claiming that by this September he will have brought the problem under control. It's a tough challenge. The latest crime figures say it all. According to the 2002 recorded crime statistics compiled by 43 forces in England and Wales...   Violent crime is up 11 per cent  Robbery is up 28 per cent  Murders are up 4 per cent  Rapes are up 14 per cent."  I see you left that part out of your selective quoting.   Go to the section under violent crime in the British Crime Survey.  "The increase in violent crime recorded by police, in contrast to estimates provided from the BCS, appears to be largely due to increased recording by police forces. Taking into account recording changes, the real trend in violence against the person in 2001/02 is estimated to have been a reduction of around five percent(see Chapter 3)." So when you take into account changes in recording crime, there was an actual decrease in the violent crime rate.   Furthermore there has been a considerable drop in violent crime since 1997: "BCS violence estimate has fallen 17 per cent since 1999 and by 22 percent since 1997, both falls being statistically significant (Table 3.01)." http://www.homeoffice.gov.uk/rds/pdfs2/hosb702.pdf  I do not understand how crime rates go up yet they claim it is "actually down" sounds like spin to me....    The claim that following the gun ban Australia experienced big increases in crime due to Australia's gun buyback has been refuted as an urban legend at www.snopes.com, a website that is committed to exposing urban legends  "Given this context, any claims based on statistics (even accurate ones) which posit a cause-and-effect relationship between the gun buyback program and increased crime rates because 'criminals now are guaranteed that their prey is unarmed' are automatically suspect, since the average Australian citizen didn't own firearms even before the buyback."  http://www.snopes.com/crime/statistics/ausguns.asp  Australia's homicide rate is lower than the homicide rate in the US and there has been little variation in Australia's homicide rate in their buyback. http://www.aic.gov.au/research/homicide/stats/hvr.html  It's also interesting to note that the proportion of homicides committed with guns in Australia has decreased.  http://www.aic.gov.au/research/homicide/stats/type.html  Wrong Snopes said it cannot be determined from the small sampling... but again I see you left that out...   BTW if guns have no effect on crime would you be willing to put a sign in your home saying "Gun free home?"
 I never said the crime rate went up. I said changes in recording crime made it appear that it went up. Stop distorting what I say.  Your pretty slow aren't you... They released a report that said everything was up.. Then they (and you said) oh well thats because we started reporting it differently... So what they are saying is that crime is down even though the new reporting methods show a rise.. in order for this to be true the old methods must have been under reporting actual crime and therefore they would have no way of comparing it. So therefore there is an increase in crime in the UK. whether it is actual or number correcting I guess we do not know. Convienent how this discrepency arises...
And what evidence do you have to show that they didn't start recording it differently? And you still have the problem of explaining the British Crime Survey, a separate measure of crime in the UK which has shown a decrease in crime.   Unless they took into account recording changes which they said they did. "Taking into account recording changes, the real trend in violence against the person in 2001/02 is estimated to have been a reduction of around five percent(see Chapter 3)." http://www.homeoffice.gov.uk/rds/pdfs2/hosb702.pdf    I find the report suspect at best. Going by thier past misinformation I really do not trust it..
What exactly is the 'social problems' that cause gun-ownership and how do you propose to solve them?  One social problem that comes to mind is the mentality starting in middle school and high school that fighting can be used to solve conflicts. People think that fighting is acceptable, and in many cases parents encourage their sons to do it because it makes them more of a "man." Meanwhile, other people come to watch the fight for fun and laugh when someone gets beat up. When you ask them, they say fighting is wrong, but they have no problem using it for friday night entertainment.  I already said that I'm not yet sure how to solve these social problems.
Ahh ok.. So someday we shall all want to give up our guns... Fine... Governments first.   Do you honestly own guns to protect yourself from the government?  Of course I do... But why waste my typing risking carpel tunnell on someone who critisizes the poster not the topic....  You now make negative sense. You agree that you are a hypocrit for criticizing other posters while accusing people of criticizing only other posters, and then you go on to ask why you should risk carpel tunnel syndrome on someone who only criticizes other posters. What? You say this with a straight face while continuing to criticize other posters. Let's review some of your quotes:  I do not see why you lunatic fringe need to circle the wagons.  Socialist lunatic fringe view that human lives are only worth what the government says its worth....  Your pretty slow aren't you  Wow. I particularly like the part where you criticize someone for a lack of intelligence while making an elementary grammar mistake. It's you're not your.  Is this an inquisition?  No, only a joke.
That is true. That should be done something about too. Although I've no idea how either. Although I think a gun-ban should be effective since you can't eliminate criminality entirely, and it's the criminals, lunatics and otherwise unbalanced people that you don't want to have guns or have an easy time getting guns. That can only be accomplished with a gun-ban.  What I fail to understand, and have ye to get any kind of difinitive or enlightening answer to, is what makes you think that criminals are going to be affected by a gun ban?   There are already laws agains killing people, robbing people, etc..., so why would one more law help?
Do you really think a gun-ban would not affect criminals? Sure, they can get guns via black markets but black markets can be found and eliminated, they can get guns via other people, but they still have to get the guns into the country in some way. And smuggling can be worked against. Where do you think criminals would get guns? Explain?   Anti gun/gun control advocates logic is to ban guns and the problem of gun crime will be stopped. This logic does not work with other banned items such as drugs, so how will it work with guns? It will just keep guns away from the law-abiding citizens. After all this is the group of Americans that the anti gun/gun control advocates want to keep guns away from.  Does a right exist that protects the use of the drugs that have been banned?
Do you honestly own guns to protect yourself from the government?    You now make negative sense. You agree that you are a hypocrit for criticizing other posters while accusing people of criticizing only other posters, and then you go on to ask why you should risk carpel tunnel syndrome on someone who only criticizes other posters. What? You say this with a straight face while continuing to criticize other posters. Let's review some of your quotes:        Wow. I particularly like the part where you criticize someone for a lack of intelligence while making an elementary grammar mistake. It's you're not your.    No, only a joke.   DOn't get "your" panties all in a wad.... You can not argue me with logic and intelligence so you resort to correcting my grammmer?   Nice.....
That is true. That should be done something about too. Although I've no idea how either. Although I think a gun-ban should be effective since you can't eliminate criminality entirely, and it's the criminals, lunatics and otherwise unbalanced people that you don't want to have guns or have an easy time getting guns. That can only be accomplished with a gun-ban.   Guns were banned in haiti... England guns are banned but somehow people still get shot...... what you are proposing is called TYRRANNY!
Do you really think a gun-ban would not affect criminals? Sure, they can get guns via black markets but black markets can be found and eliminated, they can get guns via other people, but they still have to get the guns into the country in some way. And smuggling can be worked against. Where do you think criminals would get guns? Explain?  Currently they are called "grey market guns". I bought one for my wife not too long ago. They are brought in through Mexico and canada. The one I bought was an H&K 9mm. Total cost was only $400 (retail is $1200). I even had the number on the thing run to make sure it wasn't stolen. It wasn't.   I would imagine people would get guns the same places they get drugs. I don't do drugs, but I am absolutly certain I could get a bag of weed in under an hour if I wanted one. I don't keep illegal firearms, but I am absolutly certain I could get an M-60 in less than 2 hours (would have to drive a bit for that one).   They haven't managed to control smuggling of drugs, and guns would be MUCH easier to smuggle. Dogs can't be trained to smell them.  I am still not seeing the logic in this. While black amrkets could concievably be found and eliminated, I haven't ye seen anywhere in the world where they have managed this feat. As long as there is money in it, people are going to do it. I know a guy who sells cigarettes that are smuggled in from Mexico by the truckload. They sell for $2 a pack (as opposed tot he after tax price of $4.25). This guy can't be making THAT much money on the deal, but there is money in it, so he does it. Capitolism at its finest.
Guns were banned in haiti... England guns are banned but somehow people still get shot...... what you are proposing is called TYRRANNY!  The part about Haiti is a good one. They had tight bans on gun ownership. So did Sierra Leone, and the DRC.
DOn't get "your" panties all in a wad.... You can not argue me with logic and intelligence so you resort to correcting my grammmer?   Nice.....  Can you read? I have repeatedly shown that you are the one focusing on criticizing other posters. But why don't you just answer some of the questions I have asked pertaining to the argument?
Guns were banned in haiti... England guns are banned but somehow people still get shot...... what you are proposing is called TYRRANNY!  Guns are NOT banned in the U.S., but somehow people still get shot. What objective means are you using to determine that a gun ban would be tyranny?
Of course criminals will get guns but it will be very much harder for them. Do you think that a gun-ban in the long run would mean that more criminals get their hands on guns or that less criminals get their hands on guns? And do you think that if drug use was allowed in the US there would be more drugs or less drugs?    I guess banning drugs are also a tyranny then. Why don't you fight against the laws in US that restricts drug-use?    I still claim: a gun-ban would mean less criminals with guns. Not no criminals with guns. Less. Less enough to warrant the law? It depends on how much rescourses is being put into countering smuggling.  I was reading a deal the opther day about the war on drugs. Did you know that we have spent of 100 billion JUST on sombating the illegal import of drugs since 1985? It seems to me like drugs are widely available. Logic would dictate that in order to make guns any less available than drugs, we would probably have to put at least 10-20 times the money into anti-smuggling efforts for guns as we do for drugs. Thi is because drugs actually have to be smuggled. YOu cannot just pack a cargo container full of drugs and ship it to the us, becuse the dogs would smell it. You could, however, pack a cargo container full of guns, stamp the customs forms "machine parts" or "hammers" or "scrap metal" and unless somebody actaully opened the container to look, nobody woudl be the wiser.
Containers could be randomly searched or checked up in other ways. Do you think that US should allow drugs since it seems that you feel that the rules do little good?  Containers are already randomly searched, almost 10% of them. There are literally millions of cargo containers coming into the US every month. According to the congressional research service, we spend nearly 4 billion a year JUST inspecting cargo. You are talking about unloading every one of them, opening every package, and re-loading them. Don't know if you have ever been to a port to pick up a package from a container that has not yet ben unloaded, but it takes about an hour just to unload the container and find your package, and that is if you are getting a 15,000 lb piece of equipment, I shudder to think how long it would take to find a box that is only big enough to hold, say 500 handguns.  I am for the legalisation of drugs fro an entirely different reason, whihc is because I believe that people should be free, that includes free to fry thier brains if they so desire. I am not so hung up on the morality aspects of getting high that I care if my neiborgh does it. Freedom sometimes means freedom to make mistakes, or even to monumentally stupid things.
I agree that you should have the freedom to make mistakes. To a certain degree. When the mistakes you do is likely to harm others then those mistakes should be prohibited. Not only are drugs very hard to get out of even if that is your wish, so you will use drugs against your will eventually and there is always people that can trick people into using enough drugs to get dependant. Also, when under the influence of drugs you have little or no control over your actions and thus could act in ways that may be harmful to others. Lastly, the craving for drugs can be so great that you resort to criminality to get them. Guns and drugs can both in such great ways affect others that they should be restricted for public use.  I think it depends on the drug. I know a guy who went through detox for a $500/day cocaine habit. 2 years ago, he quite smoking. He claims that quitting smoking was MUCH more difficult than giving up coke. Yet, you don't see smokers knocking over convenience stores to support their habit. I think that biggest effect that we would observe from the legalization of marajuana would most likely be an increase in the sale of snack foods.   AS far as guns go, I am still not convinced that guns in the hands of the public at large are dangerous. Guns in the hands of criminals are a nasty business. I believe a valid point was made here not too long ago about guns being heavily restricted in Haiti. THe revolutionaries seem to have plenty of them. There is also the question of Sierra Leone. Pls, do a search and get some infor on that one (I saw it first hand).   In a nutshell, a civil war broke out, guns were outlawed for the population at large. The gurillas were being supported by certain foreign factions, but their supply lines were poorly designed. They used their ammo against the gevoernment forces, and used machettes and strong arm tactics against the population at large. The population was entirely defenseless. Take a look over on Amnesty Intl's web page, they have several reports on Sierra Leone, as well as some nice pictures of children whose arms have been hacked off, eyes put out with hot pokers, an interesting story about a 13 yr old girl who was raped to death in front of her family.  I have seen enoguh of that kind of thing that I cannot sleep at night. This is why I am staunchly pro-gun. If there is one lesson that individuals can take from such things, it is that your government cannot protect you against domestic threats. Even when you are talking about small scale stuff like a prowler in the house, nationwide average police response time in a metropolitan area is 7 minutes! Seven minutes is s VERY long time when you are talking a life and death situation.   Right now, the odds of a wide spread uprising in the United States is slim, as was it at the time our constitution was written. The second amendment was included in the constitution as insurance against a time when it is not so unlikely. The second amendment is the smoke detector of the bill of rights. You hope you never really need it, but yu keep it in good working order just to be sure.  I generally don't fear my government, I sometimes fear my fellow man. This is the problem (as I percieve it) with the socialist doctorine. It assumes that human beings want to live together in a utopian society and everybody will be willing to pull their load for the greater good. History shows us that human beings are greedy, manipulative, blood thirsty species hiding under a thin veil of civility.
You are still going to be searching cargo for contraband for normal customs tax reasons, you will be carrying out these searchs until you lift all restriction on what can be taken into the country.  Honestly I think people overestimate the ease of getting drugs just like that, it is not in the interest of the dealers being that easy to get hold of, guns would be even more difficult as you won't have to keep going back and will have no need to remain loyal to your dealer once you have what you want and the cost will be higher so you are less likely to be able to just get them off a friend who had got a gun in the past (who would be quite unlikely to offer you his given the most probable use of a black market gun).   But it does seem to be pretty easy to get ahold of drugs. I was in Kansas city missouri a while back and had 3 people walk up to me on the street and offer to sell me drugs. Granted, I was in a bad part of town, but still, 3 people in the less that 30 minutes I was there. That is pathetic!  So far, the cost on grey market guns is much lower. They are not subject to multiple markups, thea re not subject to regulation, and they are not sold by folks like gun dealers and weapons importers that are subject to high overhead.  I have a friend in S Africa who was telling me once about a great source he had for K&K MP5-S (the silenced version of the famous MP5). He had found a guy that was selling used/refurbed versions for only a few hundred bucks. I told him "I wish I could find a source like that".  5 weeks later, a box arrived from south africa with a silenced MP5 and 10 magazines. THis was a fully automatic firearm which had passed through customs and been shipped right to my door. If I was a criminal, I would have, of course, just kept the thing. Since I am not a criminal, I torch cut the reciever to BATF specs.  This is one of the (many) reasons I do not believe a firearms ban is the solution to any problem. Countries with strict gun laws still seem to have gun related crime (or, probably more properly, crime related gun use).
Drugs tend to lend themselves more to that kind of selling, guns would be nearer to trying to buy stolen sports cars, something that presumably if illegal would have quite a bit of monitering on them, are not really repeat buys (you have to be exessively rich to have a 20 a day Merc habit;)) and require more connections.  The SA MP5 seems a little worrying though :(  Why wouls selling guns be any different, especially if they are easier (so common sense dictates more often) to imported than drugs?   My brother smoke pot occasionally. HE came to visit and wanted some so he wandered around in a bar until somebody hooked him up. It is not that complicated.
Individual guns are easier in import, not so sure they would be on mass, also how illegal now is it to import guns into the US?  As for the difference, you don't use guns as often as drugs so you don't need to keep going back for more, hence the gun dealers don't have to be so open as they will likely be doing one-time sales to people. Drugs make money because people have to keep buying them while guns do not- the economic of them is different, as I said before I think the economic of illegal guns would be more similar to that of illegal cars (expensive one-time purchases) rather than drugs (continual purchases)   By that logic, they would not have offered to sell me drugs. A white guy at 62nd and the paseo (kansas city missouri) driving a jag at 11:00 at night is definatly going to be a one time purchase (since if he made a habit of it he would most likely be killed).  AS far as stolen cars, people buy them all the time and just don't know it. They are re-registered and resold. There was a big deal about 6 yrs ago in missouri because the attorney general of that state wanted to crack down on cars that had been stolen and re-titled. It turns out that her personal vehicle had been stolen and re-titled. She had no idea, the dealer she bought it from had no idea. Want to know where to buy a stolen car? Try a used car lot, no big deal.  It would be a lot easier to smuggle a crate full of guns than is to smuggle a single on. Single packages are more heavily scrutinized than containers or large crates. I order a lot of stufff from overseas, and a lot of time I will get a small package that had been opened by customs. It is no big deal. They also X-ray small packages (so if you ever order film or radiation sensitive items from outside the US, make sure you have the shipper mark it clearly). I have yet to have a crate arrive that has been opened. They just don't do it, it costs too much to have thousands of crates searched. I the customs decleration says "teddy bears", that is good enough for them.  It seems to me that the exact inverse of your scenario is probable. Since they are so easily imprted, and so cheap to purchase in ther countries, supply and demand would dictate that there would be a greater number of guns available at rock bottom prices.   I think we would also see a major change in what types of firearms we see on the street. Currently, the most common firearm in the united states is shotguns. They are used for hunting almost everything. Next common is sporting rifles, followed by hadguns, "assault weapons", submachine guns, and last, machine guns. If you are going to go to the trouble of illegally importing weapons, why not just start with machine pistols and SMG's? There would be no reason to mess with sporting rifles or shotguns. You can buy a kalishnikov overseas for half the price of a deer rifle, and if they are all equally illegal, why not do it?  The cun ban scenario seems to me like a good way to disarm victims, and arm criminals with military weapons. This has happened in other countries that have enacted gun bans (in fact this is EXACTLY what happened in Sierra Leone). I think in the future, the british are going to see this start to occur. These things take time to develope, though. When they first passed theri gun ban, crime dopped for the first year, and the anti gunners all went "LOOK, IT WORKED!!". It took a while for the criminals to change tactics in response to the new social situation. Now that some time has passed, we can look and see that it certainly has NOT worked. Somewhere on here there is a thread about arming british police officers. Ranking officials seem to think this is needed because of the rash of violent crimes in the UK. We can argue that this has nothing to do with their gun ban, but we both know differently. And that is the UK, which tends to have a much more reserved and nonviolent public than the US.
Crime up Down Under Since Australia's gun ban, armed robberies increase 45%  By Jon E. Dougherty © 2000 WorldNetDaily.com   Since Australia banned private ownership of most guns in 1996, crime has risen dramatically on that continent, prompting critics of U.S. gun control efforts to issue new warnings of what life in America could be like if Congress ever bans firearms.   After Australian lawmakers passed widespread gun bans, owners were forced to surrender about 650,000 weapons, which were later slated for destruction, according to statistics from the Australian Sporting Shooters Association.   The bans were not limited to so-called "assault" weapons or military-type firearms, but also to .22 rifles and shotguns. The effort cost the Australian government about $500 million, said association representative Keith Tidswell.   Though lawmakers responsible for passing the ban promised a safer country, the nation's crime statistics tell a different story:   Countrywide, homicides are up 3.2 percent;   Assaults are up 8.6 percent;   Amazingly, armed robberies have climbed nearly 45 percent;   In the Australian state of Victoria, gun homicides have climbed 300 percent;   In the 25 years before the gun bans, crime in Australia had been dropping steadily;   There has been a reported "dramatic increase" in home burglaries and assaults on the elderly.   At the time of the ban, which followed an April 29, 1996 shooting at a Port Arthur tourist spot by lone gunman Martin Bryant, the continent had an annual murder-by-firearm rate of about 1.8 per 100,000 persons, "a safe society by any standards," said Tidswell. But such low rates of crime and rare shootings did not deter then-Prime Minister John Howard from calling for and supporting the weapons ban.  Since the ban has been in effect, membership in the Australian Sporting Shooters Association has climbed to about 112,000 -- a 200 percent increase.   Australian press accounts report that the half a million-plus figure of weapons turned in to authorities so far only represents a tiny fraction of the guns believed to be in the country.   According to one report, in March 1997 the number of privately-held firearms in Australia numbered around 10 million. "In the State of Queensland," for example, the report said only "80,000 guns have been seized out of a total of approximately 3 million, a tiny fraction."   And, said the report, 15 percent of the more than half a million guns collected came from licensed gun dealers.   Moreover, a black market allegedly has developed in the country. The report said about 1 million Chinese-made semi-automatics, "one type of gun specifically targeted by the new law," have been imported and sold throughout the country.   Larry Pratt, executive director of Gun Owners of America, said the situation in Australia reminds him of Great Britain, where English lawmakers have passed similar restrictive gun control laws.   "In fact, when you brought up the subject of this interview, I didn't hear you clearly -- I thought you were talking about England, not Australia," Pratt told WorldNetDaily. "It's hard to tell the difference between them."   Pratt said officials in both countries can "no longer control what the criminals do," because an armed society used to serve as a check on the power and influence of the criminal element.   Worse, Pratt said he was "offended by people who say, basically, that I don't have a right to defend myself or my family." Specifically, during debates with gun control advocates like members of Handgun Control, Inc. or similar organizations, Pratt said he routinely asks them if they're "against self defense."   Most often, he said, "they don't say anything -- they just don't answer me. But occasionally I'll get one of them to admit it and say 'yes.'"   Pratt said, based on the examples of democracies that have enacted near-total bans on private firearm ownership, that the same thing could happen to Americans. His organization routinely researches and reports incidents that happen all over the country when private armed citizens successfully defend themselves against armed robbers or intruders, but "liberals completely ignore this reality."   Pratt, who said was scheduled to appear in a televised discussion later in the day about a shooting incident between two first graders in Michigan on Tuesday, said he was in favor of allowing teachers to carry weapons to protect themselves and their students on campus.   Pratt pointed to the example of a Pearl, Mississippi teacher who, in 1997, armed with his own handgun, was able to blunt the killing spree of Luke Woodham.   "By making schools and even entire communities 'gun free zones,' you're basically telling the criminal element that you're unarmed and extremely vulnerable," Pratt said.   Pratt also warned against falling into the gun registration trap.   "Governments will ask you to trust them to allow gun registration, then use those registration lists to later confiscate the firearms," he said. "It's happened countless times throughout history."   Sarah Brady, head of Handgun Control, Inc., issued a statement calling on lawmakers in Michigan and in Washington to pass more restrictive gun access laws.   "This horrible tragedy should send a clear message to lawmakers in Michigan and around the country: they should quickly pass child access prevention or 'safe storage' laws that make it a crime to leave a loaded firearm where it is accessible by children," Brady said.   Brady also blamed gun makers for the Michigan shooting.   "The responsibility for shootings like these do not stop at the hands of the gun owner," Brady said. "Why are ... gun makers manufacturing weapons that a six-year old child can fire? This makes no rational sense. When will gun makers realize that they bear a responsibility to make sure that their products do not mete out preventable deaths, and that they do not warrant nor deserve special protection from the law to avoid that burden? Instead of safeguarding the gun makers, we should be childproofing the guns."   In contrast to near-complete bans in Australia and Great Britain, many U.S. states have passed liberal concealed carry laws that allow private citizens to obtain a permit to carry a loaded gun at all times in most public places. According to Yale University researcher John R. Lott, formerly of the University of Chicago and a gun control analyst who has conducted the most extensive study on the impact of concealed carry laws in the nation's history, the more liberal the right to carry, the less violent crime occurs.   Lott, who examined a mass of crime data spanning decades in all 3,200-plus counties in the United States, concluded that the most important factor in the deterrence of violent crimes were increased police presence and longer jail sentences. However, his research also demonstrated that liberal concealed carry laws were at the top of the list of reasons violent crime has dropped steadily since those laws began to be enacted by state legislatures a decade ago.   The Center to Prevent Handgun Violence, a division of Handgun Control, Inc., disagreed with Lott's findings, as well as the overall assumption that a reduction in the availability of guns in society reduces violent crime.   "Using violent crime data provided by the FBI, the Center to Prevent Handgun Violence determined that, on average over a five-year period, violent crime dropped almost 25 percent in states that limit or prohibit carrying concealed weapons," the Center said. "This compares with only a 11 percent drop in states with lax concealed carry weapons (CCW) laws. Moreover, states with some of the strongest laws against concealed weapons experienced the largest drops."   Without naming its source, the Center also claimed "a prominent criminologist from Johns Hopkins University has stated that Lott's study was so flawed that 'nothing can be learned of it,' and that it should not be used as the basis for policy-making."   In his most recent research, Lott noted a few examples of mass shootings in schools when teachers who were armed, albeit illegally, were able to prevent further loss of life among students indiscriminately targeted by other students with guns.   Ironically, both Lott and Handgun Control acknowledge that the reams of gun control laws on the books in Washington and in all 50 states have been ineffective in eradicating mass shootings or preventing children from bringing weapons to school. However, Lott's research indicates the criminal element has been successful in obtaining weapons despite widespread bans and gun control laws, while HCI continues to push for more laws that further restrict, license or eliminate handguns and long guns.
Gun bans don't equal freedom  Posted: January 3, 2003 1:00 a.m. Eastern  © 2003 WorldNetDaily.com   A couple of the West's democracies are behaving less and less like the bastions of freedom they claim to be and more like authoritarian regimes rife with little Napoleons who want absolute control over their respective masses.   Our Canadian neighbors have just implemented a nationwide gun registration plan that is already so grossly over budget, heads should roll. The $100 million-turned-$1 billion program to register the nation's 7.5 million firearms is proceeding apace; violators - rotten criminals that they are - face up to $2,000 in fines and five years in jail if they didn't register by Jan. 1.   In Britain, meanwhile, police are planning to implement another firearms amnesty, despite the fact that a ban on handgun ownership was implemented in 1997 and 60,000 guns were turned in during the first amnesty a decade earlier. As one analyst put it, when English police didn't carry guns, there were few gun bans and crime was low. Now that they do, gun bans abound and crime is up. Go figure.   Both of these measures are, as usual, being sold to the public and the world as "crime prevention" policies. Yet crime does not decline appreciably under such strict firearms rules. In fact, such regulations often create whole new classes of victims - victims that, before bans and amnesties, were able to defend themselves more effectively.   That's not freedom, it's enslavement. Anything that makes people less dependent upon themselves and more dependent on government is anathema to liberty.   Leaders of truly free countries trust their own citizens to be armed. They trust them because they have no designs on usurping power or becoming dictatorial. They trust them because they rely on them to help police enforce laws, to keep invaders out, and to keep citizens safe.   History has proven that only leaders who fear an armed populace seek to disarm them - see Adolph Hitler, Joseph Stalin, Mao Tse Tung and, more recently, Fidel Castro. History has also shown that an armed populace is the people's best defense against authoritarianism - see the American Revolution, circa 1776.   Gun-control laws are not indicative of the kind of benevolence a government must demonstrate in order to be kind to freedom and individualism.   In the United States, there is a growing absence of this kind of benevolence. Though lawmakers know they cannot ban all guns outright, for example, they enact de facto bans, like the one on handguns in Maryland. As of Jan. 1, all handguns sold in the state must be designed with built-in trigger locks. Gun dealers there say dozens of models won't qualify and that manufacturers have no intention of building handguns that do qualify. That means, of course, that many will go out of business. Presto - instant pseudo-gun ban.   In many major cities, some guns - mostly handguns - are banned completely, unless you happen to be a police officer or federal agent. Yet there's still plenty of crime, meaning lots of innocent people would be alive today if they were legally able to possess the means to defend themselves.   That's another trend here in the U.S. - making gun-control laws apply to ordinary citizens but not to local, state and federal police forces. How anathema to freedom for leaders to disarm "regular folk" while empowering and arming only those who enforce the laws. How comforting for the liberty-minded to know he or she will have no effective defense against criminals and out-of-control government agents and police alike.   Gun control laws serve the state and only the state. They don't serve liberty and freedom any more than laws against freedom of speech, religion or of the press are conducive to self-determination and independence.   What the government gives the government can also take away, unless a free people determined to fight oppression have the means to do so.
Does Australia & Britain have a right like the 2nd amend? If these countries do not have a right like the 2nd amend then what good does it do to compare these countries with the USA?
Does Australia & Britain have a right like the 2nd amend? If these countries do not have a right like the 2nd amend then what good does it do to compare these countries with the USA?  Huh? For one thing, it demonstrates that 'gun control' does not equal a reduction in crime. Another thing, 'registration leads to confiscation'. Remember that next a politician HERE makes that suggestion (See also; Nazi Germany). And yet another, is the fact that anti-gunners often celebrate these 'successes' in Britain and Australia and model their own attempts to disarm Americans after the British and Australian plans.  Next question...
Great Britain and Gun Control: With Neither Liberty nor Safety   Miguel A. Faria Jr., M.D. Tuesday July 11, 2000   Great Britain, which gave birth to the great political philosophy of classic liberalism and to America, the flowering of Western civilization, is in moral decline.  Not content with holding Gen. Augusto Pinochet hostage, Britain now holds its own citizens hostage like an authoritarian nation that distrusts its own citizens with firearms.(1)  Since 1996, when a madman went on a rampage killing 16 children and their teacher in Dunblane, Scotland, Great Britain has tightened to strangulation its already draconian gun control laws so that only certified members of approved target-shooting clubs are allowed to own guns. These must be .22 caliber or smaller and must be kept locked up at the club at all times.  Guns have been virtually banned, and the God-given right to self-defense has been virtually abrogated in England.  Dramatic Increase in Robberies and Other Crime  And yet, crime has steadily risen in Britain in the last several years. The U.S. Department of Justice says a person is nearly twice as likely to be robbed, assaulted or have a vehicle stolen in Britain as in the United States. Although the U.S. remains ahead of Britain in rates of murder and rape, the gap is rapidly narrowing.  And while robberies rose 81 percent in England and Wales, they fell 28 percent in the United States. Likewise, assaults increased 53 percent in England and Wales but declined 27 percent in the United States. Burglaries doubled in England but fell by half in the United States. And while motor vehicle theft rose 51 percent in England, it remained the same in America.  To make matters worse for England - and this is also true for Canada - in those countries where citizens are disarmed in their own homes, day burglary is commonplace and dangerous because criminals know they will not be shot at if caught flagrante delicto. Not so in the U.S., where burglars not only prefer night burglaries but try to make sure homeowners are not in to avoid being shot at by the intended victim.  The rising tide of thievery and burglaries in England has dubbed Britain "a nation of thieves," wrote the London Sunday Times, which noted: "More than one in three British men has a criminal record by the age of 40. While America has cut its crime rate dramatically Britain remains the crime capital of the West. Where have we gone wrong?"(2) Perhaps England should look introspectively.  The most drastic ascendancy of crimes in Britain was found in those types of felonies where recent studies in the U.S. have shown that guns in the hands of law-abiding citizens not only save lives but also protect private property, reduce injuries to good people, and crime is generally deterred.(3)  Writing in the May/June 2000 issue of the Medical Sentinel of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons (AAPS), Dr. Michael S. Brown writes that while the British laws have disarmed law-abiding citizens, "a black market has flourished, as usual with prohibitions, to supply criminal elements. Up to 3 million illegal guns are in circulation in Britain, leading to a rise in drive-by shootings and gangland-style executions."  Dr. Brown continues, "Young criminals (ages 15 to 25 with prior convictions), according to the Sunday Times, 'own or have access to guns ranging from Beretta submachine guns to Luger pistols, which can be bought from underworld dealers for as little as £200 ($320 U.S.).'"(4) In the U.S., ordinary citizens shoot three times as many criminals in self-defense as do the police.  Recent work by professor John R. Lott Jr. at the University of Chicago has shown that allowing people to carry concealed weapons deters violent crime - without any apparent increase in accidental death or suicide. While neither state waiting periods nor the federal Brady Law is associated with a reduction in crime rates, adopting concealed-carry gun laws cuts death rates from public, multiple shootings like those in Littleton, Colo., this year or Dunblane, Scotland in 1996.  Professor Lott found that when concealed-carry laws went into effect in a given county, murders fell by 8 percent, rapes by 5 percent and aggravated assaults by 7 percent. For each additional year concealed-carry gun laws have been in effect, the murder rate declines by 3 percent, robberies by more than 2 percent and rape by 1 percent.(5)  Women Using Guns for Self-Defense  Moreover, studies in the U.S. have shown that guns are the great equalizer for females when accosted in the streets or assaulted in their homes.  When a woman is armed with a gun, up to 83 percent of the time she will be successful at preventing rape, and only half as likely of being injured in the process.(3) These figures should be good news in the U.S. for the 17 million American women estimated to carry guns, but not for those in Great Britain who have been proscribed from keeping guns for self-protection.  While the number of rapes in the U.S. is still higher than in Great Britain, it is falling, whereas the rate of sex crimes and violent assaults in England and Wales is increasing rapidly because of their permissive criminal justice system and even greater tendency than the U.S. to rehabilitate rather than punish criminals - and, of course, the stringent policy of citizen disarmament.  This pusillanimous policy advertises to sex criminals that they have nothing to fear not only from their criminal justice system but also from their intended victims.  Will the British require another American Revolution to come to their moral senses? Or, instead, will we Americans reject our Second Amendment, the palladium of our liberties and our legacy of freedom?  References  1. Faria, M.A. Jr. "England and Gun Control: Moral Decline of an Empire." Medical Sentinel 1999; 4(2); 52-55.  2. Ungoed-Thomas J. A nation of thieves. London Sunday Times, Jan. 11, 1998.  3. Faria, M.A. Jr. "Medical Warrior: Fighting Corporate Socialized Medicine." Macon, Ga., Hacienda Publishing Inc., 1997, pp. 107-120.  4. Brown, M.S. "Results are in for Britain: 'Less guns,' more crime. Medical Sentinel 2000; 5(3):106, http://www.haciendapub.com.  5. Lott, J.R. "More Guns Less Crime: Understanding Crime and Gun Control Laws." Chicago, University of Chicago Press, 1998.
The Great Australian Gun Law Con  http://www.vangcomp.com/registration.html
Was the question that hard? I can repeat it for you since it appears you did not answer it.   Does Australian have a right like the 2nd amend to prevent guns from being banned?  This too is asked of the other countries that have banned guns such as England and Canada!
You cannot compare the US to the UK because the UK does not have a right like the 2nd amend. What do the anti gun/gun control advocates call it? Comparing apples to oranges?  Now if you want to compare the US to another country with gun deaths find another country that has a right like the 2nd amend  Are you a citizen of the US or the UK?
Was the question that hard? I can repeat it for you since it appears you did not answer it.   Does Australian have a right like the 2nd amend to prevent guns from being banned?  This too is asked of the other countries that have banned guns such as England and Canada!  Evidently, the LEGITIMACY of the comparrison is beyond your comprehension. But to answer your silly question, 'not that I am aware of.' Can you be any more obscure?
Gun Control's Twisted Outcome  Restricting firearms has helped make England more crime-ridden than the U.S.  By Joyce Lee Malcolm  On a June evening two years ago, Dan Rather made many stiff British upper lips quiver by reporting that England had a crime problem and that, apart from murder, "theirs is worse than ours." The response was swift and sharp. "Have a Nice Daydream," The Mirror, a London daily, shot back, reporting: "Britain reacted with fury and disbelief last night to claims by American newsmen that crime and violence are worse here than in the US." But sandwiched between the article's battery of official denials -- "totally misleading," "a huge over-simplification," "astounding and outrageous" -- and a compilation of lurid crimes from "the wild west culture on the other side of the Atlantic where every other car is carrying a gun," The Mirror conceded that the CBS anchorman was correct. Except for murder and rape, it admitted, "Britain has overtaken the US for all major crimes."  In the two years since Dan Rather was so roundly rebuked, violence in England has gotten markedly worse. Over the course of a few days in the summer of 2001, gun-toting men burst into an English court and freed two defendants; a shooting outside a London nightclub left five women and three men wounded; and two men were machine-gunned to death in a residential neighborhood of north London. And on New Year's Day this year a 19-year-old girl walking on a main street in east London was shot in the head by a thief who wanted her mobile phone. London police are now looking to New York City police for advice.  None of this was supposed to happen in the country whose stringent gun laws and 1997 ban on handguns have been hailed as the "gold standard" of gun control. For the better part of a century, British governments have pursued a strategy for domestic safety that a 1992 Economist article characterized as requiring "a restraint on personal liberty that seems, in most civilised countries, essential to the happiness of others," a policy the magazine found at odds with "America's Vigilante Values." The safety of English people has been staked on the thesis that fewer private guns means less crime. The government believes that any weapons in the hands of men and women, however law-abiding, pose a danger, and that disarming them lessens the chance that criminals will get or use weapons.  The results -- the toughest firearm restrictions of any democracy -- are credited by the world's gun control advocates with producing a low rate of violent crime. U.S. Supreme Court Justice Lewis Powell reflected this conventional wisdom when, in a 1988 speech to the American Bar Association, he attributed England's low rates of violent crime to the fact that "private ownership of guns is strictly controlled."   In reality, the English approach has not re-duced violent crime. Instead it has left law-abiding citizens at the mercy of criminals who are confident that their victims have neither the means nor the legal right to resist them. Imitating this model would be a public safety disaster for the United States.  The illusion that the English government had protected its citizens by disarming them seemed credible because few realized the country had an astonishingly low level of armed crime even before guns were restricted. A government study for the years 1890-92, for example, found only three handgun homicides, an average of one a year, in a population of 30 million. In 1904 there were only four armed robberies in London, then the largest city in the world. A hundred years and many gun laws later, the BBC reported that England's firearms restrictions "seem to have had little impact in the criminal underworld." Guns are virtually outlawed, and, as the old slogan predicted, only outlaws have guns. Worse, they are increasingly ready to use them.  Nearly five centuries of growing civility ended in 1954. Violent crime has been climbing ever since. Last December, London's Evening Standard reported that armed crime, with banned handguns the weapon of choice, was "rocketing." In the two years following the 1997 handgun ban, the use of handguns in crime rose by 40 percent, and the upward trend has continued. From April to November 2001, the number of people robbed at gunpoint in London rose 53 percent.  Gun crime is just part of an increasingly lawless environment. From 1991 to 1995, crimes against the person in England's inner cities increased 91 percent. And in the four years from 1997 to 2001, the rate of violent crime more than doubled. Your chances of being mugged in London are now six times greater than in New York. England's rates of assault, robbery, and burglary are far higher than America's, and 53 percent of English burglaries occur while occupants are at home, compared with 13 percent in the U.S., where burglars admit to fearing armed homeowners more than the police. In a United Nations study of crime in 18 developed nations published in July, England and Wales led the Western world's crime league, with nearly 55 crimes per 100 people.  This sea change in English crime followed a sea change in government policies. Gun regulations have been part of a more general disarmament based on the proposition that people don't need to protect themselves because society will protect them. It also will protect their neighbors: Police advise those who witness a crime to "walk on by" and let the professionals handle it.   This is a reversal of centuries of common law that not only permitted but expected individuals to defend themselves, their families, and their neighbors when other help was not available. It was a legal tradition passed on to Americans. Personal security was ranked first among an individual's rights by William Blackstone, the great 18th-century exponent of the common law. It was a right, he argued, that no government could take away, since no government could protect the individual in his moment of need. A century later Blackstone's illustrious successor, A.V. Dicey, cautioned, "discourage self-help and loyal subjects become the slaves of ruffians."  But modern English governments have put public order ahead of the individual's right to personal safety. First the government clamped down on private possession of guns; then it forbade people to carry any article that might be used for self-defense; finally, the vigor of that self-defense was to be judged by what, in hindsight, seemed "reasonable in the circumstances."  The 1920 Firearms Act was the first serious British restriction on guns. Although crime was low in England in 1920, the government feared massive labor disruption and a Bolshevik revolution. In the circumstances, permitting the people to remain armed must have seemed an unnecessary risk. And so the new policy of disarming the public began. The Firearms Act required a would-be gun owner to obtain a certificate from the local chief of police, who was charged with determining whether the applicant had a good reason for possessing a weapon and was fit to do so. All very sensible. Parliament was assured that the intention was to keep weapons out of the hands of criminals and other dangerous persons. Yet from the start the law's enforcement was far more restrictive, and Home Office instructions to police -- classified until 1989 -- periodically narrowed the criteria.   At first police were instructed that it would be a good reason to have a revolver if a person "lives in a solitary house, where protection against thieves and burglars is essential, or has been exposed to definite threats to life on account of his performance of some public duty." By 1937 police were to discourage applications to possess firearms for house or personal protection. In 1964 they were told "it should hardly ever be necessary to anyone to possess a firearm for the protection of his house or person" and that "this principle should hold good even in the case of banks and firms who desire to protect valuables or large quantities of money."   In 1969 police were informed "it should never be necessary for anyone to possess a firearm for the protection of his house or person." These changes were made without public knowledge or debate. Their enforcement has consumed hundreds of thousands of police hours. Finally, in 1997 handguns were banned. Proposed exemptions for handicapped shooters and the British Olympic team were rejected.  Even more sweeping was the 1953 Prevention of Crime Act, which made it illegal to carry in a public place any article "made, adapted, or intended" for an offensive purpose "without lawful authority or excuse." Carrying something to protect yourself was branded antisocial. Any item carried for possible defense automatically became an offensive weapon. Police were given extensive power to stop and search everyone. Individuals found with offensive items were guilty until proven innocent.  During the debate over the Prevention of Crime Act in the House of Commons, a member from Northern Ireland told his colleagues of a woman employed by Parliament who had to cross a lonely heath on her route home and had armed herself with a knitting needle. A month earlier, she had driven off a youth who tried to snatch her handbag by jabbing him "on a tender part of his body." Was it to be an offense to carry a knitting needle? The attorney general assured the M.P. that the woman might be found to have a reasonable excuse but added that the public should be discouraged "from going about with offensive weapons in their pockets; it is the duty of society to protect them."  Another M.P. pointed out that while "society ought to undertake the defense of its members, nevertheless one has to remember that there are many places where society cannot get, or cannot get there in time. On those occasions a man has to defend himself and those whom he is escorting. It is not very much consolation that society will come forward a great deal later, pick up the bits, and punish the violent offender."  In the House of Lords, Lord Saltoun argued: "The object of a weapon was to assist weakness to cope with strength and it is this ability that the bill was framed to destroy. I do not think any government has the right, though they may very well have the power, to deprive people for whom they are responsible of the right to defend themselves." But he added: "Unless there is not only a right but also a fundamental willingness amongst the people to defend themselves, no police force, however large, can do it."  That willingness was further undermined by a broad revision of criminal law in 1967 that altered the legal standard for self-defense. Now everything turns on what seems to be "reasonable" force against an assailant, considered after the fact. As Glanville Williams notes in his Textbook of Criminal Law, that requirement is "now stated in such mitigated terms as to cast doubt on whether it [self-defense] still forms part of the law."  The original common law standard was similar to what still prevails in the U.S. Americans are free to carry articles for their protection, and in 33 states law-abiding citizens may carry concealed guns. Americans may defend themselves with deadly force if they believe that an attacker is about to kill or seriously injure them, or to prevent a violent crime. Our courts are mindful that, as Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes observed, "detached reflection cannot be demanded in the presence of an upraised knife."   But English courts have interpreted the 1953 act strictly and zealously. Among articles found illegally carried with offensive intentions are a sandbag, a pickaxe handle, a stone, and a drum of pepper. "Any article is capable of being an offensive weapon," concede the authors of Smith and Hogan Criminal Law, a popular legal text, although they add that if the article is unlikely to cause an injury the onus of proving intent to do so would be "very heavy."  The 1967 act has not been helpful to those obliged to defend themselves either. Granville Williams points out: "For some reason that is not clear, the courts occasionally seem to regard the scandal of the killing of a robber as of greater moment than the safety of the robber's victim in respect of his person and property."  A sampling of cases illustrates the impact of these measures:   In 1973 a young man running on a road at night was stopped by the police and found to be carrying a length of steel, a cycle chain, and a metal clock weight. He explained that a gang of youths had been after him. At his hearing it was found he had been threatened and had previously notified the police. The justices agreed he had a valid reason to carry the weapons. Indeed, 16 days later he was attacked and beaten so badly he was hospitalized. But the prosecutor appealed the ruling, and the appellate judges insisted that carrying a weapon must be related to an imminent and immediate threat. They sent the case back to the lower court with directions to convict.   In 1987 two men assaulted Eric Butler, a 56-year-old British Petroleum executive, in a London subway car, trying to strangle him and smashing his head against the door. No one came to his aid. He later testified, "My air supply was being cut off, my eyes became blurred, and I feared for my life." In desperation he unsheathed an ornamental sword blade in his walking stick and slashed at one of his attackers, stabbing the man in the stomach. The assailants were charged with wounding. Butler was tried and convicted of carrying an offensive weapon.    In 1994 an English homeowner, armed with a toy gun, managed to detain two burglars who had broken into his house while he called the police. When the officers arrived, they arrested the homeowner for using an imitation gun to threaten or intimidate. In a similar incident the following year, when an elderly woman fired a toy cap pistol to drive off a group of youths who were threatening her, she was arrested for putting someone in fear. Now the police are pressing Parliament to make imitation guns illegal.   In 1999 Tony Martin, a 55-year-old Norfolk farmer living alone in a shabby farmhouse, awakened to the sound of breaking glass as two burglars, both with long criminal records, burst into his home. He had been robbed six times before, and his village, like 70 percent of rural English communities, had no police presence. He sneaked downstairs with a shotgun and shot at the intruders. Martin received life in prison for killing one burglar, 10 years for wounding the second, and a year for having an unregistered shotgun. The wounded burglar, having served 18 months of a three-year sentence, is now free and has been granted £5,000 of legal assistance to sue Martin.  The failure of English policy to produce a safer society is clear, but what of British jibes about "America's vigilante values" and our much higher murder rate?  Historically, America has had a high homicide rate and England a low one. In a comparison of New York and London over a 200-year period, during most of which both populations had unrestricted access to firearms, historian Eric Monkkonen found New York's homicide rate consistently about five times London's. Monkkonen pointed out that even without guns, "the United States would still be out of step, just as it has been for two hundred years."  Legal historian Richard Maxwell Brown has argued that Americans have more homicides because English law insists an individual should retreat when attacked, whereas Americans believe they have the right to stand their ground and kill in self-defense. Americans do have more latitude to protect themselves, in keeping with traditional common law standards, but that would have had less significance before England's more restrictive policy was established in 1967.   The murder rates of the U.S. and U.K. are also affected by differences in the way each counts homicides. The FBI asks police to list every homicide as murder, even if the case isn't subsequently prosecuted or proceeds on a lesser charge, making the U.S. numbers as high as possible. By contrast, the English police "massage down" the homicide statistics, tracking each case through the courts and removing it if it is reduced to a lesser charge or determined to be an accident or self-defense, making the English numbers as low as possible.   The London-based Office of Health Economics, after a careful international study, found that while "one reason often given for the high numbers of murders and manslaughters in the United States is the easy availability of firearms...the strong correlation with racial and socio-economic variables suggests that the underlying determinants of the homicide rate are related to particular cultural factors."  Cultural differences and more-permissive legal standards notwithstanding, the English rate of violent crime has been soaring since 1991. Over the same period, America's has been falling dramatically. In 1999 The Boston Globe reported that the American murder rate, which had fluctuated by about 20 percent between 1974 and 1991, was "in startling free-fall." We have had nine consecutive years of sharply declining violent crime. As a result the English and American murder rates are converging. In 1981 the American rate was 8.7 times the English rate, in 1995 it was 5.7 times the English rate, and the latest study puts it at 3.5 times.   Preliminary figures for the U.S. this year show an increase, although of less than 1 percent, in the overall number of violent crimes, with homicide increases in certain cities, which criminologists attribute to gang violence, the poor economy, and the release from prison of many offenders. Yet Americans still enjoy a substantially lower rate of violent crime than England, without the "restraint on personal liberty" English governments have seen as necessary. Rather than permit individuals more scope to defend themselves, Prime Minister Tony Blair's government plans to combat crime by extending those "restraints on personal liberty": removing the prohibition against double jeopardy so people can be tried twice for the same crime, making hearsay evidence admissible in court, and letting jurors know of a suspect's previous crimes.   This is a cautionary tale. America's founders, like their English forebears, regarded personal security as first of the three primary rights of mankind. That was the main reason for including a right for individuals to be armed in the U.S. Constitution. Not everyone needs to avail himself or herself of that right. It is a dangerous right. But leaving personal protection to the police is also dangerous.  The English government has effectively abolished the right of Englishmen, confirmed in their 1689 Bill of Rights, to "have arms for their defence," insisting upon a monopoly of force it can succeed in imposing only on law-abiding citizens. It has come perilously close to depriving its people of the ability to protect themselves at all, and the result is a more, not less, dangerous society. Despite the English tendency to decry America's "vigilante values," English policy makers would do well to consider a return to these crucial common law values, which stood them so well in the past.   Joyce Lee Malcolm, a professor of history at Bentley College and a senior adviser to the MIT Security Studies Program, is the author of Guns and Violence: The English Experience, published in May by Harvard University Press.
England has worst crime rate in world By David Bamber, Home Affairs Correspondent (Filed: 01/12/2002)   England and Wales have the highest crime rate among the world's leading economies, according to a new report by the United Nations.  The survey, which is likely to prove embarrassing to David Blunkett, the Home Secretary. shows that people are more likely to be mugged, burgled, robbed or assaulted here than in America, Germany, Russia, South Africa or any other of the world's 20 largest nations. Only the Dominican Republic, New Zealand and Finland have higher crime rates than England and Wales.  According to the comparison of international crime statistics produced by the UN's Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention, England and Wales had 9,766 crimes for every 100,000 people in the year 2000. America had 8,517, South Africa 7,997, Germany 7,621 and Russia 2,022.  During the period 1998-2000, Britain went from fifth to fourth worst in the world league table. An analysis of total recorded crime figures before 1998 also suggests that England and Wales have moved sharply up the league table since Labour came to power in 1997. Crimes fell from 5.5 million in 1993 to 4.5 million in 1997. By 1999, total crimes had risen again to 5.3 million.  Last night Oliver Letwin, the shadow home secretary, said: "This does rather blow a hole in David Blunkett's claim that New Labour has crime under control. It is a damning picture."  The UN reports also shows that England and Wales are the second-worst places in the world for assaults, with 851 people assaulted per 100,000, and seventh for burglaries and car theft, with 1,579 burglaries per 100,000 population.  Criminologists believe that a note of caution needs to be introduced into analysis of the data, because of the different ways in which UN member countries record crimes.  A Home Office spokesman said that officials had not yet seen the report and so could not comment.
Street crime under control? You must be joking, say Blunkett's neighbours  By Adam Lusher (Filed: 06/10/2002)   The government's claim to have street crime "under control" was denounced as a joke last week by the Home Secretary's neighbours in Sheffield.  People living in the streets around David Blunkett's home reacted with scorn to his suggestion that police were winning the war on crime.  Mr Blunkett has heralded figures showing street crime down by 14 per cent in 10 urban areas, saying the message is clear: street crime has been brought "under control" before autumn - just as Tony Blair promised in the spring.  At the Labour conference last week, the Prime Minister boasted: "It's a fact that overall crime is down."  Five minutes' walk from Mr Blunkett's home, however, Margaret Smith, 90, had a very different opinion. She has just spent four weeks in hospital after being attacked in her home. The last time she went to the post office, a man in his twenties followed her home and barged in when she opened the door.  He threw her to the floor, breaking both her legs, grabbed her purse and kicked her in the back when he found no cash in it. He then ran off with her handbag, which contained a large sum of money.  Speaking softly, while leaning on the Zimmer frame that she now needs to help her to walk, Mrs Smith gestured from one end of her small sitting room to the sofa opposite: "He kicked me from here to there. It was terrifying."  She added stoically: "I'm a bit better now. I'm getting used to going out, as long as there are people with me."  At a nearby social club, one of her relatives, Billy Ward, 47, a road worker, was angry about what had happened to "grandma". He was not happy, either, about Mr Blunkett's suggestion that street crime was under control.  "It's a joke," he said. "Ask him if he walks up here at night on his own. Under control? It's got worse."  In Mr Blunkett's street, which The Telegraph cannot name for security reasons, some residents said the regular police presence around his home had deterred joyriders and the youths who stole from garden sheds. Even here, however, crime remains a problem. Many people have put up razor wire and security lights.  Kathleen Langstaff, 68, a retired police secretary, said: "I would never go on the streets after dark. You're not safe anywhere."  The locals' views will not make welcome reading for Mr Blunkett, especially after The Telegraph revealed last week that overall crime levels were growing rapidly.  South Yorkshire Police, which covers Sheffield, was one of the 10 forces involved in the Government's promise to bring street crime "under control". A spokesman said: "Street crime is under control. Theft from person has been reduced by around 17 per cent in Sheffield since April while robberies have gone down seven per cent."  Back in Mr Blunkett's neighbourhood, there are suspicions that the figures are not wholly accurate. The attack on Mrs Smith, for example, began with a thug following her in the street, but is not classed as a "street crime" because it happened in her home.  Stefan Moverley, 21, the manager of a community centre, said he had complained to police about street gangs. "A lot of the kids have got blades and are drugged out of their heads on aerosol gas," he said. "You don't feel safe walking around at night."  Later this month, residents are to hold a public meeting about crime. Police representatives will attend. "They'll get a grilling because they've done nothing at all," said Mr Moverley. "Things are probably worse than last year.  "I would really like Mr Blunkett to come along to listen to local people and hear what's really happening, rather than reading the statistics he wants to read. If he thinks it's under control, he's not living in Sheffield - he's living on another planet."
Just want to point out that crime statistics are very hard to compare between countries and over time. Most serious statistical agencies that covers crime always provide a disclaimer that crime rates in crime statistics are very influented by changes in laws (ie; what constitutes as a crime), changes in reporting crimes (statistics on domestic beating has sharply risen the last 20 years because a change in reporting behaviour of the victim) and time dislocations (for example; a criminal have been commiting crimes since 1999 but his crimes where first discovered in 2003)  I would be most careful when using crime statistics...  That's never stopped a liberal from doing the same to promote 'gun control'. Regardless, 'gun control' simply doesn't work.
People have already posted and debated this issue. I don't really see the point of pasting a bunch of propaganda from some biased website- especially a whole article. It's a waste of space. Here are some links that have already been posted about crime in the Australia and Britain.   http://www.aic.gov.au/research/homicide/stats/hvr.html (shows little variation in the homicide rate since Australia's gun buyback)  http://www.homeoffice.gov.uk/rds/pdfs2/hosb702.pdf (Shows a decrease in crime since the UK confiscated handguns)    ***YAWN*** 4 posts now and nothing of value contributed... Yeah like a typical lunatic fringe liberal you want to shut out all dissenting opinions, violate others liberty, and rely on modified facts to bolster your facist activities.....
***YAWN*** 4 posts now and nothing of value contributed... Yeah like a typical lunatic fringe liberal you want to shut out all dissenting opinions, violate others liberty, and rely on modified facts to bolster your facist activities.....  Rev, he is a socialist, not a fascist.
It do work in Sweden, Iceland, Finland, Norway and Denmark as far as I'm aware of. Did you know those contries existed? Maybe only the 'big-guys' like US, UK and australia are important? You can't claim that gun control doesn't work. There are many contries where it does. Then, after all you have to see it in the proper timeframe. If UK and australia pretty recent aquired those gun-laws then yes, for a time crime might increase, but it will decrease with time.   High Gun Ownership Countries   Country/Suicide/Homicide Total* Switzerland 21.4/ 2.7/ 24.1 U.S. 11.6/7.4/19.0 Israel 6.5/1.4/7.9  Low Gun Ownership Countries   Country/Suicide/Homicide Total*  France 20.8/1.1/21.9 Denmark 22.3/4.9/ 27.2 Japan** 16.7/0.6/17.3     * The figures listed in the table are the rates per 100,000 people.  ** Suicide figures for Japan also include many homicides.  Source for table: U.S. figures for 1996 are taken from the Statistical Abstract of the U.S. and FBI Uniform Crime Reports. The rest of the table is taken from the UN 1996 Demographic Yearbook (1998), cited at http://www.haciendapub.com/stolinsky.html   6. The United States has experienced far fewer TOTAL MURDERS than Europe over the last 70 years. In trying to claim that gun-free Europe is more peaceful than America, gun control advocates routinely ignore the overwhelming number of murders that have been committed in Europe.  * Over the last 70 years, Europe has averaged about 400,000 murders per year, when one includes the murders committed by governments against mostly unarmed people.169 That murder rate is about 16 times higher than the murder rate in the U.S.170   http://www.gunowners.org/fs0404.htm
That haciendapub link doesn't work.  I think the International Crime Victim Survey provides a much more thorough and detailed analysis on the effect of gun ownership than the progun website that you seem very fond of (gunowners.org). Quoting from a study done by them-  "The present study, based on a sample of eighteen countries, confirms the result of previous work based on the 14 countries surveyed during the first International Crime Survey. Substantial correlations were found between gun ownership and gun-related as well as total homicide and suicide rates. Widespread gun ownership has not been found to reduce the likelihood of fatal events committed with other means. Thus, people do not turn to knives and other potententially lethal weapons less often when more guns are available, but more guns usually means more victims of homicide and suicide." http://www.unicri.it/icvs/publications/pdf_files/understanding_files/19_GUN%20OWNERSHIP.pdf  FOOTNOTES! Gunowners.org cites every one of its sources.   Yeah "when one includes the murders committed by governments against mostly unarmed people" But why would one to that unless you can show a cause and effect relationship between gun-control and murders committed by governments? You've failed to do so. Even this pro-gun website admits that you can't blame the holocaust on gun-control.   "The simple conclusion is that there are no lessons about the efficacy of gun control to be learned from the Germany of the first half of this century. It is all too easy to forget the seductive allure that fascism presented to all the West, bogged down in economic and social morass. What must be remembered is that the Nazis were master manipulators of popular emotion and sentiment, and were disdainful of people thinking for themselves. There is the danger to which we should pay great heed. Not fanciful stories about Nazi's seizing guns."  http://www.guncite.com/gun_control_gcnazimyth.html  Funny how you pick and choose what you want to hear from pro-gun sites... simply because governments are doing the killing why do you not see that if governments have guns and the people do not then tyranny is a very real possibillity. When the people have guns the government is much more cautious..... Governments killed over 170 million people last century. I haven't killed any. So why restrict me...  Oh and while your selectivly taking stuff from guncite why don't you read this.... International Violent Death Rates . Now if you believe that a gun is an inanimate object and can not hurt anyone on its own just like a toaster then you can plainly see France is a much more dangerous country to live in...   And I leave you with:  The Misconceptions of Gun Control as a Lifesaver   " I know no safe depository of the ultimate powers of the society but the people themselves; and if we think them not enlightened enough to exercise their control with a wholesale discretion, the remedy is not to take it from them, but to inform their discretion by education. This is the true corrective of abuses of constitutional power."   Thomas Jefferson and our founding fathers never meant for our country to be a country that depended on the government to take away rights to take care of its people, but instead envisioned a country with able-bodied Americans that are capable of making responsible decisions on their own. The right to bear arms is just what it should be, a right. A right is not a privilege that changes through a cost and benefit analysis. People do not understand this right, or how it applies to the freedom of the people in this great nation. Nor do people see the benefits of a right, such as the one to bear arms. People through media grow misconceptions of the right for a law-biding citizen to carry a concealed weapon. Often people, through media, are never given truths that may change their opinion on issues, such as gun control. The only way to counter this media bias is to educate people with the truth just Thomas Jefferson had always envisioned.  The media of shooting incidents add to the growth of the misunderstanding of guns and how they are, and should be used. A good example of how the media grows this misconception is Nathaniel Brazill, a fourteen-year-old accused of murdering his teacher. Nathaniel murdered his teacher by pointing a gun at her face and pulling the trigger. When it came for the time of him testifying he claimed that the gun went off "accidentally," and with that the media put the blame of his murder on the gun. Only people that are unfamiliar with guns and are ignorant of how they operate would believe that, "guns go off by themselves". The mentality that, "guns go off by themselves", is just mentality that puts the fear of guns over the truth of how guns do not have a mind of their own. The truth is that gun restrictions give criminals more of an incentive to commit crimes against the unarmed citizen.  Great Britain is a good example of how making guns illegal produces a society of criminals that, because they know that citizens are unarmed, they have a no fear of citizens that they commit the crime against. The country has one of the highest contact crime, (assault, robbery and sexual attack), rates in the world. In 2001, Great Britain had 3.6% of their population being victimized by crime . A few months after private guns were outlawed, the BBC news decided to report the affect that their country has suffered.   Between April and November 2001, the number of murders in the Metropolitan police area [of London] committed with a fire arm soared by almost 90 percent over the same period a year earlier.... Although all privately-owned handguns in Britain are now officially illegal, the tightened rules seem to have had little impact on the criminal underworld. No one knows how many illegal firearms there are in Britain, although estimates range from 200,000 to several million. Whatever the true figure, it is said to be growing daily.   Britain though does not have a higher murder than the United States, Britain does surpass the United States in other categories. The according to the Department of Justice, criminals in Great Britain rob, assault and steal cars at twice the rates found in the United States. From the years 1996-2000, Britain's robberies climbed 81% and in contrast to the U.S. where robberies fell 28% in the same time period. In the same time period Britain's assaults rose by 53%, again in comparison to the U.S. robberies declined by 27%. Burglaries grew by about 100% in Britain and fell by about 50% in U.S. That is still not the end of the growing crime rate in Britain. In Britain they have instances where a burglar enters a home while the resident is also home, they call these "hot" burglaries. Authorities say that 50% of Britain's burglaries are "hot", while in the United States only 13% of the burglaries are "hot". The fact that gun control creates more crime in Great Britain proves that with gun restrictions you are only empowering criminals with defenseless victims that without a gun are unable to protect or match themselves against criminals.   A comparison that people often use to show that gun control "works" is the comparison between Japan and the United States. This comparison though is often misinterpreted. Japan, with outlawed guns, has a murder rate of one per 100,000. In the United States there are 3.2 murders per 100,000 weapons other than firearms. This just shows the cultural difference between the United States and Japan. Even without guns the United State's murder rate is three times than that of Japan. That still does not mean that Japan's crime rate is also low because of stringent gun laws. According to the International Crime Survey, murder, rape, and arson has increased 95% from 1991-2001. That still is not the end, Japan also suffers from a higher suicide rate per capita than the United States. 17 out of 100,000 people commit suicide in Japan, in comparison to the U.S., 11.1 per 100,000. The data comes to show yet again that gun control does not equal less crime; on the contrary, it equals rises in crimes committed.  Many people through the media never hear this argument; Guns are used as a deterrence to crime among law-biding citizens. It is true; guns are used as a deterrence through randomness among citizens. Criminals would not know which law-biding citizen is carrying a concealed weapon that could protect themselves from criminal predators. Criminals would not act as quick to rob a grocery store to only find out that the customers or workers have a guns. This is a concept that many police officers understand. A survey made by the National Association of Chiefs of Police, showed that over 60% of police chiefs and sheriffs want to permit law-biding citizens to carry concealed weapons. Another question on the survey that was asked for the first time of the fourteen years of the survey's existence was, "Do you agree that a national concealed handgun permit would reduce rates of violent crime as studies in some states have already reflected?", 62% of the sheriffs and chiefs responded "yes".  Not only do citizens owning guns serve as a deterrence to crime, but it also stops crimes in progress. The right for a citizen to own a gun in their home is also that citizen's right to self-defense. Not many times do I hear stories through the media of a person using their gun in self-defense. The reason for this is not only that citizens that use guns for defensive purposes hardly ever call the police or reporters and media does not see some one that saved themselves from a burglary as news compared to some one killed in a burglary. I did though find a shimmer of hope in the media. The Los Angeles Times proposed a challenge to a man who supported the right for citizens to carry guns, John Lott. The challenge that John Lott, the author of the book More Guns Less Crime, was given was to take a week and find citizens that use guns for defensive purposes. This challenge was unfair, because as I said before citizens that use guns for defensive purposes rarely call the police. Despite of the challenge's unfairness, John Lott found twenty examples of citizens using guns for defensive purposes in only one week. The Los Angeles Times agreed to publish his results. One of the stories I found, in Salt Lake City Utah, to be quite interesting has to how business owner of his son saved not only their lives, but also the lives of their customers.   Two Robbers began firing their guns as soon as they entered a pawnshop. The owner and his son returned fire. One of the robbers was shot in the arm; both later were arrested. The shop owner's statement said it all: "if we did not have our guns, we would have had several people dead here.   The Los Angeles times though does not realize that there could have been an easier way as to how to find stories of people using guns defensively. Pick up any issue of the, American Rifleman, and read a column called, The Armed Citizen. The column, The Armed Citizen, gives real life stories of the defensive uses against guns. One issue said the following:   Bobby Wolfe was locking the front door of his Moon Lake, Miss., store one night when a man came around the icebox near the door, pointed a gun and demanded money. " He had a gun in his hand, and the other hand was over his face," Wolfe recalled. The storekeeper dropped and pulled a .38-cal. Revolver in his pocket. "we think the robber shot first and Mr.Wolfe returned fire," stated Cuohoma County Sheriff Andrew Thompson of the exchange that followed. When Wolfe took off running for his nearby home, he encountered a second gunman who began firing at him. "He shot two or three times and I shot one more time," said Wolfe. Within five minutes of the robbery, one gunman was dead, Wolfe was wounded, and the police picked up three suspects- one of whom was mortally wounded- making a getaway. Wolfe later said of the men, whom he recognized, "I'm sure they intended to kill me because they knew I'd recognize them."(The Clarksdale Press Register, Clarksdale, Miss., 10/29/01).   Not in all cases does the victim kill the attacker when owning a gun. According to research done in the University of Florida and the research done in the University of Chicago, only one out of 1,000 defensive gun uses does result in the attackers death. Also that 98% of the Time just brandishing a gun is sufficient to stop a crime.  Gun control takes away the biggest fear that perpetrator may have, the fear that their victim may own a gun. Owning a gun is a safety precaution, just like locking your door at night. No one would want to use a gun, but when it comes to protection and preservation of life, it is a necessary. Not many people would commit a crime if they thought that maybe, just maybe someone has a gun here and knows how to use it. There are many stories that the media should show on people saving themselves by owning a gun. Gun control is a violation of a citizen's rights under the constitution and would be harmful to society. Thomas Jefferson spoke the truth; do not take away a citizen's right if you think that person is unable to control their right, instead educate society, and they will grow in their own responsibility.
So what? They do that on the Brady and VPC website too. It doesn't mean that they accurately represent their sources. That's why I prefer original sources. You respond by just posting more propaganda from a progun website. Not very convincing.    So again you feel compelled to argue the methods not the points... The footnotes lead you to the raw data which if you were not intellectually lazy you could look up and argue the points of my posts.... but alas you won't you will simply continue to attack me....
Practice what you preach. Remember who's the one that has been quoting from raw data and who keeps copying and pasting from pro-gun websites. I've looked up and quoted directly from the International Crime Victim Survey, the US Department of Justice Website, the British Crime Survey, and The Australian Institute of Criminology to back up my claims. Who's the one that is more intellectually lazy?   Do you have anything of substance to say regarding this forum (I suspect not) or do you simply want to banter with me over methods?
It do work in Sweden, Iceland, Finland, Norway and Denmark as far as I'm aware of. Did you know those contries existed? Maybe only the 'big-guys' like US, UK and australia are important? You can't claim that gun control doesn't work. There are many contries where it does. Then, after all you have to see it in the proper timeframe. If UK and australia pretty recent aquired those gun-laws then yes, for a time crime might increase, but it will decrease with time.  Yeah, that's probably what Stalin and Hitler said at first too. They were also big fans of 'gun-control'. 'Gun-control' works great.. especially in countries with fewer freedoms and/or socialist governments. I read somewhere that in Japan that the police can (and do) visit you twice a year at your home unannounced to question you about your activities. And yet, people still die at the hands of criminals there like anywhere else.  Sorry, you assume that because the 'law-abiding' abide by these laws that that will somehow affect the actions of those that disobey the laws. Doesn't work that way. You liberals are always quick to blame inanimate objects for the actions of the irresponsible. But then, liberalism is all about excusing the behavior of the irresponsible.
Interesting figures. I noticed however that only one of the contries I mentioned were part of it. Did they not have an entry? *checking...* I guess they didn't. Why can that be? Becuse the figures would support the fact that gun-control can work? Nooo...  If you're so convinced that 'gun-control' works, then why don't you place a sign on your door or in your front yard that reads:  "DOING MY PART FOR GUN-CONTROL: THIS IS A GUN-FREE HOME!"
I'm not a liberal. Do not jump to conclusions. Gun control doesn't have to be connected with dictatorial governments. Guns do not give you very much control over the government in any case. No matter how heavy you are armed the government will always have a bigger gun, and most people will do as they say simply becuse they are the government. Gun-control doesn't have so much to do with it. You in turn assume both that criminals will not have a harder time to get guns and that all guns not own by criminals will be used in selfdefense and other 'legitimate' purposes.  And about that sign, as I said it wouldn't have much effect where I live since nearly no one own a gun anyway.   You said in the other post "A sign like that would hardly be nessecary where I live. We have very restrictive gun-laws and hardly anyone owns a gun. And no, people does not discipline themselves. You might claim I have to much trust in the government, I would claim you have to much trust in your fellow man. When you give freedom to the people you give freedom to criminals too. I don't trust guns to only be used in 'selfdefense'. I want my government to uphold justice and to protect me from criminals. That's one of their purposes. And that is impossible without a certain amount of control over the citizens."      This is liberal.. you believe governments are smarter than people. You do not trust your fellow man you trust governments made up of men. You are willing to restrict my freedoms based on activities of criminals.   You sir are a liberal.
I'm not a liberal. Guns do not give you very much control over the government in any case. No matter how heavy you are armed the government will always have a bigger gun, and most people will do as they say simply becuse they are the government. Gun-control doesn't have so much to do with it. You in turn assume both that criminals will not have a harder time to get guns and that all guns not own by criminals will be used in selfdefense and other 'legitimate' purposes.  When people say the above quote, it is a clear sign they want to limit a right.   What countries can this be said about?  Though the scope of the right to keep and bear arms includes self-defense and militia duty, it also involves the right of the people to resist tyranny. Many believe resistance by citizens with nothing but small arms against a tyrannical government in possession of high-tech helicopters, fighter planes, tanks, and nuclear weapons would be futile. Recent history seems to suggest otherwise.  America for one fit the above. What other countries did this? Vietnam, Afghanistan, Cuba, and numerous other countries in Africa.
 And about that sign, as I said it wouldn't have much effect where I live since nearly no one own a gun anyway.  Why are you afraid? If what you're saying is true, then you shouldn't have any problem putting the sign up tomorrow. Then.. take a snapshot and post on here for all to see.
 I trust governments controlled by the people.   "When the people fear the government you have tyranny. When the government fears the people you have liberty"  - Thomas Jefferson  Obviously, you don't know what you're talking about. Your statement only holds true as long as the 'people' agree with your Draconian proposals. Sorry, not everyone is as gullible as you when it comes to believing that any government is above tyranny.  Where do you live again? Britain? Cuba?
Sweden. We have had 'draconian' gun-laws for a long time now and the government has not yet acted in any way like a tyrrany. Neither has the people felt any need to protest against the gun-laws.   Does Sweden have a right like the 2nd amend? If Sweden does not have a right like the 2nd amend Sweden cannot be compared to the US pertaining to gun control laws.
Actually, I'm more a socialist. But I guess that's only worse in your eyes eh?  I'm willing to restrict certain freedoms of 'the people', to which both you and criminals belong. Freedoms like owning a gun, building nukes, drunk-driving, etc. I trust governments controlled by the people. And I mean controlled by the media and free elections, not gunpower.   Which is why I keep my bolt carrier well oiled for the day you try to bring Mayday to my town!.  Free elections? When the (your socialist one for example) government controls the media they can propagandize thier little socialist propagancrap and could even lie about the elections!    It also give the right to equipment with which you could execute murders, armed robberies and other violent crime.   Governments killed 170 million people last century.... Funny how you "trust them"    Why are you so paranoid... I own lots of guns but I never desired to murder rob and streal. Your bigotry is beginnig to show)
Would you describe exactly what the second amend is and how it is worded? I just like to know why it means you cannot compare Sweden to US. There may be resons why gun-control wouldn't work as well in US as in Sweden, but how would the second amend affect it?  A well-regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.     Bwahaha! The evil socialists will come to conquer and destroy your valiant and rightious nation. Be vary afraid!  Lets see the average world soldier on average gets 1 1/2 hour training on the mechanics of his rifle. Only a few get actual rifleman training... Vast majority are using rifles that are good out to 300 yards. With my M14 I can hit a 19" target at 800 yads with iron sights... A blue helmet at 500 yards.... It's not me who should be afraid....     Our government does not control the press. Of course I can not proove that all I ever see and learn is propaganda, but neither can you. Our government is neither socialistic, it is as democratic as yours. Why did you assume it was? Becuse I called myself a socialst our becuse we have gun-restrictions?   Uh...   de·moc·ra·cy ( P ) Pronunciation Key (d-mkr-s) n. pl. de·moc·ra·cies  Government by the people, exercised either directly or through elected representatives.  A political or social unit that has such a government.  The common people, considered as the primary source of political power.  Majority rule.  The principles of social equality and respect for the individual within a community.    so·cial·ism ( P ) Pronunciation Key (ssh-lzm) n.  Any of various theories or systems of social organization in which the means of producing and distributing goods is owned collectively or by a centralized government that often plans and controls the economy.  The stage in Marxist-Leninist theory intermediate between capitalism and communism, in which collective ownership of the economy under the dictatorship of the proletariat has not yet been successfully achieved     Your talking about 2 different things..... Also we are a republic not a democracy.        I can't see how you figure this. What makes you think I'm paranoid? Are you not even more paranoid if you feel you need a gun for selfdefense? And bigotry? That's a completely unbased and unnecessary personal attack.  Hmm am I paranoid?:  >> In 1911, Turkey established for real gun control. Subsequently, from 1915 to 1917, 1.5-million Armenians, deprived of the means to defend themselves, were rounded up and killed.  >> Senator Diane Feinstein, speaking on "60-Minutes" immediately after the passage of the Brady Bill said, "if I thought I could get the votes, I'd have taken them all." That's not paranoia; that is the clearly stated objective of a liberal Democrat U.S. senator.  >> The Soviet Union established gun control in 1929. Then from 1929 to 1953, approximately 20-millon dissidents - again, deprived of the means to defend themselves - were rounded up and killed.  >> April 5, 1996, Charles Krauthammer wrote in the Washington Post, "the Brady Bill's only effect will be to desensitize the public to regulation of weapons in preparation for their ultimate confiscation." "Ultimate," as in inevitable, eventually, sometime in the future ... not now ... BUT soon.  >> Forget the phony Hitler quotes, and focus on the facts. In 1938 Germany did establish gun control. From 1939 to 1945 over 13-million Jews, gypsies, homosexuals, mentally ill, union leaders, Catholics and others, unable to fire a shot in protest, were rounded up and killed.  >> Editor of the Boston Globe T. Winship wrote in Editor and Publisher Magazine, April 24, 1993, "Investigate the NRA with renewed vigor. Print names of those who take NRA funds. Support all causes the NRA opposes. ... The work a day guy doesn't envision total confiscation, but many with the real power to sway public opinion and effect change in America do."  >> China has more practice than anyone does in disarming potential dissenters. Once upon a time they banned knives and swords. In 1935 they established gun control. Subsequently, between 1948 and 1952, over 20-million dissidents, again deprived of the tools for self defense, were rounded up and killed.  >> Democrat Representative W. Clay was quoted in the St. Louis Post Dispatch of May 8, 1993, regarding the Brady Bill. He said it is "the minimum step" Congress should take. "We need much stricter gun control and eventually we should bar ownership of handguns except in a few cases."  >> Cambodia enshrined gun control in 1956. In just two years (1975-1977) over one million "educated" people were rounded up and killed.  >> Guatemala locked in gun control in 1964. From 1964 to 1981, over 100,000 Mayan Indians were rounded up and killed as a result of their inability to defend themselves.  >> Former President of NBC News M. Gartner was quoted in USA Today, Jan. 16, 1992, as saying, "I now think the only way to control handgun use is to prohibit the guns. And the only way to do that is to change the Constitution." Hello?!  >> Uganda got gun control in 1970. Over the next nine years over 300,000 Christians were rounded up and killed.  Peter Shields, founder of Handgun Control Inc. was quoted in the New Yorker Magazine, June 26, 1976, with what frankly crystallizes the alleged paranoia many of us have for preserving the Second Amendment.   "We'll take one step at a time, and the first is necessarily ... given the political realities ... very modest. We'll have to start working again to strengthen the law, and then again to strengthen the next law and again and again. Our ultimate goal, total control of handguns, is going to take time. The first problem is to make possession of all handguns and ammunition (with a few exceptions) totally illegal."  Over 56-million people have died because of gun control in the last century. Is there an identifiable trend? A common denominator? Sure! The victims were unarmed.    Your a bigot because you said:  "It also give the right to equipment with which you could execute murders, armed robberies and other violent crime. "   Just because I have the right to certain tools does not automatically make me want to commit crimes with these legal tools. I could do those things that you claimed but I wouldn't need a gun to do so.... The fact that you so easilly lump me into such a group simply because I own guns is rather predjudiced of you.
Errrr... You are comparing apple to peers. A socialistic system as a stage in Marxist-Leninistic theory is widely different from contemporary socialism we experience in the more prosperous parts of western europe which is what Xeox is refering to. In Sweden, capitalism is the general mode of production, democracy is the general mode for electing governments and socialism is the general basis for the ideology of the largest political party. Now, you could argue that it is not socialism per se but rather social democracy, but it is generally reffered to as modern socialsm.   But regardless. The Marxist proletarian dictatorship is in theory no less democratic than your avereage liberal democracy....    A horse by any other name........
A horse by any other name........    ..... is still a horse.    Explain then in detail what socialism means in this modern eurotrash way..... And name one of these utopian socialist wet dreams of a country that has the GNP of California or better!
Modern socialism or social democracy has its base in the idea that the means of production can be put in the hands of the working class through slow reform rather than revolution (which communists argue). This has been a (very?) slow progress and some would argue that they have not really gotten any closer, even in countries whith pre-dominantly social democratic governments, but it is safe to say that they have gotten closer, relative to countries that lacked socilistic influences.   Another characteristic of social democratic countries are the wellfare state system. While this can often be seen in other countries or for other reasons (like Germany), the social democratic countries generally have a much higher level of governmental control of the economy (either through direct ownership (Norway), high taxes (Norway, Sweden) or regulations and high level of labour laws. And much higher level of governmentally produced or financed goods and services.  Another important feature of social democracy are the belief in the market forces as something that creates gross in-equalities. Rather than accepting these in-equalities (like libertarians) or try to correct the in-equalities (like Rawlsian liberalism) social democracy believes the market forces can be controlled by governmental action.  On the international arena, social democracy often hold "international solidarity" as some form of ideal. It is however unlikely (according to me) that countries governed by social democrats really adhere to this principle.  Examples of traditionally social democratic countries with high GDP per capita; Norway 31 500 dollars per capita, Sweden 25 500, Denmark 29 000.  Comparison: Canada: 29 000  It could perhaps be noteworthy to point out that GDP figures are slanted towards less governmental production of services or goods as private sollutions creates a measurable value added (?) figure, wheras governmentally produced goods and services produces a value added (?)figure, it`just not measurable.    That is so wonderful... The only difference between the socialist of old and the socialists of new is they try now to underhandedly take power and are failing to do so according to you?!!?? Tell me how do these socialist utopias compare to say..... California?
Well, they are not new per se.. they have exosted almost as long as conventional Marxists. And they have been a strong political force in europe since the 1800:s  As for californai..  er.. you tell me. I think I know roughly as much about california as you know about Sweden ;)   I will give you a hint.... California is the 5th largest economy in the world....
That is so wonderful... The only difference between the socialist of old and the socialists of new is they try now to underhandedly take power and are failing to do so according to you?!!?? Tell me how do these socialist utopias compare to say..... California?  Exactly. "Socialist democracy" is a long standing plan to get us back to socialism. Socialism and democracy are pretty incompatable in their pure forms. Communism is more or less the purist form of democracy, and fascism is just a pretty bad thing.
The figures I presented was GDP per capita. Canada is a larger economy than Norway, Denmark and Sweden put together. I have still yet to see you refute my point that socialism and democracy are very compatible. I don`t really see how the economic progress of social democratic countries (compared to american states or Canada) are relevant emoticon_confused   They may be compatible but when the government has a hand in every industry including the press... Objective media is far from common.. France for example.. The people are still shocked that we won the war in Iraq. The press had 159 anti blair-bush headlines compared to 6 anti hussein headlines. the media was toting the government line on the issue. My comparision was based on your claim of economically vibrant socialist countries which I found amusing when compared to ONE of our states economies. besides your vibrant economies reflect how well the governments/buisinesses are doing not how private industry left to its own destiny thrives... Your socialist utopias keep the ruling class rich and you shlubs happily lower middle class... I would not want to live that way,
 How do you mean? Last time I checked, the wealth of the elites where much smaller relative to the average population in social democratic nations. Even when it came to the political elites (or ruling class, as you so Marx-ianish put it ;)    Of course more money for the fewer...... Not gained by hard work in capitalism but by governmental piracy....   Can we get back to gun control now?
[QUOTE=The_Comedian]Media: Media isn't controlled by the government in Europe. It is that easy. Or should I bring in Fox as an argument about how the American government controls the Media?   How does the government control FOX? This is absurd. for once a right leaning new station comes out and you lunatic fringe lefties get your panties all in a wad because of a different slant than your agenda!   And when you claim that "objective Media is far from common", could you tell me how you came to that conclusion. And please don't use the basic resistance against the Iraq-war as an argument; otherwise I could say the same about the US-press (just change resistance to support).   US media is not in support of the war. US media does not report on succsessful defence using handguns only crimes. I could go on an on but we should get back on topic.   So the USA are a socialist country, too? The Rich keep getting richer there.  Or could you explain the sense of your statement?   Extremist logic. 1st of all yes the rich are getting richer here but hey the poor are getting richer too.... All with a whole lot less governmental inteferance than your contries....    But like I said this is WAY off topic....
But this is simply not true. You are constantly building strawmen    Why? That`s subject is so boring ;) (J/K... sorry for the hi-jack, even though you know you deserved it :p )    It is extremley boring. I find any argument that the state knows best and economics to be like a kid arguing why he has a right to some candy........
Or someone arguing why someone has a right to some guns :p   If you find this topic borring don't let the mouse hit you in the :xcensored on your way out. emoticon_xgood
My comment was what I usually call 'irony'. Is it a concept you are familiar with?   Just as familiar as I am with sarcasm....    I guess I was a little fuzzy. What I tried to say was: a, Our government is not built upon Marxistic ideals, neither is it a tolitarian state. b, Our government is as democratic as yours, which would mean democratic in the sense of free elections and that kind of things.   A horse by any other name.....  [QUOTE=Rev. HellH0und]Over 56-million people have died because of gun control in the last century. Is there an identifiable trend? A common denominator? Sure! The victims were unarmed.  Do you claim that they could have saved themselfs if they had been armed? They may have been able to put up a fight, but against trained soldiers (the kind you described for example) they have little chance. The statement that they died 'because of gun-control' is simply not logical.   Oh ye of little faith! It has happened all through history... Haiti being the most recent.... Its not a matter of whether you win or loose... It is how you live... Do you give them you teeth or your belly? Are you for liberty or prohibition? Are you a rifleman or are you a cook? You describe a life as a servant of govenment. I guard my liberty jeaolusly with my rifle and my pistol. Government is MY servant as they should be. You live on your knees. I will die standing! I described myself as better trained than the average soldier... And I carry a much more powerful caliber rifle than your average blue helmeted thug.... I say it is they who have no chance against the American Militiaman...  [quote] [QUOTE=Rev. HellH0und]Your a bigot because you said:  "It also give the right to equipment with which you could execute murders, armed robberies and other violent crime. "   Just because I have the right to certain tools does not automatically make me want to commit crimes with these legal tools. I could do those things that you claimed but I wouldn't need a gun to do so.... The fact that you so easilly lump me into such a group simply because I own guns is rather predjudiced of you.  I don't lump you in any group. Neither did I claim that you need a gun to commit crimes. I simply stated that guns are equipment with which you can execute, among others, those crimes I mentioned. You not only jump to conclusions, you make them up all by yourself.   But you can commit said crimes with almost anything from a hammer to a mailbox to a baseball bat... Why are those not restricted? Why not a fight to ban butter knives?
MP Calls UK Radio 4 Listeners 'Bastards' Over Vote!   By Vincent Graff  Media Editor   The Independent - UK 1-4-4  It was trailed as a "unique chance to rewrite the law of the land". Listeners to BBC Radio 4's Today programme were asked to suggest a piece of legislation to improve life in Britain, with the promise that an MP would then attempt to get it onto the statute books.   But yesterday, 26,000 votes later, the winning proposal was denounced as a "ludicrous, brutal, unworkable blood-stained piece of legislation" - by Stephen Pound, the very MP whose job it is to try to push it through Parliament.   Mr Pound's reaction was provoked by the news that the winner of Today's "Listeners' Law" poll was a plan to allow homeowners "to use any means to defend their home from intruders" - a prospect that could see householders free to kill burglars, without question.   "The people have spoken," the Labour MP replied to the programme, "... the bastards."   Having recovered his composure, Mr Pound told The Independent: "We are going to have to re-evaluate the listenership of Radio 4. I would have expected this result if there had been a poll in The Sun. Do we really want a law that says you can slaughter anyone who climbs in your window?"   Journalists on Today are thought to have been taken aback by the choice of their listeners. Observers had assumed that the winning suggestion might be a little more light-hearted - and a little less illiberal.   Indeed, there were suspicions the vote may have been hijacked by supporters of Tony Martin, the Norfolk farmer who was jailed for shooting a burglar. The winning proposal enjoyed a late surge in support in the final 24 hours of the poll, a jump attributed by the BBC to the fact that telephone votes - which were more firmly in favour of the anti-burglar proposal - were added at the last minute.   Today's long-running Personality of the Year poll was scrapped in 1997, after persistent attempts by political parties to fix it.   Mr Pound will go through the motions of presenting the Bill to Parliament but hoped he would fail. He said it was "the sort of idea somebody comes up with in a bar on a Saturday night between 'string 'em all up' and 'send 'em all all home'".   http://news.independent.co.uk/uk/media/story.jsp?story=477413
Hmmm... Perhaps we should start a seperate thread on this subject (or perhaps move the discussion to the "distinction" thread.) I would very much like to know how you argue that socialism (even with the Marxist definition of socialism as a transitory state for communism) would be incompatible with democracy.  Actually, I was going to put a pretty good sized response here, but I will move it over to "distinction". Coe over and take a look. I am not nearly ad well versed in the theory of a social democracy as I would like to be. I understand the concept, but it seems that it is less a "socialist" agenda than something alltoghether new.......
Why do gun free zones not work? Because criminals do not obey the laws against having guns in gun free zones.
An example of this would be an airplane for the most part. The laws are strictly enforce although they can still be beaten. However instances of this actually occurring in a way that puts people in danger are few and far between. So yes it can work but it takes incredible measures to make it work.  It appears the safety Nazis feel gun free zones should be ran like prisons. Maybe the safety Nazis should take a field trip to their states prison system and ask the guards if guns or any other weapons ever make it into the prisons. Prisons are considered gun and drug free zones. If this was true then how can an inmate get shot by a gun in prison?
What type of system do you propose? Is it one of total gun freedoms or one of a certain amount of control?   What is your definition of total gun freedom?
Simply naming an area a gun free zone does not make it a gun free zone. If it is truely to be a gun free zone, the law must be enforced. To enforce the law, you must provide a means of security / controlled access to the zone, to screen for and prevent guns from entering the zone. If the law is enforced, the gun free zone will work.  You want kids to be placed in a prison for an education. Do you think they will really like to learn in that type of school?
I think of airplanes, courthouses, and prisons as being gun free zones. JustAnotherGuy claims that gun free zones don't work. So should we allow prisoners, airplane passengers, and people in courthouses to have free access to guns?  You need to go to a prison and ask the prison officials if there are weapons in the gun free zones of prisons. As pointed out drugs and guns made it onto an airplane because criminals can place them on airplanes any time they want to.  I think that JustAnotherGuy realizes that gun free zones work on a small level when there is a sufficient amount of effort put into upholding these laws. I'm sure you also know that the laws necessary to create these gun free zones will intrude on your right to privacy and lessen the amount of freedoms you have. So the long and short of the matter is that gun free zones can work on a small level and should be used in specific cases but to try and get them to work on larger levels would be very difficult.  Gun free zones do not work because criminals will not obey them!
Gun free zones work just as well as drug free zones!
No I don't. I want children (at least my children and family) to be placed in a school where they do not have to worry about one of their classmates pulling out a tech 9 and going on a rampage in the library. I don't think that is too much to ask. I think eliminating the risk of this makes a school a much more effective place to learn. How many people do you think actually learned anything at Columbine the day they came back to school, or perhaps were they a little distracted. I'm all for the government giving you and like-minded extremists your own school (hell, even your own state...why not) and letting you all carry guns into schools and every other place you want to. As long as when a gunfight breaks out at your school in Rottencrotch Nebraska, I don't have to see all the parents on TV crying and bawling about how could this tragedy happen here, and saying that something should have been done, this never should have happened. I think there is a time and place for guns, but I don't think that guns belong in schools.   Please demonstrate to us how running your gun free school would be different from how a prison is operated. You stated you wanted a fence with locked gates around the school. You wanted everybody searched before they entered school. You wanted all items searched before they entered school. This is how they operate prisons. Drugs and guns still make it into prisons. Let us not forget the airplane with the drugs and guns on it after all of the passengers were searched for weapons.
Could I ask all viewing here...how many of you really need an explanation of this (other than Justanotherguy)? For some reason I am not surprised by his response.  So you want to run the schools like prison! Are you going to put armed tower guards around the school grounds? Not only does this sound like a prison, it sounds like that thing in Berlin. Berlin Wall a device used to keep people in. It also had armed guard towers. So to keep guns out of a gun free zone you would insist on a police force using guns to do this.
Must you take everything to the extreme? I guess that would make you an extremist. We are talking about school security, not communist Berlin.   Extremes? Below is a quote from you!   Simply naming an area a gun free zone does not make it a gun free zone. If it is truely to be a gun free zone, the law must be enforced. To enforce the law, you must provide a means of security / controlled access to the zone, to screen for and prevent guns from entering the zone. If the law is enforced, the gun free zone will work.   Since you like having unarmed passengers fight armed terrorists. Do you want unarmed security officers to attack armed criminals attempting to enter gun free zones?   So you just want check points and no fences? What is to prevent some one from walking between the check points if there is not an fence? Sound like the Berlin Wall.
Yes, that is really an extremist view.  So now you are calling yourself extreme?
No it's called sarcasm, I expected that you would not understand...it was more for the benefit of others reading...not you.  Without making a school operate like a prison how do you propose to make your gun free zone safe from criminals?
By enacting sensible yet effective methods of security.  Dance around the issue all you want. The fact remains that no criminal will obey the gun free zones! Your solution is to turn gun free zones into prisons for any law-abiding citizen that enters them. Once a law-abiding citizen enters a gun free zone, that law-abiding citizen will be at the mercy of armed criminals that DO NOT obey the gun free zones laws!
Could I ask all viewing here...how many of you really need an explanation of this (other than Justanotherguy)? For some reason I am not surprised by his response.  I think you are being baited, and I think you are taking the bait. Bad form indeed.  We realise you are not talking east berlin. I believe there are some problems with your plan, though. THe high school I went to had 4700 kids. Do you know how log it would take to screen 4700 kids? They would have to start school 2 hours later ust to ave time to get everybody through a metal detector.
What exactly is a "gun free zone"?  Gun free zones are zones where law-abiding citizens are forbidden to have guns because law-abiding citizens obey the law about gun free zones. Gun free zones are zones where criminals will have guns because criminals will not obey the laws about gun free zones.
Another question about this "gun-free zones": Why do you have to introduce them? I always thought that you aren't allowed to carry a gun in public anyway.   Gun free zones are zones proclaimed free of guns. The problem with this is that criminals will not obey the laws proclaiming gun free zones free of guns.   One hint to "justanotherguy": Why do you think are so many American criminals armed with guns? Especially so many when you compare their numbers to e.g. Germany? ;)    Because criminals do not obey the laws about gun free zones!
But in schools guns are banned anyway; as they are on airports. Why the need to call these places "gun-fee zones"? I am absolutely oppossed towards guns, but I really can't see any sense in those zones.   Gun free zones are proclaimed free of guns by law. Criminals do not obey this law and bring guns into gun free zones where law-abiding citizens are at their mercy.   So the reason for the many armed criminals in the USA is, that they wouldn't accept gun-free zones when introduced....?  Criminals do not obey laws.
Gun free zones are only obeyed by law-abiding citizens. When people start demanding added security measures for the gun free zones, the gun free zones will slowly turn into prisons.
But in schools guns are banned anyway; as they are on airports. Why the need to call these places "gun-fee zones"? I am absolutely oppossed towards guns, but I really can't see any sense in those zones.  In the maority of america they allow concealed carry. Gun free zones are areas where you cannot carry, such as schools and airports. They name them as such, and put up signs usually, ust to let people know     So the reason for the many armed criminals in the USA is, that they wouldn't accept gun-free zones when introduced....? Tip: We have no "no-gun-free zones" in Germany. Why is the vast majority of our criminals not armed with a gun?  Sociological differences.
That was an answer I was waiting for. I really thought that it was only in Texas and a few other places were concealed guns are allowed.  I really still don't get why you have to introduce these zones (isn't it forbidden to carry these hidden weapons in schools and airports anyway?)  Yes, it is illegal. For the most part, the "gun free zones" is a propoganda campaign so EVERYBODY knows that you can't carry guns in schools and airports. Otherwise you end up with people going "well, I didn't know I couldn't take my .44 to school....."  Currently, there are 36 states that allow concealed carry, and there is popular concealed carry legislation pending in 6 others. For all the anti gunners propoganda and doctored numbers, crime has decreased in ever state that has allowed concealed carry without exception.    Certainly a reason. I only posted my question to hear a argument by anotherguy because just saying "criminals don't obey laws" does NOT explain the higher rate of armed criminals (criminals all over the world have the tendency to disregard the law). However, it didn't work ;) .  The reasons we have so many armed criminals in America is a subect for much debate. We could put up an entire forum JUST dedicated to this. It is sometimes difficult for people from other countries to understand why Americans are overwhelmingly pro-gun. There actaully is a reason that many of us feelw e need to be armed to the teeth. As Tastyfish pointed out, british gangs are lightweights compared to the guys we have running around. All things considered, our police are pretty worthless (we have one of the lowest conviction rates in the western world) and our government seems to be pretty impotent when it comes to dealing with domestic law enforcement.
Yes, it is illegal. For the most part, the "gun free zones" is a propoganda campaign so EVERYBODY knows that you can't carry guns in schools and airports. Otherwise you end up with people going "well, I didn't know I couldn't take my .44 to school....."   Gun free zones are areas where law-abiding citizens are forbidden to carry guns. Gun free zones are areas that criminals enter with guns because they know they are no armed law-abiding citizens there to stop them.
I know. You post this answer every time, no matter if it fits in or not.   The topic of this post is gun free zones.   Gun free zones are areas where law-abiding citizens are forbidden to carry guns by law. Gun free zones are areas that criminals enter with guns because they know they are no armed law-abiding citizens there to stop them.    Another question for you: Why should criminals enter gun-free zones with guns? Is there a big vault in every zone?   Criminals enter gun free zones with guns to commit crimes against unarmed law-abiding citizens.
The topic of this post is gun free zones.   Gun free zones are areas where law-abiding citizens are forbidden to carry guns by law. Gun free zones are areas that criminals enter with guns because they know they are no armed law-abiding citizens there to stop them.  Criminals enter gun free zones with guns to commit crimes against unarmed law-abiding citizens.  How many criminals really go to a school to commit a crime because they are worried about armed citizens? This is going a little too far. The gun free zones at schools were enacted in response to school shootings. While I will admit that this is kind of an odd paradox (like the guy who is getting ready to shoot up a school is going to stop because he doesn't want to commit a class 3 non person felony by taking a gun into a gun free zone), at least the intent of these laws was not specifically to chisel away at our rigts. I can honestly sy I think te folks that instituted this honestly believed they were protecting kids.  I think there should be an exemption for teachers and administrators, though. IT makes me wonder how many columbines we have to have before the liberals start going "gee, his american history teacher could have popped him in the first 15 seconds and this XXXX wouldn't have happened".
So according to your logic a criminal would never attempt to rob someone ouside a gun-free zone?   Washington, D.C. is a gun free zone. Unarmed law-abiding citizens are victims of gun crimes because criminals do not obey the gun ban in that gun free zone.
The original intent and purpose of the Second Amendment was to preserve and guarantee, not grant the pre-existing right of individuals, to keep and bear arms. Although the amendment emphasizes the need for a militia, membership in any militia let alone a well regulated one, is not required to exercise the right to keep and bear arms.   The Second Amendment is an individual right. It does not say the "militia" has the right to keep and bear arms, it says the people have that right.   States and municipalities have varying laws concerning the bearing of guns. Check it out for yourself. I'm just stating what I believe to be true:  Mississippi has a gun slinger law that allows any non-felon to carry a gun. That doesn't mean they can carry one into the courthouse. In the old West, almost everyone "slung iron", but there were places that they had to check their guns at the door.  In some places, you can carry a concealed weapon, in others, you cannot.  In Kennesaw, Georgia, the law says every home must have a gun inside. (The crime rate is well below average there.)  Establishment of gun-free-zones is not in conflict with our right to bear arms. There are places where the presence of guns is detrimental to the safety of people due to the emotional instability of other people who may have a gun within reach.  Legally owned guns should be "checked at the door" or left at home when a person enters a designated gun-free-zone. Law abiding people will have no problem with this. It is the criminals who will object.  When guns are outlawed, only criminals will have guns. emoticon_xhoho
 It is the criminals who will object.    Criminals do not object to gun free zones, the criminals will simply not obey the gun free zones.
Criminals do not object to gun free zones, the criminals will simply not obey the gun free zones.  Tacit objection.
  Anyway... Gun free zones serve 2 purposes.  1. Making it known to EVERYONE that guns are not to be carried in the zone. 2. By labeling it as a gun free zone, people who violate the gun free zone are subject to increased penalty under law.  Making a gun free zone does nothing to prevent guns from entering it. Enforcing a gun free zone by means of security does.     I agree with armed law enforcement in schools to provide protection. Teachers...that is a little different...I think there would need to be a mass concensus of teachers willing to carry, and then extensive training would be required. In the end, I think armed law enforcement would make much more economical sense. And I wonder, how many columbines we have to have before people understand that if we had been able to find a way to screen these children for guns prior to entering the school, this **** wouldn't have happened.   Gun free zones are known to criminals. That is why criminals go to gun free zones. Criminals do not have to worry about being confronted by armed law-abiding citizens.   Criminals will not obey these gun free zones. Was there not a school that a principal stopped a shooting by having his gun with him?
If you say so, sure. Is it not possible that if the gun had never entered the school in the first place, the principle would not have had to stop any shooting? Is it possible that if the principle had not been in the right place at the right time the shooting could have still taken place?   It was a gun free zone. A criminal disobeyed the law and carried a gun into a gun free zones.
Apparently so did the principal.  Where did the gun free zone start? It appears you feel that gun free zones should start at the very property line of the school. What kind of dangerous threat to the kids can you create with a large number of kids waiting at the check point on the property line to be searched and scanned prior they enter the school grounds.
I don't really know, as a matter of fact I do not even know if the case that you cite is true or not. If it is, perhaps you could post a link to the story about it. And it appears that you are making assumptions about what I think based on nothing factual at all.   Same kind of answer from you about the drugs and guns on that airplane.
 Ciminals will not obey these gun free zones. Was there not a school that a principal stopped a shooting by having his gun with him?  I posted the above. You responded to it as if it is true and now that you are losing your argument for gun free zones you try this.  You brought it up, now show it.  I asked a question. Here I will post it again. Was there not a school that a principal stopped a shooting by having his gun with him?
You brought up the example, I did not. My initial statement to you was "if you say so, sure". In other words, I have no knowledge of this case. I responded to it as if it was true...that does not mean that it is. Then you asked if I could provide specific details about it. If I do not have any knowledge if the case, how would I know the details. So, since you mentioned the case, I asked you to provide some information on it...you know, some factual proof. Now, do you by chance have any or not? Or should nobody take anything you say as credible?    Here it is again   Ciminals will not obey these gun free zones. Was there not a school that a principal stopped a shooting by having his gun with him?    I asked this question and you responded to it as if it happened. This is proof that gun free zones do not work because the only people that would obey the law are law-abiding citizens!
You brought up the example, I did not. My initial statement to you was "if you say so, sure". In other words, I have no knowledge of this case. I responded to it as if it was true...that does not mean that it is. Then you asked if I could provide specific details about it. If I do not have any knowledge if the case, how would I know the details. So, since you mentioned the case, I asked you to provide some information on it...you know, some factual proof. Now, do you by chance have any or not? Or should nobody take anything you say as credible?   Here maybe this may appease you.  WASHINGTON, D.C. (Oct. 29, '98) -- The nation was horrified when 16-year-old Luke Woodham walked into his Pearl, Mississippi, High School with a .30-30 hunting rifle, shot to death his ex- girlfriend and her close friend, then shot and wounded seven other students.   Then the nation learned Woodham had stabbed his mother to death earlier that morning.   Then the nation learned that the local prosecutor had charged six more students with having conspired in the killings as part of a Satanic plot.   What most of the nation never learned was that Assistant Principal Joel Myrick, using his own gun, stopped the killer as he tried to flee the school.   The news media virtually ignored the fact that an armed citizen had possibly prevented more bloodshed -- using a gun possessed in violation of the Federal Gun-Free School Act, which prohibits firearms within 1,000 feet of a school.   To find out what happened I talked to the school's principal, Roy Balantine.   Mr. Balantine said when he heard the shots he ran into the hall and "saw a kid with a gun," then immediately called 911. Mr. Myrick, he said, was in his office on the opposite side of a "commons" that the school surrounds.   Myrick also had run into the hall and seen a student with a rifle; he shoved several students into his office and locked the door, then ran toward the shooting.   He saw Woodham shoot and wound one of the students -- and Woodham saw him, so Myrick jumped back out of the line of sight.   That's when, Mr. Woodham told me, "Mr. Myrick remembered that he had been out to visit his parents over the weekend, and that he remembered that he had forgotten to take his gun out of his pickup.   "So Mr. Myrick ran across the commons and out the back door and got the gun, and loaded it, then came around the side of the building."   At that point, Mr. Balantine said, he saw the student pull out of the school parking lot and pull up behind a car that was stopped at a stop sign. As Myrick ran toward the car, Woodham pulled around the stopped car, but spun out and off the road.   Before he could get the car going again, Myrick was there with the .45 pointed in Woodham's face, demanding "Why did you do that?"   That's when Woodham "instantly became a coward," Myrick had told one local reporter.   Woodham must have feared that Myrick would shoot him for he stammered, so Mr. Balantine told me, "Oh, Mr. Myrick; I'm the one who gave you the discount on the pizza last week."   Myrick got Woodham out of the car, made him lie on the ground, pulled his coat over his head and kept one foot on his back until police arrived.   Woodham's rifle was in the car, and he still had 30 rounds.   "With all that ammunition, we don't know what he might have done," Mr. Balantine told me. "We don't know if he would've gone to the junior high or the pizza parlor where he worked, or what. There's reason to believe he might not've been through killing."   "I'm just thankful that Mr. Myrick had the presence of mind to remember his gun and bring it all to a stop."   Amen, Mr. Balantine. Police and local reporters are convinced that Woodham was a member of a satanic cult that had been ritually sacrificing animals and planning killings before fleeing to Mexico.   But predictably, there's a bit of a flap in Mississippi about the "terrible fact" that this vice principal had a gun at  school, and that he was violating the gun-free school law (which the Supreme Court struck down but Congress reinstated last year).   Under Mississippi law he could legally have a gun in his car.   I'm thankful he had it, and asked Mr. Balantine to thank him for me and those of us who admire his courage -- and for setting a clear example of a gun being used to save lives.   Further, I told him, if the U.S. Attorney or anyone else wants to give Mr. Myrick any legal troubles, to give me a call and I'd be delighted to start a defense fund.
Jeez...was that so hard? Finally, you have backed something up that you have said! But let me ask you one thing. Returning to your original argument...you are wrong. Can you figure out why? Here, let me help you.  You stated:Answer: NO.   The principal had to run out to his vehicle to get his gun. I guess like unarmed airline passengers you would have unarmed principals attack criminals armed with a gun. By the time the principal got his gun the criminal was leaving. No one knows if he was still going to kill others or not.    Again, I have to wonder, If this criminal had not been able to get into the school with his gun, is it possible that 2 people would not have been killed and that 7 people might have not been wounded? Now can you tell me how you come to the conclusion that he stoppe schoshooting? emoticon_xgood   The criminal had more ammunition and was attempting to leave and do what no one knows.  The gun free zone did one thing, it stopped law-abiding citizens from having guns near enough to them to prevent these killings. The gun free zone did not stop the criminal from carrying a gun onto campus and kill people with it.  Once again proving that only law-abiding citizens obey gun free zones. While criminals do not obey gun free zones.
It's ok, I know you were wrong, you know you were wrong...let's just leave it at that. Backpeddling is not going to make you right at this point.  The fact that the criminal carried a gun into the school and the principal did not demonstrate who obeys the gun free zones. The principal had to run out to his vehicle after hearing the shots from the criminals.    Unarmed law-abiding citizens at gun free zones will always be at the mercy of criminals until the police are summoned. While waiting for the police to come the criminals will be able to kill as many people as they want to.   Criminals do not obey gun free zones!
As I have explained many times before Rev, putting up a sign does nothing more than notify people that it is a gun free zone. It only works if it is enforced by security. It is like the apartment community I used to live in. There was a sign out at the entrance that stated no soliciting...however I would continuously find flyers on my car or taped to my door for restaurants and the like. Now, I live in a gated community that has a sign posted stating no soliciting. Because there is someone controlling access to the community, I no longer get any flyers. I know it is a simple example, but it relates very well.  Explain in detail how you would do this to make schools gun free zones.
My idea would be: Metal detectors and security. This wouldn't prevent school shootings as such but at least the maniacs couldn't reach the inside that easy. It also isn't a nice imagination to have guarded school entrances but if necessary then it has to be done.  Not well prepared plans on security. What is to prevent a person from going between the check points where the metal detectors are placed?
With security I meant security agents.  Sorry if it wasn't that clear.  Are the agents at the metal detectors?
Yes and there also should be someone to watch out for people trying to get inside the school in a irregular way. This again wouldn't be guaranteed safety but a first step. And if you'd start installing metal detectors you would certainly take care about any entrances that might be used to cheat the detectors.  So you want security people at the metal detectors and patrolling the perimeter of the school? Do you want these security people armed or unarmed?
I'd like to see them unarmed but the effect would certainly be as if you had unarmed security at a bank or airport. So yes, they had to be armed. And no, this wouldn't make it a prison if you hint on this.   Is there going to be a fence around the school?
Maybe or a wall like it is already common for many schools right now. You are only pointing towards the "prison argument" again, huh?   Your gun free zones would be prisons for children to learn in.   Even with all of your security devices guns would still get into to schools because criminals would not obey the law about gun free zones!
As there won't be armed guards in class rooms and it is about safety, I think children can differ from prison to school.   Criminals don't obey laws. But it will be a lot harder for them to take their guns to school and the average thug might consider to not take his gun with him at all. ?  Your security measures would have public schools a place "for education" operated like prisons!    That's for sure. Are there any representative studies around about parents and childrens attitude towards this? Or is the problem rather discussed than managed?    Criminals do not obey gun control laws that make schools a gun free zone! Law-abiding citizens are the only group of people affected by gun free zones!  Criminals prefer unarmed victims!
[I]Not to mention kids can't legally own a weapon anyway!!!!  Well if this is true as you claim then what kids are breaking this law?  Criminals or law-abiding students? More proof that gun free zones affect only the law-abiding citizens or students  The two examples you used were what? The kids doing the shootings had some problems with school bullies and the jocks. Nothing is done to deal with this problem. In fact the people demanding prison type schools for gun free schools use the same bulling tactic to press their demands. This also can be seen by one of the people for prison type schools response of bragging about having to defend him or herself with their bare hands. People that ask question of the safety Nazis plans for prison type schools are attack with insults in an attempt to pressure people into thinking like these frightened people.
Please stop calling people "safety nazis". I find that term offensive.  You cannot defeat the facts about gun free zones' failure to keep guns out of them so now you attack the messenger!  Gun free zones are obeyed by the law-abiding citizen. Criminals will not be stopped from taking guns into gun free zones because criminals do not obey laws!
 We are debating on how to prevent these criminals from getting into the schools carrying guns.   The post is about gun free zones. This is the first post"Why do gun free zones' not work? Because criminals do not obey the laws against having guns in gun free zones."   This post is about gun free zones not keeping criminals from taking guns into them. All gun free zones can do, is keep law-abiding citizens from having guns. Kind of like how gun bans do nothing to keep criminals from having guns.  The problem with your point is you treat law-abiding citizens as criminals!
I attacked nobody. I simply stated that I find the term "safety nazi" offensive. So don't use it. And WHAT FACTS?   I find it offensive that you want to limit rights and yet you are not told to stop doing that! Every time you refer to armed citizens you use terms like Jeb, or idiot and no ones demand you to stop saying that. When people defending rights use terms like safety Nazis, you take offense in hopes to stop the safety Nazis from being exhibited in a bad light.   emoticon_wow Just when I though I heard every illogical and contradictory statement you could make...you continue to amaze.  The fact that criminals do not obey laws amazes you, figures!  :So you don't mind if a few innocent people die...just as long as we don't treat them like criminals?   Maybe freedom and responsibility are subjects you find hard to understand!
What about the freedom of children to go to school without the fear of being gunned down at lunch? What about a parents freedom to feel that their kids are safe in our public schools? And do you contend that it is our childrens responsibility to die to ensure that kids are free to carry guns to school?   Once again do gun free zones keep this from happening? No! As for you chant about kids taking guns to school, the gun free zones do not stop this.  It is my right to present my side of the debate as I see fit, as long as I do not chose to use offensive terms directed at others...especially after they have told me that they consider them offensive. I have told you that I find the term "safety nazi" to be offensive. I have asked to to not use it when reffering to me or others that post on this forum. You do not need to continue to be offensive to present your side of the debate. Please do not use the term again. ?  I find it offensive that you want to limit peoples right, please stop doing it!  That's not what I said, nor what I was reffering to.   So you slinking insults here is ok, it is not offensive for you to do that?
Littleton would have happened at a gun-free school too. The guys wanted to kill and just that. They had started firing even with the army close-by. What sundowner and I (I think he feels similar) are trying to explain: If you were a thug (not a killer) and used to bring a gun to school because nobody cared and you felt better with it and could threat others, would you still take it with you if you could be arrested for just smuggling it into a school?   Criminals do not obey laws! Criminals do not worry about being arrested for breaking the law.   You are not allowed to smoke in several places. Go protest. Is it impossible to restrict a right in certain cases (and in that case it would only be restricted in a certain area) to protect others lives?   How do you protect unarmed law-abiding citizens from criminals that do not obey the gun free zone laws?
Of yourse they don't obey laws (hey, you took that one over from sundowner and me :p). But the thugs I was talking about would maybe worry quite well about a possible arrest. Once arrested, police might be interested in the background of the guy they just captured smuggling a gun into a school. Even for criminals there is a cost/effect ratio.   Took what over? Read the first post.  As stated in my first post and many more I have stated criminals do not obey gun control laws such as gun free zones. sundowner even attacked and insulted me for saying that in one of its post! Typical tactics of people that want to limit the rights of other people!    Do read recent posts? Detectors, security,...   I can ask the same question of you, do you read recent post?  They had metal detectors and security at the airport in NYC and gun and drugs still made it onto a airplane.
Hehe, at least you finally admit that we want to limit rights and not to ban them. You are just saying "criminals don't obey gun-free zones". We tried to explain in several posts why the criminals might stop bringing guns with them.    Criminals do not obey the laws about gun free zones. Banning a right is a limit!      I also said several times that there is nothing like a 100% safety; anything else is lied. But instead of a 99% safety, is it wiser to legally allow terrorists to get a gun on board? Or allow bullies to take them to school?    The only thing 100% about gun free zones is that law-abiding citizens will obey them. Criminals will not obey the gun free zones!
Read the law books again. Children do not have the right to own or carry weapons.   Children are not the only people in gun free zones. So this shoots your argument down!   This is just funny. Of course they worry about going to jail. They don't care about the law, but the idea is to not get caught.    If criminals were worried about getting caught, they would not be breaking the law. This why gun free zones will only affect aw-abiding citizens.
I am actually responding to JustAnotherGuy's idea that my son's (or even that many) gun-free schools employ the use of metal detectors, fences and what-not. I am saying that his school is "gun-free" (by the rules), but most certainly does not operate as a prison.  Call one of your states prison complexs and ask them how their prisons are operated. You will be told the prisons "employ the use of metal detectors, fences and what-not. "  Criminals do not obey the laws about gun free zones.
You should call one of your local state prisons and ask them why they employ such measures. Could it be for the SAFETY of the guards and the inmates? And one other point. Criminals go to prison to be punished. Children go to school to learn. Prisoners stay in prison, school children go home in the afternoon. You want to know what the difference is...there's a big start. So it could be stated that yes, they would have security measures in common, for the purpose of safety. You don't like safety? But other than that, this is where the similarities end.  Criminals go to prison to be punished. Part of that punishment is being suspected of violating prison rules. To do this, prisoners are forced to pass through metal detectors, the prisoner's body's are searched, and all of their belongings are searched. If your school is doing this to keep kids from bringing guns to school then they are operating the school like a prison.  If I recall there is still a drug problem on school grounds. Kids and teachers are still being attacked at schools. And every so often you hear of a gun being on campus. How is treating every person entering a school campus as criminals preventing the crime?  Once again criminals do not obey laws pertaining to gun free zones!
I am sorry JustAnotherGuy, your schools with security measures equal prison argument is pretty weak.  The security measures in schools and prisons are there for the same reason - safety. But that is not the punishment in prison. The punishment is not being able to leave. Losing freedom. People can come and go from schools at will, even ones with security devices in place.  Security isn't punishment, your argument doesn't hold.  Not to mention it still does not address the fact that kids can't have guns anyway.  The weak argument is treating every person entering a school as a criminal. This will not stop the criminals from taking guns into a school. The criminals will simply go around the security measures. The law-abiding citizens that are treated like criminal will be the unarmed people when armed criminals enter school campus.  The fact that kids cannot have guns? Well the only kids that will obey that law will be the law-abiding kids. This will mean that the criminals will be the only armed people on school campuses.  Now since you people are having problems understanding what a prison is I will once explain it to you.  A prison is a compound with a fence completely around it. This fence will have few gates. These gates will have metal detectors and armed staff to operate the metal detectors. Since some of the people defending these security measures have also stated they want armed patrols. This means a armed uniformed person will patrol the fence line.   Now how is your security measures around a school not like a prison? Yes you did say the kids and adults entering a school campus can go and come. This is only after the law-abiding kids and adults have been treated like criminals.
If you have 4 entrances to a school, and you have security measures in place at these 4 entrances, how exactly are these criminals going to be able to go around them? I also find the argument very weak, saying that by employing security measures you are treating law abiding citizens like criminals. How can you be accused of treating someone as a criminal when it is your intent to ensure their safety?   Simple you walk up to the fence where there is no guard and toss a gun over the fence to their buddy! Unless of course you are going to have microwave motion detectors around the school like prisons do!  How many guards are you going to have at this gun free school?  JustAnotherGuy: Do me one thing. Actually lay out your plan, step by step...of how you would protect people at schools. What would you do to prevent school shootings...how would your plan work?   Criminals like the ones at columbine have a set pattern of crime, the authorities missed this and allowed these criminals to enter the school grounds!  Why did the authorities miss this? Simply bleeding heart leftist extremist do not like to punish criminals!
Ok, and still I ask, if you have 4 entrances to the school, and they all have security measures in place...how does he get the gun in? He may get it past the fence, but it will certainly not get into the school  How many guards: As many as needed to be effective. I guess that means that it would depend on the size of the school and number of students wouldn't it?   How many security fences are you going to have around schools? The fact is criminals will always get guns into a school no matter how many fences you put around it. You just do not want to admit this!  The fact is if you did allow people to carry guns at schools( now I said people not kids) most if not all people working for the schools would not carry them. Why simple most people do not want to deal with the legal hassle that comes with carrying a gun. This alone shoots down you rambo bs. So every time you vilify a law-abiding citizen for carrying a gun you just make yourself look foolish. Why? Simple because you have no documentation to prove there was ever a shootout that you rant and rave about!   And tell me, what was the set pattern of crime exhibited by the 2 shooters at Columbine? And how is it that authorities missed them? There was no security in place to stop them in the first place. (unless you are suggesting that cops should be more intuitive...and the should have guessed that the shooters were going to do something that very morning. Perhaps then they could have been waiting to pick them up.) And you say that they missed this pattern of behavior because "bleeding heart leftist extremist do not like to punish criminals". But are you also the one saying that treating innocent people as criminals is wrong? So how is it that you expect authorities to treat these 2 as criminals and punish them before they committed their crime? Again, it comes down to simple logic that if someone had stopped these kids at the door, they would have never gotten into the school and killed 13 people.   And funny enough...you never did actually tell me what your plan is to stop school shootings. I find it rather funny that you can spend so much time pointing out percieved flaws in others plans, but when pressed, you have no plan of your own. Typical of extremist logic.   What pattern? Gee the latest news release for columbine showing weapons and ammo and other stuff stated these two criminals had how many run ins with the laws resulting in their arrest? It was in the double digits!
You have so little faith. Yes, a very determined and very resourceful criminal can do just about everything, gun laws or no. However, having at least minimal security will prevent someone from simply walking in with a gun   You are the one that wants to fence off schools in the name of safety. You are the one that demands all law-abiding citizens be disarmed in the name of safety.  I pointed out that criminals will not obey the laws about gun free zones. I pointed out that law-abiding citizens will be the only people to obey gun free zones.   Wait, don't you want to do away with all that "legal hassle" in the name of freedom? The only people I'm villifying are those who commit crimes.   Just look back at your post to read how you vilified law-abiding citizens with guns!  Gun free zones will keep only law-abiding citizens from having guns in them. Criminals will simply walk into gun free zones with guns. Criminals will do this in many ways. If there is a fence around the gun free zone the criminal will simply throw the gun over the fence to another criminal. If there is a check point with a metal detector a criminal will create a disturbance to distract the security officer then walk past the check point.
1. I never said I wanted to fence off schools. That was someone else.  2. I never said all citizens be disarmed. We are talking about certain places being gun-free.  3. Many schools are already fenced off. Why do they do this?  Gun free zones will only disarm law-abiding citizens. Gun free zones will not disarm criminals since criminals will not obey gun free zones.  Want an example of a gun free zone failing to keep guns off of airplanes? The NYC airport where an airplane was discovered with drugs and guns on it!  I must be blind. Where have I vilified law-abiding citizens. You think it's so easy to get around security ;) Perhaps if you try to "create a disturbance" to get a gun past security at an airport we'll see how far you get.   Read back and to see how you vilify gun owners! I am not going to post your quotes vilify law-abiding gun owners.
:xbanghead     It will help keep those guns that they have out of the gun free zones, though.     Perhaps if you post where I villified gun owners it would open my eyes and my heart. emoticon_xlove  More jokes to attempt to distract away from the fact that gun free zones do not keep guns away from criminals. Gun free zones will only keep law-abiding citizens from having guns.
You're completely useless to talk to. You don't answer anything, simply restate your mantra.  Gee and anti gun/gun control advocates do not do this!   The fact that criminals will not obey your laws about gun free zones really makes you mad?
JustAnotherGuy  Keep your gun out of my son's school.  DONE!  :xbanghead    Try telling the criminals to do that! The criminals will not keep guns out of gun free zones.  emoticon_xbye
Why should an average thug risk to get busted at the school entrance?  I don;t think we have a problem with average thugs showing up in schools anyway.
I just wrote the short version of something I posted too often. One of my points pro gun-free zones is, that nowadays the "average thug" can go to school armed wothout anyone trying to prevent it. So he is quite a threat as soon as he starts to bully someone or wants someone's money.  With gun-controls at the school entrance, these guys would think twice about being armed at school imho. Why should they risk to get arrested for just bringing in a gun? Further investigations by the police could follow and other crimes might get discovered. So he risks a trip to jail just because he carried a gun in school. He really might think about keeping his little crimes out on the streets.  If I may interject a comment or two here, Comedian, I would suggest a few things. First, the no guns free school zones were a kneejerk reaction to a series of events that really had nothing to do with the 'average thug', though in all honesty, I'm not sure exactly what an average thug is. I gather, and please inform me if I'm wrong, an 'average thug' is what normally we would call a bully or a bully and his band of co-bullies. These kinds of people are about extortion, intimidation, and coercion.   The rash of school shootings in the nineties were about fear, hate, being bullied, rejection, feelings of inadequacies, ect. The handful, and statistically the stats are almost insignificent, of instances of school shootings were the result of a system that encourages peer pressure, ridicule of students, and an attempt at payback of the offending person or persons. Remember the incident when the assistant school principal ran to his car, parked away from the school zone, retrieved his pistol, went back and held the perp at bay until the cops could arrive? Another incident is the case at Columbine. The security guard, to the best of my knowlege was armed, but ran when the murderers started shooting. Any good person with a firearm could probably defused the incident and some may not have died. By the time the cops got there, it basically was all over.   No, the 'average thug/s' are not the ones we're talking about here. Someone determined to wreak havoc in a school, or anyplace else, will not let simple things like detectors or 'no gun zone signs' stop him/her. An armed teacher or two just may very well do so.
I just wrote the short version of something I posted too often. One of my points pro gun-free zones is, that nowadays the "average thug" can go to school armed wothout anyone trying to prevent it. So he is quite a threat as soon as he starts to bully someone or wants someone's money.  With gun-controls at the school entrance, these guys would think twice about being armed at school imho. Why should they risk to get arrested for just bringing in a gun? Further investigations by the police could follow and other crimes might get discovered. So he risks a trip to jail just because he carried a gun in school. He really might think about keeping his little crimes out on the streets.  I guess what I am not understanding is why your "average thug" would want to go to a school in the first place. There isn't really anything there they woudl want to steal, high scholl kids don;t really have any money to speak of, or at least don;t carry it around with them if they DO have some money, so why would they be there in the first place?   I don;t think crime in our schools is nearly as big a problem as a lot of people make it out to be. Yes, there is some drug dealing that goes on there. Big deal. Stataistically, most of the school shootings fall into the lyttleton category, somebody decides to kill a bunch of people. A school is a pretty good choice if you want ot kill a bunch of people, because there is not likely to be much resistance.   If you post security men at the doors and metal detectors, you have just picked the first two victims. Unless, of course, you want the security men to be armed. IF you want them armed, why not let law abiding citizens who have passed a background check, a firearms safety check, and a marksmanship test carry their guns?
Ahhh, a misconception.  Violence in schools is not a problem in the US. YOu are more likely to be struck by lightning than to be injured due to violence in an American school. Unfortunatly, the anti gunners like to use example of the few times that there are violent episodes in our schools to push their agenda. I think that they most likely sit at home with their fingers crossed just waiting for columbine type massacres so they can rally the american public and get stupid laws passed.   Beyond the standard schoolyard bully who might beat you up and steal your lunch money (whihc I use because it is a cliche, not because it really seems to be a problem), there IS NOT PROBLEM with school violence in America, just a bunch of media fueled hype.  THe problem comes when you get somebody who pops their top and decides to go on a killing spree. These people are not going to stop because the metal detector has beeped, especially if they have just shot and killed the guy who is manning the metal detector. Then you have a situaion where somebody is loose in a school, intent on murdering as many people as possible. I think it is foolish to pass laws that effectively bar the only tool that might make a real difference in stopping a killing spree cold.
I used the term "average thug" because I don't know how to call them else. I was talking about small-class criminals whose crimes are theft, blackmail and such. These crimes are easier to commit with a weapon in hand imo.  Those kinds of criminals are not the kind to shoot a school up like that. Basically they're cowards and want to live another day to enjoy the fruits of their behaviour.  School shootings like in Littleton couldn't have been prevented in a gun-free school. Those kids were out to kill as much people as possible. But they hadn't been able to enter the school cafeteria and classrooms because their guns would have been detected at the entrance.  Comedian, you're smarter than this. Once they have committed to killing, why worry about detectors at the entrance to the cafeteria and classrooms. It's doubtful if they would have been there anyway. ( detectors )  So a shooting would certainly had started but maybe it would have cost less lives.   Remember, those two kids had planned on using homemade explosives to kill even more, as well as causing immense damage to the school.  Also note that I am aware that it would need a few trained securities at the entrances who would act if necessary.  How many? Ten? Fifteen?  The cost would be prohibitive.   And they could certainly provide more safety than an armed teacher (apart from the chilling thought of an armed teacher in general).  Why? How? The armed guard turned tail and ran, leaving the school, kids, and teachers, to the perps mercy. If only 3 or 4 of the teachers had been armed and trained, the chances are very few, if any, would have died. Does a teacher become less qualified to teach because he/she is armed? Would they not have a vested interest in trying to diffuse the incident. The two perps were cowards.
Is it better to force them to start a potential killing spree outside of the school or should they be able to sneak in with all of their guns?  Outside is not where they care to do the killing, but suppose as in the case where the two did stay outside and cut them down, where is the detectors, armed guards, and everything else that supposedly deters them.   It takes less to secure an airport check-in. ;)  Do we put an armed guard outside every classroom? Every restroom? Every door into the auditorium?  [/quote]And you spend 1 billion per day on your military. A few millions to get safer schools should be left somewhere.[/quote]  Comedian, staistically, the school shootings are insignificent. The odds are against it. No school is going to spend thousands or 1oos of thousands of dollars for that. You know it. Besides, this is not a federal problem.  The guard doesn't stand for all others out there.  Then what the hell is he there for? Would you cut and run? Hell, any kind of firepower against those bastards would probably have pinned them down.    And no one can tell you that an armed teacher wouldn't run away from two killers as well.   Possibly, but several armed and trained teachers, on the scene, working together, would more than likely hold the day. For some reason, I get the impression you consider any other that armed police or security personel as being dunderheads. If I'm wrong, I apologize, but hell, those teachers lives are at stake, as well. Remember, there was one killed at Columbine.  And although I might be wrong about the violence issue, I still think that the gun-free zone at schools would show people that this place is about learning and that we are better nowadays than just shooting to solve problems.  Comedian, we're not talking about everyday occurences. Those occurences were anomalies.  A decrease in safety would certainly be not the case.  So far, those free zones haven't done a lot of good.
Comedian, I had written a nice epistle regarding the post last evening. Alas and alack, due to this wonderful Compaq choosing that moment to 'do the hangups', I had to abort the mission, and was just too tired to do it again. I'll try to hit the high points.  A Littleton incident cannot be prevented when the killers are already on their way to kill. I already said so.  Agreed  At the entrances.   See above.  [quote]Call me pigheaded on this but I still think that a school is a wrong place for guns and weapons in general.[quote]  Okay, you're pigheaded! Lol! There, does that make you feel better?  Sorry, I think I expressed myself wrong. I meant to say that this guard was a bad example as it is obviously not a guard's job to run away.  That's okay. We all are woefully lacking, at times, to express ourselves correctly. No Problem. BTW, we agree.  Do you want a teachers militia to secure schools? Their main concern should be to educate, nót to observe the scene.   99.99 % of the time, they would be teaching. It would probably never be necessary to ever do otherwise, but this asks a question. If your child was in a school such as Columbine when the **** hit the fan, would you have been glad there was a teacher or teachers present, armed, but not to the knowlege of the perps, that were willing to place themselves in danger to protect your kid/s? To me, it's a no brainer, but hey, that's just me.  Pupils that can legally go to school armed still frighten me in some way.   The chances are your fears are groundless. Kids use to be able to take firearms to school and never killed anyone by doing stupid things. They can't even take a pocketknife to school any longer. Someone will bitch and raise hell about it.  There are always too many XXXXXX who like to show off and injure someone with a weapon.   Is this truly a fear, or are you attempting to transfer what you may do, in like circumstances, to others. I have two grandsons I would trust implicitly to take firearms to school. They both have been taught and know what a firearm is capable of. I worry much more about them driving.  So they have at least done a bit of good?;) :p  Not from how I see it.
Np. Don't we just love our computers and I-net connections? ;) Thx for bothering about still replying.  Oh yessss! If I never own another Compaq, it'll be too soon.  It's not about feeling better. It's also not meant as an excuse but rather as an explanation for my (maybe stubborn) attitude I show sometimes. I'll try to change that but as what we are discussing here is also a big cultural thing, we probably won't get much common agreements. What shouldn't be an obstacle to further discussions.  No, I don't have problems with cultural differences. I guess what truly amazes me, though, is the over reaction by do gooders in general to situations that are reallt extreme anomalies, and have this mistaken idea they can save the world by outlawing this, that, or the other. It somewhat amazes me as well, that when the Brits take a dump, the Canadians and Aussies think they must too. It seems more aki to the world empire syndrome, the Brits use to have.  I was exaggerating. But to stick to this one could argue that trashmen also don't get taught about proper shooting.    Pardon my questioning this statement, but I see little comparison between trashmen, who are charged with keeping the trash cans safe, and teachers, charged with keeping their students safe.  It is the cultural difference again, I think. Imo the police should be the ones that use force, teachers not.  Uh huh. Brings to mind the old saying, 'where are the cops when you need them the most?'  Difference is again that I believe that a school should be weapon-free per se. But I admit that I cannot really back this up with a safety argument. Not after some of you serious posters told me that violence doesn't seem to be such an issue in the US (although I still think that situations at big high schools in big cities like LA or Chicago might be different).   There is a certain amount of violence in all schools, to a degree, and I admit that, but it doesn't take the form of a vendetta killing, so much, as at Columbine. But, in my opinion, this is the very reason some teachers should be armed. The anomalies will arise and transpire and the cops damned sure can't be everywhere at once.  I think when you teach them about proper gun care, you are looking after their driving skills as well. ;)  Maybe in the abstract, but not in dealing with reality. A pistol or rifle round deals with so much energy measured usually by velocity and foot pounds of energy. A kid, especially a kid that hunts or possibly target shoots, or even just 'plinks' at tin cans, can see a certain amount of damage that a bullet can do. Very few will ever equate that with a much more deadly force of a 3000 pound projectile traveling at a high rate of speed and generating a hell of a lot more energy.  I also think that they are the positive example. How many kids really get a decent lesson or more about gun use?  Then possibly it's time to start doing this in the very schools we are talking about with training beginning at a very young age and graduating into actual firearm competitions by middle school and high school.  But it is the difference in cultures again. I think I can sum it up: We got a situation that isn't too much of a problem (school violence). To prevent any from happening, you say that everything is fine the way it is, you just don't have a real proof due to the lack of violence(now THAT sounds weird). Same goes for me, but due to my background I think that we should also take this situation as a chance to change people's mentality. And were better to start than in school?  There is violence, but really not the type that generates national media coverage as the anomalies of school shootings do. The Pols then don't think they have to APPEAR to be doing something positive, trying to generate votes or publicity for bigger and better political positions.  Btw: May I ask about your age?   Yeah, you can ask. I so old, dirt was named after me.        Actually I'm 68!
And I really don't know if teachers who had to shoot in school can attend their job again equally well (although this probably goes for attacked teachers as well).  I don't either, but I believe the truly good teachers, given proper counseling, could overcome their problems. Even if thet, couldn't, I believe mostgood teachers would consider it sacrifice well paid.  As we got rising numbers of youths being killed in car accidents I understand your concern. But kids see pictures of accidents every day and so should be able to realize about the risk.  Youth and its encompassing blessings, never think it can happen to them. They are almost invincible.   News about killed kids in traffic proof me wrong in this but don't news about gun incidents do so as well?   You would think so, but my experience says it's not so. traffic accidents are usually treated by the media in a locale, but unless a massive one, very seldom mentioned on national TV, whereas a school shooting like Columbine is news for days or weeks. The fallout from Columbine is still making waves.  If guns are allowed at schools it should be the schools duty to teach the kids about the do's and dont's with guns.  Absolutely. That nasty old NRA has a program they usually will present to the lowest grades free of charge, but the GGs are so afraid of proslytizing, on the part of the NRA, they, in many instances, kill the program before it gets started.  I don't think that they needed to do shooting practice but teaching gun safety shouldn't take too much time.  What's wrong with teaching shooting skills. It is a great sport, teaches self reliance, responsibilty, and promotes self esteem.  Should it be?  But as I am generally opposed to guns, you'll understand that it is hard for me to stand in for such a school subject (because it would be a redundant subject in my society). ;)  I understand the quandry, but not the reasoning.  When politicians (if you meant them with 'Pols') act too hasty it is always suspicious.:)  Almost all of the major legislation passed by our congresscritters in the last seventy years has been to kneejerk reactions to a percieved problem concerning firearms. The true can be said to a large extent about the Brits.   I am still shouting "Shooterman" into my garden but no answers yet. ;) :p  Congrats for your age! I hope I will have as much energy as you at that age to discuss with young wiseacres, like you do with us.  As I told my doctor, I've got a 25 year old mind stuck in a 68 year old body. Growing old ain't for sissies. :p :p :p :p
If the attitude towards guns and crime is 'liberal' (I mean guns are regarded as nothing special) that is maybe a possible way.  In effect, there is nothing special about firearms. What is special is the right of every free man to be armed. Not the tool, but the right.  I've skipped a lot, as I don't believe we're too far apart on some things. Give me a month with you down here in my baliwick, I'll turn you into a gun lover.:p  Maybe they should simply create a new office or install a new part in an existing one to calm people down. But maybe this is just a too easy suggestion from a foreigner. ;)  I'm not too sure I follow this.  [Let them offer shooting as a sports course but don't force them to take these course in addition to the gun-safety subject. If they feel the need to learn more, they will enlist on their own.  As long as the programs are offered, I don't have a problem with this.  I wanted to say that it is hard for me to admit that a bit pro-gun could do some good. But I didn't understand the word 'quandry' so maybe my reply makes no sense.  My bad, the word should have been quandary; a state of perplexity or doubt. Predicament, dilemma, or plight.  We got a big freak out about dog laws in Germany (yes, you read correctly) after a so-called fighting dog (I don't know if this is the right term in English) attacked and killed a child. Of course it was a terrible incident but the result in laws did nothing to better the situation but confused lots of people (as well as it costed a bit).  We've got that problem, as well.  I think your concern about gun laws is similar. But not every gun law has to be wrong and unneccessary.  The problem, Comedian, is these laws are passed with little thought about how effective they will be. Why pass them if the don't perform as promised?
Agreed, but one comes with the other. And if a right and therefore the tool is in effect for over 200 years than it is a part of society. That's why I argue about things like gun-free zones or armed passengers, not banning guns in the US alltogether. That would be an unrealistic goal for the far future.  Sorry, Comedian, I had forgottened this thread. Let me suggest to you, in relation to your above posting, if a nut case or one simply wishing to make some grandiose statement decides to shoot up a place, ( and this is not as common as the media would have you believe ) is he/she more likely to attempt to do so where he/she knows there are armed citizens, or in a 'gun free' zone?   No, thanks. :)  I shot a lot during my military service (where the real fun with guns begins) and it really is fun and it certainly gives you an immense feeling of power (the last can be good and bad). But I don't think that introducing guns into our gun-free society would lower our crime rate; which isn't too alarming anyway.  Then, of course, the benefits may not be worth the introduction. I certainly have no quarrel that with something that works in another country, as it is not any of my business. My quarrel is those from another country thinking their agenda will work here, and in reality, not having a clue about the American crime culture.   My suggestion was to install some kind of agency (that was what I meant with 'office') that supervises the whole gun safety subject.  I'm not sure how it works where you live, ( Germany, I think you stated ) but this country is over run with beauracratic XXXXXX as it is. The llast thing we need is another beauacracy, with all the entailing costs, that would accomplish little, except yo promote their own careers.   Schools had an official partner throughout the country and old prejudices between the NRA and anti-gunners would be needless. But I am not sure if this would even be possible because maybe this would fall under state law.  The partnership between the NRA, schools, and government, lasted for a good while, but alas, the damned GGs have screwed that up.  Are there already any or is it forbidden to introduce shooting clubs in schools?  I'm not sure, but I would doubt seriously if such programs exist any longer.  The only thing that all countries seem to have in common is maybe the non-lack of crappy politicians. :p  Unfortunately, you are only too correct. I have advocated for quite a while now, putting politicians on short rations, and weeding out the incompetents and ne'er do wells.  In that case a law is useless. I hope this is not a too big problem in the US in general when it comes about new laws?  This is exactly what happens when most politicians believe they know better than the people that sent them to office, exactly what the people need.  It may be a world wide problem. I suspect it is. It seems though, we have an overabundance of congresscritters in this country that have gone way beyond their level of incompetence.  Again, sorry for not responding sooner. Have a great day.
Why is it every time an extreme leftist defends gun control laws it is in the name of safety? Not once will you hear an extreme leftist defend the rights of the law-abiding citizen to defend themselves.   Come on extreme leftist communist please defend the rights of the law-abiding citizens and not the rights of the criminal!
Actually, there is a fairly interesting paper at http://www.catb.org/~esr/guns/gun-control.html that I think is fairly telling. IT is 56 pages long, so make sure you have some time beofre digging in.   In a nutshell, the guy examines some common myths from both sides of the gun control argument. One of them is that gun owners are more afraid than non-gun owners. HE cites a few different sources which show that in reality, gun owners tend to be less afraid of crime and criminals and more confident in their ability to take care of themselves, even in the absence of a firearm. THere was also an interesting study done a while back at the university of colorado that showed that gun owners showed more self confidence than non gun owners in 97% of those surveyed.  This explains, to me at least, why the liberals and the gun grabbers want to ban gus in the name of "Safety". They are not confident in their ability to handle such an instrument, therefore they don't feel that others are able to handle them either.   I think this also speaks volumes in regards to why responsible gun owners have difficulty understanding the rhetoric of gun banners. We hear about accidental shootings, kids getting ahold of their parents guns, or peoples guns being used aginst them in a robbery.  Now, I am a responsible gun owner, and I am assumeng that you are, also. Neither you nor I is going to leave a loded .45 where a little kid can get it. We know that we are intelligent enough that we are NOT going to forget about the uzi we left on the coffee table. I would NEVER shoot at somebody in my home unless I had identified that they were not friendly, and there is not one chance in the burning pits of hell that somebody is going to get my gun away from me and use it against me.   The first scenario (failure to stroe a gun correctly/teah your kids to respect them) is indicitive of somebody with low self confidence, they are afraid they lack the ability. THe second scenario (accidentaly shooting/misidentifyign target) I think speaks more of one of hte core differences between liberals and conservatives, namely that conservatives tend to be more analytical while liberals are more prone to knee jerk emotional reactions   I saw a guy the other day who was explaining why more liberal types tend to become lawyers and media personalities. Conservatives want to do your taxes and run your company. Liberals want to feel your pain.  I can understand how somebody who is motivated by emotional responses, and more fearful (due to lack of conficdence) in general could potentially shoot somebody in the dark out of fear only to turn on the light and find that they had just murdered their spouse. This may indeed be a realistic fear. Perhapse liberals should not be allowed to own guns.  As far as te third (an attacker using your gun against you), this is obviously related to the self confidence issue. These are people that doubt their ability even when armed to provide for their own safety.
First off, let me say welcome! It is nice to have a new person to debate with around here. Seems like every now and then people seem to just disappear right in the middle of an argument.emoticon_mad   The only people that disappear in the middle of arguments are the ones that you cannot force to compromise. Like the people that disappear when the communists cannot persuade them to see it the way communist sees things. It is clear you have a problem with people that will speak out against your agenda of banning the rights of other people! You have a problem with two rights! You may have a problem with three rights when you start forcing people to comply with unconstitutional searches for guns in the name of safety!   Can you give examples?   The only people that have a problem with law-abiding citizens having guns are people like you that defends gun control laws that only effect the law-abiding citizen!
Whoa Whoa Whoa. What is with all of the hostility? I think that is a little uncalled for don't you? Jeesh, I welcome you to the board and you attack me...very immature on your part. And calling me a hate group member is certainly not appreciated. I ask that you not refer to me in this manner again.   How exactly am I calling for the banning of rights? I am not sure where you get this idea from. Also, I have no problem with anyone who speaks out against my views, so long as they do not find it neccesary to be insulting while doing so. Everyone is entitled to an opinion, if you do not agree with my opinion, you are more than welcome to debate against it.   The only gun control laws that I really support are the laws stating that you may not carry a gun in certain places. While yes, this may affect law abiding citizens by not allowing them to carry their guns with them, criminals and terrorists are not allowed to carry them either. It is not meant to take your rights away, it is meant to prevent guns from being introduced into areas where they are deamed to be dangerous and innapropriate, ie schools and airplanes.   Gee a post removed! Why is it anyone that you warn is banned?  Why would people, run a debate forum only to ban people they cannot force to submit to their communistic agenda?   If there is a debate on gun haters wanting to ban guns then let both sides speak evenly. As we have been demonstrated, gun haters can attack and vilify gun owners at will. Anytime a gun owner replies in the manner of a gun hater. The gun owner is threatened with banishment. Stalin, Hitler, and Sarah Brady would be proud of the gun haters on this forum!
how can they revoke an ammendment? it isnt the guns causing the violence, its what the owners do with them. just because some XXXXXX go on random killing sprees doesnt mean that every1 should suffer from there conciquences. now what can happen is that there can b more filtered ways for you to own a legal gun, but then the black market will just be gettin hit up like crazy. revoke guns and more illegal guns will be bought. allow people to own them, but forcing them to register will allow you to catch killers more quickly if they choose to use the gun for killing. i mean...if people start using pencils as weapons and stabbing mass people will they then revoke pencils from school? it doesnt make sense, any thing can b made into a deadly weapon...its all on what the use does with it. so all in all, taking guns away will be stupid and just cause more people to own illegal guns so it wont solve n e thing!
  The only gun control laws that I really support are the laws stating that you may not carry a gun in certain places. While yes, this may affect law abiding citizens by not allowing them to carry their guns with them, criminals and terrorists are not allowed to carry them either. It is not meant to take your rights away, it is meant to prevent guns from being introduced into areas where they are deamed to be dangerous and innapropriate, ie schools and airplanes.  And just how are the criminals and terroists to be kept from entering a school while armed? Airplanes, probably with some of the new technology, but schools, or bars, or post offices, or government buildings? Just a law that says it is illegal, surely is not going to work.  emoticon_xdonno
Also, I don't think that the main concern that people have with no restirctions on guns is children having accidents with them, criminals breaking in to someone's house and using them against them, etc.  Yet that is an argument used by most LIB DIM GGs. Now there may be some consternation as to my use of that term, but gun control is for most purposes, the baliwick of those same minions.  It is how easy anyone can get any type of weapon in this country, and it is how seemingly most gun rights advocates oppose ANY type of regulation concerning guns.  It will always be easy for the crimiinals to acquire those weapons. Nine million anti-gun laws will not change that.
Laws simply create an environment by which limits are set. Enforcement of those laws ensures compliance. As for schools and government buildings, make it just like airports. Actually, most government buildings already use security (screeners / metal detectors / etc.) to enforce these laws. Schools should certainly follow suit, and some have already. It is a minor inconvenience to some, but another Columbine might be a major inconvenience. I, as well as everyone else that posts here, know that criminals do not follow the law, even before several people pointed it out 300 times. This is common sense.  Correct,you all know that criminals do not follow the law. So,what is another law going to do to prevent criminals from using a gun in a crime?????????
What is a LIN DIM GG?  Sorry 'bout that! I never said I was a typist. It should have been LIB DIM GG.
Why would gun control measures like keeping a register of all the guns sold and who to permantly, or vetting people who buy guns beforehand be a threat to a law abiding citizen, all it will do is make investigations of crimes easier and make it that much harder to get guns for a criminal.  Simple question. HOW?   I think that something similar to a driving test for firearms seems reasonable, make sure that people know how to safely store and use guns as well as making them feel safer using them.  Okay, let's presume we are to do these wonderful things you suggest; whatother RIGHTS will be infringed upon? To worship? Free speech? The right to not be forced to incriminate ones self? Same source for all!  I am curious how this makes me a communist though;)  I don't know if you're a communist or not.
I don't think we are likely to see a determination by the supreme court on this issue in our life time. The reason for this is simple: I don;t think either side really wants to see it. ON the one side, you have the liberals whose best defense to the second amendment seems to be the collective rights theory. While this is an interesting theory, it is unlikely to hold up to supreme court scrutiny which traditionally has relied heavily on original intent in deciding constitutional issues. There have even been rulings by the supreme court that original intent is the only valid criteria when deciding constitutional cases. Given the vast amount of literature we have from the original framers of the constitution that clearly lay out their intent in the second amendment, the collective rights argument is not likely to prevail.  Then you have a situation where it is confirmed that the Second Amendment does in fact convey an individual right, which SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED. This leads to a rather sticky situation. Background checks would, of course, be illegal since you cannot attach a prerequesit to the practice of a right. You also end up with some rather delicate issues insofar as exactly what types of limits you COULD impose before infringement begins. Concealed acrry laws would most certainly be an infringement, as would the NFA, which requires a $200 conditional tax stamp in order to own a machine gun.   This also brings another interesting question. At exactly what point does your individual right to bear arms end? Since the original intent of the founding fathers was without question to ensure that people be armed with the latest military style weapons, the posession of rocket launchers, hand grenades, gatling guns and anti tank rockets would obviously be covered by this individual right. OF coursem nuclear weapons (despite the rediculous ascertations of liberal who use it for shock value) would NOT be covered by your individual right, since it would not realistically be connected to the maintenance of a well regulated militia (you do not use nukes in domestic wars), which is one condition already laid down by the supreme court in the Miller case to the practice of your right to bear arms.  Realistically, it is unlkely that the posession of rocket launchers heavy wepaons would be a problem as far as crime is concerned since these items are already available on the black market, as well as being incredibly easy to construct (a gun generally has upwards of a dozen functional parts, at least 4 of which are precision machined, a bazooka only has 5 moving parts, none of which require precision machining). Heavy weapons are simply a poor choice for commiting a crime.   So, why do the conservatives in government not want the second amendment to hit the supreme court? WE live in a country where there is an ever widening gap between the rich and the poor. The economy is either good for the rich (including corporate interests), or good for the poor. Seldom is the economy good for all Americans at the same time. WE also live in a society where freedoms are slowly being eroded and liberties which we have always taken for granted are starting to disapear (such as burden of proof shifting in some cases from prosecutor to defendant ). IF you were a memeber of he US government, would YOU want your citizens to be armed in such circumstances?  I would agree that common sense gun control laws are a good idea. I disagree as to what can be considered "common sense gun control". IMO, in order to constitute "common sense gun control", a law needs to meet the following criteria:  1. It should address a recognised problem 2. It should be enforcable 3. It should not infringe on constitutional rights 3. The costs associated with administration/enforcement should not outweigh the benifits   To the best of my knowledge, we have not in the history of this country had any problems associated with guns being legally used either in schools or on airplanes. An airplane is private property, thus the decision to allow or deny the carrying of weapons should lie with the owner of the airplane, not with the federal government. WHen guns were commonly carried on airplanes, there was never an incident of hijacking. The first hijacking was commited more than 10 years after guns were banned on aircraft. Realistically speaking, most airlines would be likely to continue banning weapons ont heir planes, so this is really a non issue.  IT is also not within my knowledge that a shooting has ever taken place at a school where the individual involved was legally able to posess a gun. The law requires that you be over 18 in order to posess a rifle or shotgun, over 21 to posess a handgun. You further can not be a felon, can not be under a restraining order, can not have been convicted in a domestic violence case, and can not be mentaly defective. I don't think that any school shooting has ever occured where the individual has met all of those criteria. It seems foolish to me to ban posession of wepaons to people who meet all of those criteria, even if it is at a school. When that occasional deranged individual does come along who wants to shoot up a school, you have effectively removed one of the few tools that would be useful to stopping them.   As far as background checks go, we have had them for quite a while, and they do not seem to do a bit of good. There has been no decrease in violent crime that can be linked to background checks. They cost millions of dollars per year to administer, yet provide no real benifit. THe number of people that are turned down for gun purchase and are actually prevented from eventually purchasing a gun through a dealer are pretty low. Prosecutions for those who actually DO apply and attempt to purchase a weapon even though they are prohibited are incredibly rare. There is actaully a reason for this. In order for such a prosecution to be effective, the prosecutor would have to prove that the person attempted to purchase a weapon KNOWING that they were prohibited by law from doing so.   Do you see the problem here? A prosecutor would be stuck having to convince a jury that this individual walked into a gun store and filled out an application, with full knowledge that a background check would be performed, KNOWING that they were ineligeble to purchase a weapon. IT absolutly flies in the face of logic that anybody is going to walk into a gun store and incriminate themselves by filling out forms that they KNOW are going to be sent to the federal government wehn they are inelegible to purchase a firearm. IF you were a prosecutor, would you really want to take this in front of a jury? THere are also constitutional issues here. The supreme court has already ruled that you CANNOT charge a convicted felon with failing to register a weapon, as registering the wepon would be an act of self incrimination. IT would seem logical that basing prosecution on a form that an ineligeble person is required to fill out would fall under the same guidelines.  I would agree that stricter penaltie for gun related crimes is a common sense gun control measure. Here in kansas, a burglar caught armed is automatically subject to a 5 year extension on their prison sentence. For years, we enjoyed a much lower rate of armed burglary than other states that do not have such laws. Recently, our rate of armed buglary is up (though stll much lower than many other states). I believe this is due to a change in recent judicial practice. While it used to be that the 5 year sentence for posession of the weapon generally ran consecutive to the sentece for breaking and entering (which was generally 5 years, for a total of 10 years), it has recently become common judicial practice to set the sentence to run concurrent to the sentence for breaking and entering, so the person only serves 5 years in total.   A similar situation exists in regards to our law that requires a stricter sentence for drug related crimes that involve the use or posession of a firearm. Prosecutors routinely plea bargain these cases down, and judges routinely reduce sentences in response to overfilled jails and overloaded court dockets.   While these types of programs are unquestionably effective in curbing criminal gun usage, the big question is are we willing to pay the price? Keeping people in jail for years is not a cheap proposition. I know that our local county jail rents beds to johnson county (the most populated county in KS, and the one with the highest crime rates). 95% of the prisoners are from johnson county. The next county over has a 315 bed jail which is full all the time, and 99% of their prisoners are farm outs from other counties (that county only has 3100 people in the whole county, and very low crime rates). They are getting ready to d an expansion and add ANOTHER 300 beds, and their research shows that they can expect them to be full all the time. One of the jails charges $35 per day per prisoner, the other charges $45 per day per prisoner. WE will average the two ad say it costs $0 per day, per prisoner to keep somebody in jail in kansas. This means that to tack 5 years onto a single persons sentence costs 73,000 dollars.   That money has to come from somewhere. Currently, KAnsas is (I think along with several other states) in a major budget crunch. They have resorted to collecting property taxes early and giving out income tax returns late to make up for this. Where are we going to come up with an extra $73,000 per prisoner over a 5 year period to pay for enforcement of these gun control laws?  I am not saying thes types of laws are a bad idea, I think they are an excellent idea and I think they are much more likely to be effective than a lot of the other gun control laws that are currently in effect or have been proposed, but I think that we need to seriously look at such questions as how much it is going to cost and how to fund such things.
To which proposed law are you reffering to? I agree that the majority of gun control laws are ****. Some make sense. I only support common sense gun control measures, thing such as no guns in schools, no guns on airplanes, background checks for the sale of all firearms, tougher sentences for crimes in which guns are used, etc. I don't know which proposed gun control measure you are speaking of. My main argument is that the common sense laws that we have in place need to be enforced.  Without enforcement, any law is pointless. There are some on this forum that state that any law restricting the right to own or use a gun is unconstitutional, and I feel that this is a dangerous theory. The courts over the last 30 years have never been able to agree on a firm and binding interpretation of the constitution on the 2nd amendment, it has been taken on a case by case basis it seems. I think if we really want to make progress on the issue, we first need to interpret the constitution to apply to modern America.   If this is your belief on the gun control issue,then we are on the same page. All the things you mentioned such as ,no guns in schools,airplanes,background checks are all enforced as we speak. I also agree with you on the enforcement issue.A majority of gun owners are pressing this very issue.We ask the question."Why make new laws when the old ones are not enforced?
We have seen vast improvement over the past couple years on aircraft/airport security...however it has a long way to go.  As far as enforcement of gun laws in school, they are not being enforced. This is an issue that needs to be addressed soon, before another shooting takes place. Few schools are actually proactive in security. Making a law and posting it is not enforcement of the law.   And I am not even for enforcing half of the old ones when half of the old laws make little or no sense, and do not benefit either side of the argument. We need to enact common sense measures...and enforce them. That means getting rid of a good many of these inane laws. Laws about magazine capacity, assault weapons, "cop killer bullets", etc... make no difference in the prevention of terrorism, school shootings, or assorted other gun violence. And quite frankly, I don't care about all gun violence. If 2 drug dealers want to shoot each other for control of their corner, great. But if a 12 year old wants to carry a gun into my sons school and kill 13 or so people because he was picked on too much, I have a real problem. To me, there are just some places and situations where guns do not belong.  I totally agree.
Why would gun control measures like keeping a register of all the guns sold and who to permantly, or vetting people who buy guns beforehand be a threat to a law abiding citizen, all it will do is make investigations of crimes easier and make it that much harder to get guns for a criminal. I think that something similar to a driving test for firearms seems reasonable, make sure that people know how to safely store and use guns as well as making them feel safer using them.  I am curious how this makes me a communist though;)   For starters, contrary to what some news sources say, for every gun sold by a dealer, the dealer keeps a record of the gun's make, model, caliber, and serial number, as well as who the gun was sold to, their driver's license number, address, height, weight, race, etc. These records are kept by the dealer, and any information on the form must be provided to the BATFE anytime it is requested. These are not the records gun rights activists demand are destroyed within 24 hours. Secondly, I would love the opportunity to ensure that everone who purchases or comes into contact with a weapon knows how to properly and safely handle it. However, I would not trust the government to come up with the requirements for such regulation. I look at the TSA and the armed-pilots program, it is my understanding that the government is making this process very difficult for those that want to enroll. Many have said that the process is intrusive and insulting. It's not so hard for me to believe that if a process like this was necessary to purchase a firearm, then it would amount to the government intimidating people not to exercise their second amendment. I would love it if firearm safety were taught in schools, and at a relatively young age. It amazes me that those who advocate "gun safety" in lieu of gun control spend so little time promoting education, and so much time promoting storage methods that a) make the gun unavailable in an emergency, and b) likely just make the gun seem more mysterious and appealing to the same children we are keeping them away from. I think that the "do not touch" approach does have it's merits, but that should not be the only avenue taken. To me it's just like sex ed. Teaching abstinence is great, but when you only do that, people who don't choose abstinence should know that there are safe and unsafe ways to do things.
All these things are infringed on to make a working society, suicide bombers are not protected by their religion even if they beleive that it is requiredd of them, libel and slander still exist in a place with free speach. Why should the right to bear arms be any different from these, with the right comes the responsibilty to practise it sensibly.  THere are no rights that we allow to be "sensibly" restricted. Basically, you can excercise your rights full as long as doing so does not infringe ont he rights of or harm others.   If I want to have an RPG-7 in my closet, why should I no be allowed to as long as II don;t use it illegally?
Sounds sensibly restricting to me, not letting them harm others, but seeing as that does include censorship for free speech, censorship for guns doesn't seem to much different- you can watch violent films if you are deemed responsible enough to do so, not much of a stretch to put the same limit on guns, seeing as it is already like that anyway (criminals can't always get them legally, not sure about the mentally ill though I guess it changes from state to state).  It is far more complicated than "sensible restriction" IT has nothing to do with restricting your rights, but with protecting the rights of others.   As for your RPG-7, depends on what you beleive the fundamental belief behind your society should be and how far you want to take it and what you are willing to change. You are only really running into problems if the government decides there isn't anything legal you could actually do with it and whether you/it beleives you can strike first in self defence.  It doesn't matter whether there is a legal use for it or not. The RKBA SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED. THe right should not be restricted, so long as by exercising my right to keep and bear arms does not infringe any body elses right. What I do wity it is of little or no consequence. If I just want to hang it on my wall, I should have that right, or if I just like the way it looks in my gun safe, or if I want to give it a womans name and sleep all snuggled up to it. IT is nobodies business. I should have the right to have my RPG-7 if I so desire. THe miller decision by the supreme court found that the weapon in question has to have some reasonable use within a militia. An RPG dfinatly fills that bill, so I shoudl have the right to own one.
Important thing with it is whether you beleive you can act in pre-emptive self defense, are you allowed to shoot in defense before you yourself have been shot at, or must you have be absolutely sure that the aggressor is trying to kill you as oppsed to threatening you.  THere has to be an imminent danger to your life. IF you say "I am going to kill you" to somebody and they kill you for it, thye wil go to jail. If you say "I am going to kill you" to somebody while you are pointing a gun at them and they shoot you, they are a hero, so no jail time.   If so, the government would be just making the same descion when it decides to take it off you unless it was absolutely sure you did only intend to sleep with it.    This is not what they are doing. They are restricting rights without showing any imminent threat or any intention to commit a crime. They are basically saying "the fact you have it means you are going to commit a crime with it". Though it is overused, the analogy of man with penis=rapist is fairly accurate in this circumstance.   Would you object to increasing levels of safety training and permits if it let you freely have these kind of weapons (owning such a weapon and not storing it somewhere where it would be next to impossible to steal would be reckless and seriously endanger others)?    Permits, no, you do not need a permit to exercise a right. The supreme court has said, and rightly so, that there can be no prequalification for the exercise of a right. A right is something you exercise without ant kind of permission. Permit is actually a word derived from the word permission. RIGHT and PERMIT are absolutly mutually exclusive. This is what the GG's don't seem to understand when they say "you can still have your guns, you just need a permit". There is NO SUCH THING as a RIGHT that requires a PERMIT. One of the direct causes of the American Revolution was that british were trying to confiscate guns from those who did not heve PERMITS signed by the governer. When the opening shots of the revoltionary war were fired, the british were attempting to sieze the Americans guns.   This is why I hate the Brady bills background checks. YOu go in to buy a gun, and you fill out a form with all your private info. The dealer calls in, gives that info to the folks that check up on you, and then they give the dealer permission to sell you the gun. For all intents and purposed, they are issuing you a verbal PERMIT to purchase that weapon. NOBODY has the right to give you permission to exercise a right.   On the otherhand, I personally wouldn't do anything to XXXX off a guy with a RPG.  Now you are thinking like one of the framers of the constitution. OUr government is a system of checks and balances, and this was the final one. Congress, the president and the courts all have to agree in order for a law to stay on the books. THe second amendment assures us that the people have the final say on the matter. It is the power of the vote that ensures us there will be an America tommorow, it is the second amendment that ensures it will be free.  Our forefathers knew that political systems could be corrupted, they knew about special interests, and political parties, and foreign intervention in election. Do you really think that this stuff is new? Because they understood these things, they included in our bill of rights the second ammendment
seems to me to be a difference between what the 2nd amendments purpose is (to ensure a free democracy and prevent tyranny) and what it is primarily used to defend (the right to bear arms for self defense). Or is this latter right covered elsewhere, for the latter owning an RPG seems unessary,  wheras an RPG has far fewer other than causing death. You talk about not showing imminant threat, but if a lion was wandering about would you wait for him to attack before deciding that having lions in cities is a bad idea and it being outside a controlled environment is a threat?  Where does it say in the second amendment what you claim about it?   People wishing to limit the second amendment can never show where in the second amendment it claims that.
You don't think there is a level where certain weaponry becomes excessive, there seems to me to be a difference between what the 2nd amendments purpose is (to ensure a free democracy and prevent tyranny) and what it is primarily used to defend (the right to bear arms for self defense). Or is this latter right covered elsewhere, for the latter owning an RPG seems unessary, it is not really a suitable weapon for self defense but actually against the government it seems pretty feeble (you would really need something far larger to actually threaten the government- but where is the line between concerned citizen and nuclear armed terrorist capable of threatening the goverment/bringing it back in line. An extreme example but seems the end conclusion of not putting a cap on the the type of weapon allowed, especially if the top level weapons are there more for protection against the government).   How do you come to conclusion that this was the purpose of the second amendment? The Second Amendment has nothing to do with self defense, though it is intended to gaurantee a free democracy. The idea is not, nor was it ever, for a single citizen to be able to take on the government. The idea was for the citizenry as a collective to be able to resist a tyrannical government. Don't think you can do so with small arms such as RPG's and machine guns? Tune in to MSNBC tonight and wait for a story about Iraq, and you will see a bunch of guys with small arms resistng the most powerful military the world has ever known.   The two puroses of the Second Amendment were to protect against foreign invasion and as a check against a tyrannical government. This is EXACTLY why we should be allowed to have an RPG, a rocket launcher, a bazooka, a .50 anti aircraft gun, a stinger missile or a hellfire missile if we so desire. The idea was for every American to be armed with "weapons which are of common military use". While it is definatly possible to resist government forces using only rifles, pistols and shotguns, it would be much easier with heavier weapons. These are weapons used in self defens, but not hte kind you are thinking. Thee weapons are the kind of thing that would be used to protect yourself against a tyrannical government, or a foreign invader. The right to prtect you self from other individuals is not really gauranteed by the second ammendment at all. IT is not expressly mentioned ANYWHERE in the bill of rights. IT is just such a basic, primal right that even the Dems cant see a way to kill it.  As for the rapist analogy, not quite right as there are other reasonable uses for a penis, wheras an RPG has far fewer other than causing death. You talk about not showing imminant threat, but if a lion was wandering about would you wait for him to attack before deciding that having lions in cities is a bad idea and it being outside a controlled environment is a threat?   THe only use of a penis is to have sex. there is no other. YOu do not really need a penis for urination. Sometimes, using that penis to have sex is illegal. THe purpose of an RPG is to kill. In some cases, they killing would be illegal. IT is the same thing.   THe analogy of the lion is a poor one. First of all, a lion is a dumb animal driven soley by instinct. People are not. Second, a lion will instinctively kill, people do not kill by instinct. I doubt we would just kill the lion, most likely efforts would first be made to relocate it, as we know that lions are generally fearful of people and will not attack a person. Thre are actually mountain lions seen in the suburbs of Denver and Boulder. It is illegal to kill them unless they are attacking a person or livestock. Interestingly enough, in kansas (where I live) it is illegal to shoot a dog unless it is atacking a person or alivestock. Don't people deserve the same consideration given to a dog?
I just doubt that armed populaces could really stop the government if it turned tyrannical, the situation in Iraq is quite different as they theoretically just need to be costly enough to control that popular support turns against US forces being there, in a civil war that isn't going to happen.  There is little question that an armed populaces could stop a tyrannical government, the troops that the government would call on would also be part of that &#8220;armed populace&#8221;. If the government went so far as to incite a popular uprising, the military would be split, like the rest of the population, and it would then only matter who has the keys to the arms room, and ammo supply.   The question isn&#8217;t who would win, the government always wins, the losers are always the rebels. The winners write the history books!
But it ( THE SECOND AMENDMENT )had to have a purpose other than to let people have guns,  Let's get one thing straight. The Second Amendment DOES NOT LET  people have guns. The amendment simply enumerates and GUARANTEES  the right of people to gave guns and says it shall not be infringed. You do see the difference, don't you?  there is nothing magical about guns that makes them great, it is the function that people want them for.  Agreed.  The two reasons most people mention when they refer to the original intentions of the the 2nd amendment are self defense and an insurance against tyranny. I am just saying I don't see how the RPG fits into either of those catagories.  I won't address whether an RPG falls under the auspices of the Second Amendment guarantee. Especially when dealing with self defense, but there can be little doubt an RPG could fit nicely into an attempt to defend the nation against usurpation of freedom. ( no matter how slight the chance of usurpation )
ok, i live in kansas which is currently going throught the motions of instituting a concealed carry law so i been thinking about it  there are 3 general ways to reduce crime 1. high penalties, example along time ago in arabia (could still be happening, i dont know) your right hand was chopped off for stealing, this punishment was even worse since the left hand is considered unclean and its an insult to your host to touch anything with it, everytime you would do anything in public you had to explain that you had been a thief.....this cannot be implemented well here in america  2. more police, enough to catch folks in the act, again, cannot be implemented costs too much money  3. prepare your citizens to deal with criminals, there are many ways martial arts can work, but take too much time and training, a concealed firearm is the quickest and easiest way to be ready. tear gas and tasers are alternatives but are not garunteed. a determined or high opponent can take a bullet to the heart and still kill the person shooting him/her, try to tell me that teargas would stop him/her  now i remember someone somewhere saying, if you have it, then you _will_ use it eventually, i have this to say  i was in high school when the high profile school shootings of the nineties happened, i was a gun nut, these XXXXXX made me look bad, so i started carrying a rather large folding pocket knife, and i swore that if somebody started shooting people in my school then i would do whatever i could to stop it, fortunatly i never had too. now im in college, and i still carry that knife, 7 yrs i have carried it with the intent to defend myself and those around me, yet the only use it has had is breaking down boxes for the dumpster, dont tell me the presense of a weapon means a crime will occur.  now i have gotten smarter, i will happily help society defend itself in a reasonably fair engagement, but the government has made certain that no one has a gun in public places, they disarmed me, so they are on their own  an interesting note is this, after going through the exhaustive requirements the gov wants to ensure that you are a safe carryer, they still prevent you from carrying in certain areas, the proposed law disallows concealed carry in universities, schools, businesses that disallow it, and anywhere children congregate imagine wearing a ballcap for a month, then being told that its a felony to wear it when you walk into a library. just when you become comfortable and forget you are wearing it then your supposed to remember that you cant in this place  and why not in a university, people there are considered legal adults, after paying the money and doing the training, putting my fingerprints on record i would not be able to carry 70% of my time in public, the other time i work in a gun store, not like someone is going to rob them in daylight, seems criminals, even armed ones, avoid places saturated with guns, something to think about huh?  Mathurin
ok, i live in kansas which is currently going throught the motions of instituting a concealed carry law so i been thinking about it  Welcome aboard! I am in Kansas too (near Emporia).  I think Sebelius is going to veto it. I don't know if we have the votes to over ride the veto or not. I have heard rumors that Kerry is considering Sebelius for a running mate. All I can say is "Take her and good riddance. We can't take much more of her math".  there are 3 general ways to reduce crime 1. high penalties, example along time ago in arabia (could still be happening, i dont know) your right hand was chopped off for stealing, this punishment was even worse since the left hand is considered unclean and its an insult to your host to touch anything with it, everytime you would do anything in public you had to explain that you had been a thief.....this cannot be implemented well here in america  Interestingly enough, that is because their left hand was the one they used to wipe. True.  2. more police, enough to catch folks in the act, again, cannot be implemented costs too much money  exactly  3. prepare your citizens to deal with criminals, there are many ways martial arts can work, but take too much time and training, a concealed firearm is the quickest and easiest way to be ready. tear gas and tasers are alternatives but are not garunteed. a determined or high opponent can take a bullet to the heart and still kill the person shooting him/her, try to tell me that teargas would stop him/her  3 for 3! College must be doing you some good!  now i have gotten smarter, i will happily help society defend itself in a reasonably fair engagement, but the government has made certain that no one has a gun in public places, they disarmed me, so they are on their own  Excellent point. On the one hand, it is good to keep people from getting killed. On the other hand, if somebody is going to die, I would prefer it not be me.   an interesting note is this, after going through the exhaustive requirements the gov wants to ensure that you are a safe carryer, they still prevent you from carrying in certain areas, the proposed law disallows concealed carry in universities, schools, businesses that disallow it, and anywhere children congregate  These conditions were put in place to placate the liberals. I don't think the bill would pass without them. While they absolutly fly in the face of common sense, especially since the measures called for in the new bill are actually stricter than those required of law officers in kansas, for some reason they make the liberals feel better. I don't think that there will be much of a problem with businesses that disalow it, except maybe in socialist Johnson County. This is Kansas, where most people can still at least find "common sense" in the dictionary.   and why not in a university, people there are considered legal adults, after paying the money and doing the training, putting my fingerprints on record i would not be able to carry 70% of my time in public, the other time i work in a gun store, not like someone is going to rob them in daylight, seems criminals, even armed ones, avoid places saturated with guns, something to think about huh?  Mathurin  Yes, the university one is quite possibly the most nonsensical. I will never understand why people seem to think that the mere presence of a weapon makes it somehow more likely that there is going to be a problem. I have lots and lots of guns, right here at my house. Last year, the murder rate at my house was 0. I think that we can most likely maintain the same this year.   What school are you at?
i am at PSU in pittsburg kansas, another thing i just noticed  a friend of mine just got back from iraq, where he was trusted to ride on top of a humvee and fire a full automatic .50 caliber M2 (thats an extremly powerful weapon, pierces armored personel carriers even...is a fixed machine gun if you dont know) and he arrives here only to find that he cannot buy a pistol cause he is 19, a pistol which is a close copy of his sidearm, whats up with that  he was paid to carry this arm in an area where murderers have little chance of getting caught, yet he cannot buy one here, where most criminals get caught  Mathurin hmm, i wonder why no antis posted to my previous thread, i figured i would find it on fire
The antis kind of duck out after a while, especially on the concealed carry issue. Since the numbers don;t support them, they don;t have much by way of a leg to stand on here.  IT has been a while since an anti tried to take up the cause in a good intellectual debate here, it seems they prefer emotional responses. Most of our really serious antis have left, right now the "hot topic" seems to be about gun free school zones and guns on airplanes.  It always seemed a bit odd to me that an 18 yr old kid can jin the military and be given access to cannons, rocket launchers, mortars, machine guns and bombs, but we apparently cannot trust them with a 9mm or to drink a beer.  Odd to say the least.
yes they do a record check before you enlist. they go deaper if you are in need of a security clearance.  gee, what is wrong with Kansas, and Illinois telling the milatary that the staet know more about how old you should be to get ahold of a gun? Ok to die for there country, but not quite ready for ALL there rights.
Requirements to join military......no felonies on record.........high school diploma.......willing to work for next to nothing.  Congratulations, you are in the army! They are considering dropping the high school diploma requirement because they are having trouble filling hteir quotas. They are thinking a GED style entry test instead, or just going off your ADSAP.
Sigma, depends on the branch. Army soldiers get a less stringent course in training and much more lax qualifying requirements. Marines on the otherhand really enforce marksmanship and have more stringent standards. Yet they give all the new expensive toys to the Army since the Marines have to share a budget with the Navy, go figure.  I'm currently in my 2nd year of college at EKU here in KY. I've considered joining the Marines, and still might in the future. I'm only 19, so I've got time to complete college and then decide whether I want to work at a job or join the military. I really think it's something that all people should go through, just to show them the realities of life and possibly get to see places besides the good 'ol USA.  mathurin, you're treading a thin line when it comes to preventing trouble and asking for it. Unless you can truly prevent something, it's better to retreat, helping anyone along the way, and get proper help or equipment to handle the situation. Either way, courts won't look kindly on you performing 'police' duties and being a civilian, whether you saved someone or not.
Gah. At least they train you to use the weapons correctly, yes?  In general they train you on the weapon you are going to be carrying. I have a buddy in the army who couldn;t figure out how to load and fire an AK.
Actually, it has some signifcant differences from most US made firearms that would hinder you from firing it without a bit of trail and error or priot knowledge. Take the magazine for instance. Most US firearms utilize a straight insert, detent-retention type. AKs on the other hand but be rocked into position. If you insert it straight, it won't fit/lock. Another is the saftery. The main types here are button, thumb lever and garand-style triggerguard. The AK though requires removal of the hand from the grip and to physically move the dust shielf/saftey downward. It's a big object and takes considerable movement to operate, not something an American accustomed to our firearms would realize off-hands since it's complete away from the grip area and an odd shape. Of course, it shouldn't take you too long to figure these features out if you take the time to look over it.
Wow... A monkey could figure that out!  You would certainly think so. I believe one of the things they took into consideration when designing it was ease of use for a conscript army. HE was at a total loss as far as attaching the magazine (apparently since there is no real mag well) and the safety eluded him.
the USMC gets short changed by the navy, rember the guys "signing there checks" are not reqired to quilifie with there weapons at training.   how much training also depends on what unit you end up in, i was in a support unit, but i was fireing something at least every 3 mth. i was trained in clearing buildings.   still there are diffrent rules for weapons handling in comdat from carring in public.
That is scary. My WUM-1 came with no instructions and it took me 5 minutes to figure the WHOLE thing out including breakdown and reasemmbally  I was thinking about where I learned to shoot an AK. I am not sure I ever actually did. I just picked the thing up, took a look at it, and all the pieces just kind of fell into place. The safety would pretty obviously be the big switch on he side. There is really no other option. THe mag well could be considered confusing, but if you have a magazine, you should be able to figure out pretty quick how that all goes together. I don;t think anybody ever even told me how to field strip the thing. You pull the top cover and right away shoudl go "huh, so that't how it works"  It would seem to me that, being in the military, he shoud have had instruction in the proper care and feeding of an AK-47. Odds are, whoever the enemy is, wherever the enemy is, some of them are going to be using an AK or an AK derivitive. It just seems like there are an awful lot of situations in combat where it might be right handy to be able to pick up your enemies gun and use it. You can only carry so much ammo after all.
It would seem to me that, being in the military, he shoud have had instruction in the proper care and feeding of an AK-47. Odds are, whoever the enemy is, wherever the enemy is, some of them are going to be using an AK or an AK derivitive. It just seems like there are an awful lot of situations in combat where it might be right handy to be able to pick up your enemies gun and use it. You can only carry so much ammo after all.  I spent 4 years in the 82nd airborne, and no one ever mentioned AK's to us. There was no training with foreign weapons at all. I don't have an AK (yet), but is a Saiga 20 near enough? It took a few minutes to figure out loading and unloading, and a few more to dissemble it. The hardest part was getting that top cover off, then it was intuitive.
I spent 4 years in the 82nd airborne, and no one ever mentioned AK&#8217;s to us. There was no training with foreign weapons at all. I don&#8217;t have an AK (yet), but is a Saiga 20 near enough? It took a few minutes to figure out loading and unloading, and a few more to dissemble it. The hardest part was getting that top cover off, then it was intuitive.  I have done a lot of international travelling, most of it ouside of europe, and a large portion of it in conflict zones. Wherever you go in the world where there is conflict, you will find the ever reliable AK-47. For years te russians ad chinese gave the things away. They were so popular that the company that built them (and still does to an extent) is going under becasue there are so many of them available ont he surplus market that you can pick them up in sub sahara africa for a $20 bill, including a dozen loaded magazines.  To me, it just seems like it would be common sense to teach our armed forces to use the most popular assault weapon in the world. The M-16 is a good gun, but outside of the US military, and the militaries of nations friendly to the US, the M-16 is a pretty rare weapon. On the modern battlefield, if you bend over and pick up a dead mans weapon, there is a better than average chance that it will be an AK. IT is rediculous that our troops don;t learn to operate one in basic training.  The Saiga 20 is pretty much an AK modified to fire 12 gauge rounds, so yes, it counts. IF you want to improve the performance of the Saiga, you can pop that puppy open in install a rubber bumper pad to speed up the cyclic rate (just like an Uzi). Add a 8 rd magazine and you have one of the better home defense weapons you will ever find (IMHO). THey make a Saiga 20K with a 16.5 inch barrel that would probably be even better than the 20 (which has a 23 inch barrel) for home defense since it would be a little more maneuverable in tight quarters (like a hallway).  I have not had much chance to play with a Saiga. I assume that, since it is the same basic design as an AK, you could open the action, dump in a handful of sand, then load it and fire it just fine, like you can the AK. HAve you had much oppurtunity to try yours out?
I have done some sheet shooting with it. The Saiga 20 is 20 Ga. version. The only problem I have found is you need to use the right length ammo in it. If you try to use 2 3/4" shells in the 3" mag it will fail to feed 75% of the time.  I am not going to try dumping sand in it and shooting to satisfy your curiosity :)
Doesn't the Saiga shotgun have a gas regulator on the gas tube? I believe you have to adjust it for perfect feeding, without abusing the gun of course. There's a site out there specifically for them, with lots of tips and tricks. You can even convert them to a pistol grip following the sunset of the AWB. It just takes 10-or-less import parts, a dremel, and an AK FCG. AR-15.com's AK forum had a step-by-step guide for a 7.62 version.
I have done some sheet shooting with it. The Saiga 20 is 20 Ga. version. The only problem I have found is you need to use the right length ammo in it. If you try to use 2 3/4" shells in the 3" mag it will fail to feed 75% of the time.  Duh.....mind fart....the one I have played wiht was a Saiga 12k. Try changing the position of your gas regulator to feed the non mag rounds  I am not going to try dumping sand in it and shooting to satisfy your curiosity :)  Come on! You can do it with a regular AK. What's the worst thing that could happen? Tie it to a tree and a string to the trigger so if it blows apart it doesn;t kill you. Inquiring minds want to know....
the problems feeding was not coulsed by the regulator, the frount of the shell would snage. the 2 3/4" mags move them up enugh to clear easly.  you buy to weapon, i'll dump the sand. that shotgun is (for now) the most expensive gun i have. the AR will pass it up soon.
the problems feeding was not coulsed by the regulator, the frount of the shell would snage. the 2 3/4" mags move them up enugh to clear easly.  you buy to weapon, i'll dump the sand. that shotgun is (for now) the most expensive gun i have. the AR will pass it up soon.  Can youre-mill the feed in order t pick up a little extra clearance? Unless it is hard jamming, you probably only really need a couple of thousandths, and it may not hur to knock the barrel side of the feed ramp down a little bit anyway.  Ok, after you get some more expensive weapons, you can do the sand test. I don;t want to buy the weapon.....it might ruin it. Much mopre fun to wate other peoples money than your own (wow, I sound like a liberal).
i just need to get the correct mag. it moves the brass up far enough to get rid of the problem.
It would be good if many more people would get a legal concealed carry license. We need more people packin in this day of surprise terrorist attacks. Imagine if terrorists were to try to take captive a group in a theater? If just a couple armed men blocked the exits what would unarmed people do? But if some in the crowd were armed all might be saved. This is the way it ought to be nowadays.
"Freedom, as those versed in even rudimentary political science know, comes in two variants, freedom 'from,' and freedom 'to.' Both of these are crucial in American society. We all want freedoms 'to' do things that benefit us, and we want freedoms from things that harm us."   This argument, if true, would mandate all people to give up any and everything that may be harmful. Give up automobiles, they may be harmful. Give up swimming pools, they may be harmful. The list goes on and on with items that cost us much more in human suffering and death, each year.  [Do you want to have more freedom by giving up your guns? We could have freedom from gun violence and freedom from high taxes that are caused by thousands of gun injuries each year.   A suppositional error based on what?  "The cost of firearm injuries in the US in 1990 was an estimated $20.4 billion. This includes $1.4 billion for direct expenditures for health care and related goods, $1.6 billion in lost productivity resulting from injury-related disability, and $17.4 billion in lost productivity from premature death. (Max and Rice, 1993)....There you have it: costs of up to $20 billion, most of which is borne by the taxpayer, which limits our rights and freedoms. Hundreds of thousands of injuries, limiting the freedoms of those shot, and tens of thousands of deaths, completely halting those freedoms.     Let's see now. We can, in my opinion, automatically discount many of these cost. The bulk of deaths from firearms is in the criminal world, so lost productivity is somewhat of a misnomer, however, that's common with you GGs, isn't it? That 17.4 billion, mostly from criminal activity, would of course not be a savings to the taxpayer, anyway, so, in effect, this becomes a another red herring, designed to snooker the American Public.  "Rights come from one of two places. Either they are granted by God, or they are formed in agreement among people. Since God, although an important part of American society, has no official place in American government, our system of rights is based on an implicit social contract, one in which the general goal is to maximize freedom. Only when the American public comes to its senses and realizes that guns cost more than they are worth, will we all agree to limit one freedom, to provide us with another.  Another fallcious thought process, as it deals not at all with the savings in human life and injury from the benevolent uses of a firearm each year. GGs like to , or, at least, used to like to make the comment, 'if gun control saves just one life?" Well the question is, what if gun control takes one life?   "This is also known as the 'workability' argument, or by some, the 'I refuse to submit' argument. How can we possibly get people to 'give up their guns'? Well, as I indicated above, we can't, unless they are willing to. This is why I advocate explaining the costs of guns as much as possible, and fighting the gun lobby at every turn. Only when we convince gun owners that their guns are dangerous to the freedoms of others can we hope to succeed. If nobody buys the argument, and everybody wants guns, then all I can (and will) do is continue to attempt to persuade otherwise. But I believe that when looking at the problem honestly and evaluating the tremendous costs of guns to our freedoms, and their relatively minimal returns on such, we as a society will decide to maximize our freedoms by giving up the guns."   http://www.asahi-net.or.jp/~zj5j-gttl/freedom.htm  Only a minimum return in the eyes of advowed gun grabbers.  Are you willing to make America freer by giving up your guns? Pro-gunners love to pay lip service to the idea of freedom, but are they willing to make the necessary sacrifice for the cause of freedom?  As your premise is more than flawed, my answer has to be, 'not no, but hell no!'
"Freedom, as those versed in even rudimentary political science know, comes in two variants, freedom 'from,' and freedom 'to.' Both of these are crucial in American society. We all want freedoms 'to' do things that benefit us, and we want freedoms from things that harm us."   Those versed in even rudimentary political science also recognise that "Freedom" is a subjective term. I understand why she chose to focus on "freedom" instead of "rights", since "rights" is a well documented, non-subjective term with a legal definition.   "freedom" is just a by-product of the existance of rights.   "The cost of firearm injuries in the US in 1990 was an estimated $20.4 billion. This includes $1.4 billion for direct exp enditures for health care and related goods, $1.6 billion in lost productivity re sulting from injury-related disability, and $17.4 billion in lost productivity from premature death. (Max and Rice, 1993)....There you have it: costs of up to $20 billion, most of which is borne by the taxpayer, which limits our rights and freedoms. Hundreds of thousands of injuries, limiting the freedoms of those shot, and tens of thousands of deaths, completely halting those freedoms.     Wow, I didn't know that anybody wtill quoted the junk science in "Shooting in the Dark: Estimating the Cost of Firearm Injuries" (the max and rice article being quoted here). Here is how they came up with their numbers. They took the number of firearm deaths and injuries per year, and calculated their cost in lost time and wages using the average income data for AMerica. BAsically, they assumed that all those people are middle class. Oddly enough, in the same report, they cite a source which shows that over 80% of the medical costs of gunshot victims are born by the taxpayer. Why is the government paying hospital bills for the middle calss? They are not. THe fact is, over 80% of deaths due to guns is criminals killing each other. MOst shootings in this country are career criminals shooting it out. So, lets look at this another way.   According to the DOJ, career criminals cost us on average $753,000 per year, per criminal. Take the 13000 people who were killed the year that report was written, multiply by .8 and you get 10,400. Multiply THAT by $753,000, and you get 7,831,200,000. That is what we saved that year by doing away with those people. That doesn;t even include the 100,000 who were shot and only injured, and it desn't include the benifits for years to come (we save over 7 billion EVERY year thereafter becasue those same career criminals are gone).  "Rights come from one of two places. Either they are granted by God, or they are formed in agreement among people. Since God, although an important part of American society, has no official place in American government, our system of rights is based on an implicit social contract, one in which the general goal is to maximize freedom. Only when the American public comes to its senses and realizes that guns cost more than they are worth, will we all agree to limit one freedom, to provide us with another.  Our rights are pre-existing. They are endowed by our creator, or whatever you want to call it. The government does not have the power to grant, nor to limit rights. It as been argued (and there are several supreme court cses that seem to agree) that the rights in the bill of rights, since they pre-date the government, are not even open to ammendment. Limiting one freedom in order to secure another is fine. Limiting a right to obtain a percieved freedom is not acceptable.  Who was it that said "he who would trade liberty for security deserves neither" (paraphrase)?  "This is also known as the 'workability' argument, or by some, the 'I refuse to submit' argument. How can we possibly get people to 'give up their guns'? Well, as I indicated above, we can't, unless they are willing to. This is why I advocate explaining the costs of guns as much as possible, and fighting the gun lobby at every turn. Only when we convince gun owners that their guns are dangerous to the freedoms of others can we hope to succeed. If nobody buys the argument, and everybody wants guns, then all I can (and will) do is continue to attempt to persuade otherwise. But I believe that when looking at the problem honestly and evaluating the tremendous costs of guns to our freedoms, and their relatively minimal returns on such, we as a society will decide to maximize our freedoms by giving up the guns."   http://www.asahi-net.or.jp/~zj5j-gttl/freedom.htm  IF you want to explain the costs, you need better data. You also need to factor in that over a million times a year, guns prevent crimes.   Are you willing to make America freer by giving up your guns? Pro-gunners love to pay lip service to the idea of freedom, but are they willing to make the necessary sacrifice for the cause of freedom?  No, pro gunners like rights, you can have all the freedoms you want. We just want our rights, which will preserve your freedoms, as well as our own. WE can actually document, using real numbers and approved methds of research, our side of the arument. It is a shame that the anti gunners are so far out in la la land that they have to resort to junk methodology and creative numebrs in an attempt to make their point. IT is really a shame that the anti gunners live in such fear of their fellow man that everybody has to be a defenseless sheeple in orer for them to feel safe.
 Let's see now. We can, in my opinion, automatically discount many of these cost. The bulk of deaths from firearms is in the criminal world, so lost productivity is somewhat of a misnomer, however, that's common with you GGs, isn't it? That 17.4 billion, mostly from criminal activity, would of course not be a savings to the taxpayer, anyway, so, in effect, this becomes a another red herring, designed to snooker the American Public.   I am glad you caught this, I forgot to comment it. We are bemoaning the fact that our criminals are loosing productivity. It seems logical to assume that of the 17.4 billion, 13.9 billion is actually a gain, since 80% of those "productivity losses" are actually gains to the rest of siociety, so you end up with a net gain of 10.4 billion per year.   This is an angle that pro gunners haven't caught on to before. I think we could really make it work. Get a slogan like "Help the economy, buy a gun".
"Freedom, as those versed in even rudimentary political science know, comes in two variants, freedom 'from,' and freedom 'to.' Both of these are crucial in American society. We all want freedoms 'to' do things that benefit us, and we want freedoms from things that harm us."   Do you want to have more freedom by giving up your guns? We could have freedom from gun violence and freedom from high taxes that are caused by thousands of gun injuries each year.   "The cost of firearm injuries in the US in 1990 was an estimated $20.4 billion. This includes $1.4 billion for direct expenditures for health care and related goods, $1.6 billion in lost productivity resulting from injury-related disability, and $17.4 billion in lost productivity from premature death. (Max and Rice, 1993)....There you have it: costs of up to $20 billion, most of which is borne by the taxpayer, which limits our rights and freedoms. Hundreds of thousands of injuries, limiting the freedoms of those shot, and tens of thousands of deaths, completely halting those freedoms.    "Rights come from one of two places. Either they are granted by God, or they are formed in agreement among people. Since God, although an important part of American society, has no official place in American government, our system of rights is based on an implicit social contract, one in which the general goal is to maximize freedom. Only when the American public comes to its senses and realizes that guns cost more than they are worth, will we all agree to limit one freedom, to provide us with another.  "This is also known as the 'workability' argument, or by some, the 'I refuse to submit' argument. How can we possibly get people to 'give up their guns'? Well, as I indicated above, we can't, unless they are willing to. This is why I advocate explaining the costs of guns as much as possible, and fighting the gun lobby at every turn. Only when we convince gun owners that their guns are dangerous to the freedoms of others can we hope to succeed. If nobody buys the argument, and everybody wants guns, then all I can (and will) do is continue to attempt to persuade otherwise. But I believe that when looking at the problem honestly and evaluating the tremendous costs of guns to our freedoms, and their relatively minimal returns on such, we as a society will decide to maximize our freedoms by giving up the guns."   http://www.asahi-net.or.jp/~zj5j-gttl/freedom.htm  Are you willing to make America freer by giving up your guns? Pro-gunners love to pay lip service to the idea of freedom, but are they willing to make the necessary sacrifice for the cause of freedom?   Hey let's not get too far? How about Paul Finkleman? Do you or do you not agree with Paul Finkleman? He thinks it is OK to "cook data" in support for gun control. How about you?  Hey where is that website at? Dude you need to check your sources. First you source a guy who thinks it is OK to "cook data" then your sourcing another guy who by his own website, if I estimate correctly from his own bio, is about 30 years old and has had nothing but temporary and part time job his whole life.  Plus I don't recall any text in the 2nd Amendment that says, "shall be infringed if it becomes to expensive". Quite the contrary is says, "shall not be infringed". I take that to mean that the reasons in the thesis are NOT good enough to infringe the 2nd Amendment.  You know what? This guy is A-OK. " I would not pass whatever gun laws I pleased". Even this guy knows a gun free society will never happen in the USA. That is why Brady and other gun control groups need lies and slimy politicians to get thier way.  Plus here is his "rational" law: "A national system for registering guns and ammunition".  Guess what? The Supreme Court already decided that this is HIGHLY ILLEGAL. Here is a letter from the FBI regarding the LEGAL handling of data to register guns:  http://www.acslpa.org/register/NICS_FBI_Ltr.htm   So if you website gets it way, the author is going to be a support of civil rights violations and illegal activity.
Do you want to have more freedom by giving up your guns? We could have freedom from gun violence and freedom from high taxes that are caused by thousands of gun injuries each year.   VOR, can you explain how outlawing my legally owned guns would reduce the amount of gun violence? There is no reason that myself and others on this forum could not make guns at our homes. Firearms has been and can be again a cottage industry, or do you believe that the japans school kids who were producing military arms at the end of WWII have some ability that I would not?
Are you willing to make America freer by giving up your guns? Pro-gunners love to pay lip service to the idea of freedom, but are they willing to make the necessary sacrifice for the cause of freedom?  As I asked in another thread, "My main question in the gun control debate is this- Why do I have to feel unsafe, just so you can feel safe?  Is it really freedom if you have to give up something you strongly believe in? By your reasoning,wouldn't this country be better protected from terrorists if we had no fourth amendment and the Government could search anyone at any time and place? Wouldn't everyone have protection from having their feelings hurt if there was no first amendment? Come to whatever conclusions you want, just recognize that there are two sides (at least) to every issue. Guns have their benefits as well as their downsides. No one is well served if we can't examine the whole argument.
It would be nice to see the actual sources, or rather how crediable they are. Besides, justifiable homicides is someone who actually shot and killed the attacker. What about people should shot in defense and didn't kill their attacker, or just had to brandish the firearm in order to prevent a crime. Where are those numbers?  Also, the numbers on childeren are highly deceptive. What exactly is a child? The Brady bunch considers 19 year olds kids, despite the fact that they don't need a guardians signature and can make legally binding contracts. They are also old enough to buy their own firearms in most states. But the reason they include them in the numbers is to raise the death toll for 'children', because this is an age group when people get heavily into gang activity, drug dealing and the homocides involved with that.  Mind showing us the deaths for car and fire related deaths each year. Surely if firearm deaths weren't worse than these two areas, you would be fighting for better safety regulations in automobiles and speaking against matches/lighters, which are both privlage instead of trying to take away someone's civil liberties. Right?
You mention that the US leads the world in gun violence. Free societies often pay a price as a result of free people making bad decisions.  I would rather live in a country like ours where some people carry guns. If people who lived in Rawanda a few years back had a few guns, I believe they would have prevented thousands of murders and mutilations (inflicted by machetes, btw).
how many deaths were from legaly owned guns?
The entire system of laws had broken down! Laws are meaningless if they are not enforced. If the rule of law was suspended, might would make right. I would hope that in such a situation, people other than criminals would be armed with 'peacmakers.'
Reminds me of some certain Chinese people with AKs whose buildings didn't get broken into during the LA riots when police were nowhere around...
 In 1999, there were only 154 justifiable homicides by private citizens in the United States.[9]  For every time a gun is used in a home in a legally-justifiable shooting [note that every self-defense is legally justifiable] there are 22 criminal, unintentional, and suicide-related shootings.[15]   As a man wiser than myself once pointed out about the 3 kinds of lies, "there are lies, damn lies, and statistics." These statistics are very carefully crafted. As was pointed out by Rook, what about all of the private citizens who did not kill their attacker? What about those who successfully defended their lives and property without a shot fired? What about the number of times a criminal was justifiably killed by a police officer? That number is left out. Statistics also show that citizens are less likely than police to shoot a person who is not a threat (i.e. mistake that cellphone for a gun.) What about every time a gun is used outside of the home? Again what about the times a shot is never fired? How many of these shootings are actually attributed to criminal misuse, and how many belong to the suicide category? These statistics are not necessarily wrong, just incomplete. All of these numbers have been organized to further a specific point of view.   My point is, you can quote John Lott, or Sarah Brady all you want, but I still insist that until you agree to see the benefits of firearms as well as the damage they do, you will always have a flawed view of the subject.
It is misleading to quote costs from gun injuries. The vast majority of unjuries are intentional shootings or attempted suicides, so to get at the real costs you would have to subtract out the costs that would have been generated by knives and nooses, etc. had there been no guns, and you would have to subtract out the economic gains that come from guns scaring off criminals hundreds of thousands of times each year. In addition, you have to subtract out the economic gains that come from the target-shooting and hunting industries that service about 100 million Americans. There is so much subtracting going on here, I think we can conclude that guns (at least in the hands of law-abiding people) lower the tax burden and thus INCREASE freedom.
"Guns in the United States - Easy Access to Deadly Weapons  There are approximately 192 million privately owned firearms in the U.S. - 65 million of which are handguns.[1]  Currently, an estimated 39% of households have a gun, while 24% have a handgun.[2]  In 1998 alone, licensed firearms dealers sold an estimated 4.4 million guns, 1.7 million of which were handguns.[3] Additionally, it is estimated that 1 to 3 million guns change hands in the secondary market each year, and many of these sales are not regulated.[4]  Gun Deaths and Injury - The United States Leads the World in Firearm Violence  In 1998, 30,708 people in the United States died from firearm-related deaths - 12,102 (39%) of those were murdered; 17,424 (57%) were suicides; 866 (3%) were accidents; and in 316 (1%) the intent was unknown.[5] In comparison, 33,651 Americans were killed in the Korean War and 58,193 Americans were killed in the Vietnam War.[6]  For every firearm fatality in the United States, there are two non-fatal firearm injuries.[7]  In 1996, handguns were used to murder 2 people in New Zealand, 15 in Japan, 30 in Great Britain, 106 in Canada and 9,390 in the United States.[8]  In 1999, there were only 154 justifiable homicides by private citizens in the United States.[9]  Gun Violence - Young Lives Cut Short  In 1998, more than 10 children and teenagers, ages 19 and under, were killed with guns everyday.[10]  In 1998, gunshot wounds were the second leading cause of injury death for men and women 10-24 years of age - second only to motor vehicle crashes.[11]  In 1998, firearm homicide was the leading cause of death for black males ages 15-34.[12]  From 1993 through 1997, an average of 1,409 children and teenagers took their own lives with guns each year.[13]  Each year during 1993 through 1997, an average of 1,621 murderers who had not reached their 18th birthdays took someone's life with a gun.[14]  Guns in the Home - A Greater Risk to Family and Friends  For every time a gun is used in a home in a legally-justifiable shooting [note that every self-defense is legally justifiable] there are 22 criminal, unintentional, and suicide-related shootings.[15]  The presence of a gun in the home triples the risk of homicide in the home.[16]  The presence of a gun in the home increases the risk of suicide fivefold.[17]  The Economic Costs of Gun Violence - All Americans Pay a High Price  A study of all direct and indirect costs of gun violence including medical, lost wages, and security costs estimates that gun violence costs the nation $100 billion a year.[18]  The average total cost of one gun crime can be as high as $1.79 million, including medical treatment and the prosecution and imprisonment of the shooter.[19]  At least 80 percent of the economic costs of treating firearm injuries are paid for by taxpayer dollars.[20,21]" http://www.bradycampaign.org/facts/factsheets/?page=firefacts  Children are killed with guns each day, not just criminals. 80% of the medical costs of treating gun injuries are paid for by taxpayers. Guns mean higher taxes. And there are only 154 justifiable homicides out of tens of thousands of gun deaths each year. That's not what I call freedom.  Hey your citing the Brady. Do you know what Brady has to say about the Brady Bill?  Something about "safer streets"? http://www.nrablacklist.com/  What does the CDC have to say about Brady and other gun laws?   "Centers for Disease Control (CDC) committee has reported that it cannot find any evidence that gun-control laws reduce violent crime" - http://www.nationalreview.com/comment/wheeler200310220911.asp  So then there can only be two possible cases. 1) Brady is wrong and CDC is right or 2) CDC is right and Brady is wrong.  How many children? Do you know. It might help if you can put a figure on it.  And again. There is nothing in the 2nd Amendment about limiting gun ownership if it gets to expensive.  How about your buddy? The lawyer who thinks it is OK to "cook data" as long as you get what your after?
i think VOR has checked out of the discuition, again.
I think VOR is a true believer in faulty system of beliefs.  He/she finds something they really believe supports their view, they C&P it here thinkg "HA, that will show them" then they are dismayed when it gets shredded. So they leave, and are silent for a while, until they fnd something else that they believe supports the viewpoint, at which point they once again go "HA, this will show them".  I have known such people before and, depending on their capacity for self deception, often the time will come when they realise their position is indefensible and they will convert.   Personally, I kind of like it. It keeps us pro gunners sharp. I kind of wish there were more anti gunners here for us to beat up on.
I think VOR is a true believer in faulty system of beliefs.  He/she finds something they really believe supports their view, they C&P it here thinkg "HA, that will show them" then they are dismayed when it gets shredded. So they leave, and are silent for a while, until they fnd something else that they believe supports the viewpoint, at which point they once again go "HA, this will show them".  I have known such people before and, depending on their capacity for self deception, often the time will come when they realise their position is indefensible and they will convert.   Personally, I kind of like it. It keeps us pro gunners sharp. I kind of wish there were more anti gunners here for us to beat up on.   Well, geez, I wasn't trying to chase anyone off. Hell, I just wanted an even handed discussion. How about this:  Q: What are the real numbers on the use of firearms for self-defense?  A: According to the US Department of Justice:  On average per year in 1987-92, about 62,200 victims of violent crime, about 1% of all victims of violence, used a firearm to defend themselves. Another 20,300 used a firearm to defend their property during a theft, household burglary, or motor vehicle theft.  I got that from http://www.bradycampaign.org/facts/faqs/?page=ccwfaq  It's on the low end of the "defensive gun uses per year" debate that goes on, but it still indicates that guns helped to defend people during the course of 82,500 violent and property crimes.  VOR, are you still there?
Why do you think the Bradys have that on their website?   Most likely becasue that was the last year the DOJ attempted to compile such a figure. It was only after the FBI (much to the embaressment of the DOJ) issued a report the same week showing the # of times a weapon is used in defense was well over 1.6 million, that the DOJ decided they would not attempt to run seperate figures. The big difference btwn the DOJ numbers and the FBI numbers was that the DOJ didn't count defensive gun uses unless somebody was shot. The FBI, on the other hand, counted all instances they coud find involving somebody using a firearm defensively. They then used some method (honestly, I don't remember what it was, but I remember Reno admitting it was legitimate) to estimate the number of people who used a weapon defensively but did not report the encounter.  This was 1994, and it was the first time Reno came under serious attack for lying to the public. It was on the news for over a month (battle between the FBI and justice department over crime statistics).   The Federal Bureau of Investigation reported an additional 13,200 handgun homicides during the same year, a 24 percent increase over the five-year average." http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/pub/press/hvfsdaft.pr Almost a million crimes commited with guns (and that's just handguns) and less than 100,000 guns used in self defense.  Again, this was regarding 1992, when crime in America was at its peak. crime has been declining pretty steadily since then (oddly enough, gun ownership has been increaseing). Also, the FBI did not report those numbers, the DOJ did.   It seems that this year, violent crime is down 3.2 percent, yet by all accounts gun ownership is actually up almost 6%.  There is a more recent article about crime related gun use at http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/pub/pdf/fidc9397.pdf One thing I find interesting is that, according to that report, of all the gun deaths between 1993 and 1997 (180,533), 51% were suicides, not homicides.  They still don't attempt to calculate the number of defensive uses of weapons, since this is difficult to impossible to do (as Reno graciously proved for us in the early 90's).
Why do you think the Bradys have that on their website? They know that guns are used much more often to commit crimes than in self defense. From that same US Department of Justice report: "Handguns were used in an estimated 917,500 non-fatal crimes, almost 50 percent more than the average for the previous five years. The Federal Bureau of Investigation reported an additional 13,200 handgun homicides during the same year, a 24 percent increase over the five-year average." http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/pub/press/hvfsdaft.pr Almost a million crimes commited with guns (and that's just handguns) and less than 100,000 guns used in self defense.  Sir. I am sorry, but I don't think the 2nd Amendment will allow you to take guns if crime gets to be too high. Quite contrary it says something to the effect of shall not be infringed, not infrigned for a good reason.
 There is a more recent article about crime related gun use at http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/pub/pdf/fidc9397.pdf One thing I find interesting is that, according to that report, of all the gun deaths between 1993 and 1997 (180,533), 51% were suicides, not homicides.   I find it interesting too, that even if 100% of all private guns were banned, there will still be a lot of people not helped by the ban, and still dead. Not unless someone can prove gun bans are a cure for depression and mental illness.
The FBI never issued such a report. And the USDOJ still keeps track of how often weapons are used in self defense in the National Crime Victim Survey.  Uh, yes, they did. it was quite the scandal at the time. The report was actually regarding illegal weapons sales in the Us (they were trying to make some point about arming the drug trade if I remmeber correctly).  The NCVS does not ask about whether or not a gun was used, and the DOJ no longer prepares a report ont ehse numbers (unless they have started again...I haven't paid much attention since the NCVS has not proven to be accurate in this). If you want some surveys about this percise subject, you can take a look at:  http://www.guncite.com/gcdgklec.html  Yes, it is hosted on guncite, which is a pro gun web site. It is Klecks report, which to the best of my knowledge has never been discredited for its methedology, though I know the AG's have tried, since it is pretty damaging to their movement.
Are you trying to confuse me? You make some claim about an FBI report (which I don't believe exists), and then provide a link to some study done by Kleck who is not the FBI. The NCVS surveyed over 90,000 people to reach their results. Kleck only surveyed about 5,000 people.   Nope, not trying to confuse you. Just pointing you towards some other surveys. I will conced the point on the FBI survey, not because I am wrong but because I don't recall the details well enough to dig it up again (it was 10 yrs ago).   "Based on data from the National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS), approximately 65,000 victims use guns against offenders each year. This is the most accurate number available, as it comes from a reputable source that surveyed 90,560 persons in over 50,000 households in 1994. Survey participants are interviewed every six months for three years. In addition, the methodology used makes the NCVS the most credible tool in assessing defensive gun uses in this country. For example, the NCVS factors out self-defense uses against animals and by military or law enforcement officers, etc. - a factor which other surveys may not.    This is the same 1994 report. The NCVS does not ask this question any more. Respondants CAN share that infromation without being asked.   More recent data regarding this subject from the NCVS are compiled by individuals who sort through and find the people who volunteer this information without being asked.  "It is important to note that in some defensive gun use surveys, a respondent's action of threatening the 'perpetrator' may be construed as an aggressive or conflict-escalating action by the 'perpetrator.' The person being threatened may not have done anything which warranted being threatened with a weapon and that the 'victim' may end up turning an argument into a violent confrontation by bringing a gun into the situation.    I believe that if you check any of the contemporary studies on the subject, you will find that not only do they adjust for this, but they ask a number of followup questions in order to weed these cases out. They also adjust for the number of LE uses, defense against animals, etc....   "The Myth of 2.5 Million Defensive Gun Uses  "To obtain the 'estimate' for defensive gun uses, Kleck and Gertz surveyed 5,000 dwelling units. Slightly over one percent of individuals reported that they themselves had used a gun in self-defense during the past year. The methodological problems related to the survey are numerous. Also, this method of surveying has been recognized as invalid for research purposes since the mid 1970's. See below for more on the methodological problems of Kleck's research." http://www.moregunsmorecrime.com/generalDGU.htm So his study has been discredited.  I don't think so. I took 3 semesters of statistics, and a sampling of 5000 household is HUGE when doing statistical research. Generally 600-1600 is more the norm. I am not sure who exactly recognised this as invalid (besides the author of this paper) but generally any time you see a "national survey", they are polling a LOT less than 5000 households.  Here is a link to Lotts response to Vernicks comments (the majority of the page you linked is based on Vernicks criticisms).  http://www.rkba.org/research/kleck/md-rebuttal.3sep95  Here is lotts response to Hemenways criticism (what didn't come from Vernick in that article pretty much came from Hemenway).  http://www.saf.org/LawReviews/KleckAndGertz2.htm  Even respected anti gun researchers (those not yet convicted of academic fraud and fired from their jobs) such as Cook, Mcdowall, Mark Moore, etc... Have quite trying to use the NCVS to support their claims.   This is the difference between using academic researchers to prove a point and using web sites like moregunsmorecrime.com which, while interesting, is obviously NOT compiled by academics. The benifit to relying on academic research is that they recieve peer review, much to the dismay of folks like bellesiles.   While it has been proven countless times that it is possible for academics to skew their results, with a web page written by an anonymous person, there is nothign to stop them from puttng up blantent lies and misquotes.
Why do you think the Bradys have that on their website? They know that guns are used much more often to commit crimes than in self defense. From that same US Department of Justice report: "Handguns were used in an estimated 917,500 non-fatal crimes, almost 50 percent more than the average for the previous five years. The Federal Bureau of Investigation reported an additional 13,200 handgun homicides during the same year, a 24 percent increase over the five-year average." http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/pub/press/hvfsdaft.pr Almost a million crimes commited with guns (and that's just handguns) and less than 100,000 guns used in self defense.  VOR, for starters, my statistics were from 1987-1992. Yours were from 1994. In addition to not corresponding to the years I referred to, your numbers self admit that they rose after the period mine referred to. Additionally, my Brady numbers are on the very low end of the estimated defensive gun uses annually. Just think, it's quite reasonable to expect that guns were used defensively more than they were used criminally. Because really "if it saves a few lives, it's worth it." Unless of course it contradicts someone's closed minded point of view.
Just think it's quite reasonable to expect that guns are used more often criminally than they are used defensively. Unless it contradicts someone's close minded point of view.  wouldn't that mean that you should go after the ILLEGAL guns and leve my guns (that are locked up) alone?
The statistics are from 1992 not 1994 as you claim. True it does say that handguns were used in almost 50% more crimes in 1992 than in the average of the previous five years. But that would mean that handguns were used in atleast 600,000 crimes during the average of the previous five years which is much more often than they are used defensively. Just think it's quite reasonable to expect that guns are used more often criminally than they are used defensively. Unless it contradicts someone's close minded point of view.  Dude. If your looking for a criminal reason to ban guns, take guns, register guns, or control guns; forget it. Your not fooling me. Your guessing on the effects of guns and crime:  "American gun owners spent most of the 1990s telling the CDC that gun control is ineffective at best and harmful at worst. So it's gratifying that the lesson is finally sinking in." - http://www.nationalreview.com/comment/wheeler200310220911.asp   All that you just stated is a guess especially after "just think...". It is not reasonable, especially without proof and with your previous history of really bad logic.
I think VOR is a true believer in faulty system of beliefs.  He/she finds something they really believe supports their view, they C&P it here thinkg "HA, that will show them" then they are dismayed when it gets shredded. So they leave, and are silent for a while, until they fnd something else that they believe supports the viewpoint, at which point they once again go "HA, this will show them".  I have known such people before and, depending on their capacity for self deception, often the time will come when they realise their position is indefensible and they will convert.   Personally, I kind of like it. It keeps us pro gunners sharp. I kind of wish there were more anti gunners here for us to beat up on.  Liberals make good snacks. They're well-marbled with no backbone, very little guts and almost no brain that has to be removed. emoticon_xgood emoticon_rolleyes
Greetings:  You said << Banning guns means more freedom  Terral's reply << The first line of defense for this great country is the armed forces. The second line of defense in this country is the state militias. The third line of defense is you and me. A gun never killed anyone; people do. A murderer can kill you just as fast with his bare hands. Suppose the 200 million man Chinese army decides to rush us. How free will we be then without guns? The fact that we are armed is our greatest defense. People like you are trying to set us up for a fall. Take our guns? Yea right,  From my cold dead hands,  Terral
The second line of defense in this country is the state militias. The third line of defense is you and me.   if you are male, 17 to 45 years old, you are the militia.
This is so inane I dont know where to start.  Firstly - If there existed an armed forces capable of destroying the US military, then an armed civilian population would be absolutely no barrier to them.  Secondly - There is no single nation on earth that can move 200,000,000 men.  Thirdly - How exactly do you propose China get its men to the USA? Are they going to use their secrect commie teleporting machines? There is no chance for them to cross the oceans, or deploy either north or south of the USA.  Yes that is a problem. But there is an instance when the 2nd Amendment did protect the USA from invaders:  "Someone at the table asked a Japanese admiral why, with the Pacific Fleet devastated at Pearl Harbor and the mainland US forces in what Japan had to know was a pathetic state of unreadiness, Japan had not simply invaded the West Coast" - http://www.backwoodshome.com/articles2/ayoob70.html  If it wasn't for the 2nd Amendment you would be speaking Japanese if you live on the West coast, German if you live on the East coast.
if you are male, 17 to 45 years old, you are the militia.  This is not limited to males, it is now meant for citizens, which means women as well.
This is not limited to males, it is now meant for citizens, which means women as well.  did they change the law recently? here is the text of who is in the militia  Section 311. Militia: composition and classes   (a) The militia of the United States consists of all able-bodied males at least 17 years of age and, except as provided in section 313 of title 32, under 45 years of age who are, or who have made a declaration of intention to become, citizens of the United States and of female citizens of the United States who are members of the National Guard. (b) The classes of the militia are - (1) the organized militia, which consists of the National Guard and the Naval Militia; and (2) the unorganized militia, which consists of the members of the militia who are not members of the National Guard or the Naval Militia.  per http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/scripts/ts_search.pl?title=10&sec=311
"Freedom, as those versed in even rudimentary political science know, comes in two variants, freedom 'from,' and freedom 'to.' Both of these are crucial in American society. We all want freedoms 'to' do things that benefit us, and we want freedoms from things that harm us."   Do you want to have more freedom by giving up your guns? We could have freedom from gun violence and freedom from high taxes that are caused by thousands of gun injuries each year.   "The cost of firearm injuries in the US in 1990 was an estimated $20.4 billion. This includes $1.4 billion for direct expenditures for health care and related goods, $1.6 billion in lost productivity resulting from injury-related disability, and $17.4 billion in lost productivity from premature death. (Max and Rice, 1993)....There you have it: costs of up to $20 billion, most of which is borne by the taxpayer, which limits our rights and freedoms. Hundreds of thousands of injuries, limiting the freedoms of those shot, and tens of thousands of deaths, completely halting those freedoms.    "Rights come from one of two places. Either they are granted by God, or they are formed in agreement among people. Since God, although an important part of American society, has no official place in American government, our system of rights is based on an implicit social contract, one in which the general goal is to maximize freedom. Only when the American public comes to its senses and realizes that guns cost more than they are worth, will we all agree to limit one freedom, to provide us with another.  "This is also known as the 'workability' argument, or by some, the 'I refuse to submit' argument. How can we possibly get people to 'give up their guns'? Well, as I indicated above, we can't, unless they are willing to. This is why I advocate explaining the costs of guns as much as possible, and fighting the gun lobby at every turn. Only when we convince gun owners that their guns are dangerous to the freedoms of others can we hope to succeed. If nobody buys the argument, and everybody wants guns, then all I can (and will) do is continue to attempt to persuade otherwise. But I believe that when looking at the problem honestly and evaluating the tremendous costs of guns to our freedoms, and their relatively minimal returns on such, we as a society will decide to maximize our freedoms by giving up the guns."   http://www.asahi-net.or.jp/~zj5j-gttl/freedom.htm  Are you willing to make America freer by giving up your guns? Pro-gunners love to pay lip service to the idea of freedom, but are they willing to make the necessary sacrifice for the cause of freedom? The first loss of freedom is not the gun itself but the loss of the right to use the gun. The American way of life was based upon the right to kill those that offend. Our Bill of Rights was intended only to limit the powers of government in regard to the people. At the time of the founding of this nation it was perfectly legal to force others into a duel or even dip them in tar and ride them out of town on a rail simply for uttering an unpopular opinion or belief. A person cursing in public or staggering drunk might be gunned down with impunity for the shooter. In Shakespeare's day it wasn't unusual for an actor having to defend himself with a sword on stage as any patron who disliked the acting was likely to attack with sword. Knights who hacked down waiters for poor service were only given trivial fines. The American tradition was actually built upon the notion that violence was acceptable and a useful social tool.
That statement was really just rhetoric on part of the Admiral in question. The Japanese plans never included an invasion of the USA. Such a move would have over-stretched their resources with disastrous results, and their commanders knew it. An armed population, for the Japanese army, would have been next to no problem at all, in practical terms.  Would you care to explain how the Russians were beaten in Afghanistan? They were facing the local population, which the army would have destroyed in a set battle. The same is true of the US in &#8216;nam. There are also problems today in Iraq. If you know of a way of pacifying an armed population, please call the pentagon, they need to know.  The reality of an invasion is that the local people know the area, all hiding spots, and are defending there home and family. The invaders are far from home, and more concerned about keeping alive.
Would you care to explain how the Russians were beaten in Afghanistan? They were facing the local population, which the army would have destroyed in a set battle. The same is true of the US in 'nam. There are also problems today in Iraq. If you know of a way of pacifying an armed population, please call the pentagon, they need to know.  The reality of an invasion is that the local people know the area, all hiding spots, and are defending there home and family. The invaders are far from home, and more concerned about keeping alive.  The Romans had an easy solution, decimation. But the question is what do you do afterwards? In a world in which every military action has the potential for making te 6:00 news, war is more PR and less tactics. We know how to win in Iraq...but what cost are we willing to bear is the question? Is 5% collateral damage acceptable? 10%?  Vietnam could have been over in a matter of a couple of years had the US been determined to win at all costs. We would have taken the ground war to North Vietnam after carpet bombing them into the Stone Age.
The Romans had an easy solution, decimation. But the question is what do you do afterwards? In a world in which every military action has the potential for making te 6:00 news, war is more PR and less tactics. We know how to win in Iraq...but what cost are we willing to bear is the question? Is 5% collateral damage acceptable? 10%?  The situation in Rome was a lot differnt than the modern world. in order to have any hope of beating the Roman army, you had to be able to field a massive, organised force. It was hand to hand combat against well trained and well equiped troops.  Today, you do not need a massive, organised force. A handful of insrugents is more than capable of harassing a well armed and well trained military. A collection fo these small groups is more than capable of defeating that same military.  Even in the case of the Romans, such practices as decimation eventually led to their downfall. When Atilla marched on rome, he started with less than 2000 men. He picked up hundreds of thousands on the way through, people dissatisfied with the Roamsn policies.  We have no idea how to win Iraq. Every time we engage in policies that allow for civilian deaths, we create more insurgents. We cannot simply carpet bomb the entire place, because that would be entirely out of line with our objectives (as would the complete destruction of vietnam).
The situation in Rome was a lot differnt than the modern world. in order to have any hope of beating the Roman army, you had to be able to field a massive, organised force. It was hand to hand combat against well trained and well equiped troops.  Today, you do not need a massive, organised force. A handful of insrugents is more than capable of harassing a well armed and well trained military. A collection fo these small groups is more than capable of defeating that same military.  Like I said, it can be easily done if you're willing to accept serious collateral damage. Take Fallujah. We could bomb it and take out Sadr in an instance, but is the cost of that worth the effort? IMO, we haven't gotten that serious about winning at all costs, nor should we.   Even in the case of the Romans, such practices as decimation eventually led to their downfall. When Atilla marched on rome, he started with less than 2000 men. He picked up hundreds of thousands on the way through, people dissatisfied with the Roamsn policies.  And Atilla's army of as many as 1/2 million men was beaten and forced into retreat by the Romans and Visigoths in 451AD. A year later, he was forced to make peace after devastating the Roman countryside...but NOT Rome itself. He died a year later in 453AD.  We have no idea how to win Iraq. Every time we engage in policies that allow for civilian deaths, we create more insurgents. We cannot simply carpet bomb the entire place, because that would be entirely out of line with our objectives (as would the complete destruction of vietnam).  Agreed. But saying that "we can't" is different from "we shouldn't". We have the ability, just not the will to do so......which is a good thing, IMO.
Like I said, it can be easily done if you're willing to accept serious collateral damage. Take Fallujah. We could bomb it and take out Sadr in an instance, but is the cost of that worth the effort? IMO, we haven't gotten that serious about winning at all costs, nor should we.   Al Sadar is not in fallujah. Al sadar is a shia, they are down south.  Within 2 weeks of doing somethng like that, I seriously doubt there would be an American serviceman left alive in all of Iraq as the result of the entire indigenous population turning against the US. I also would think we could expect terrorist attacks on an unprecendented scale, most likely done by terrorists operating with some pretty seriousl international support. America would not last a year after such an act.   And Atilla's army of as many as 1/2 million men was beaten and forced into retreat by the Romans and Visigoths in 451AD. A year later, he was forced to make peace after devastating the Roman countryside...but NOT Rome itself. He died a year later in 453AD.  Attila was bribed not to sack rome. Even though his army was eventually driven back, it was still the beginning of the end for the romans. After that, they were no longer able to control their empire.  Agreed. But saying that "we can't" is different from "we shouldn't". We have the ability, just not the will to do so......which is a good thing, IMO.  Ypu are rigth, we CAN do it, but it would almost certainly lead to our ultimate defeat. We do not have a big enough military to take any but the smallest nation if their entire population is against us.
I saw Bowling for Columbine. It was excellent. It showed how many Americans have this idea that problems are solved with violence. That's the way that problems are often dealt with domestically and overseas. That's why America drops so many bombs on people in foreign nations and kills them. They interviewed some Canadians in the film and the Canadians says that they like to negotiate and work things out. That's the way they solve problems- not through violence and killing people. I think this is very relevant to the gun culture in America. Those in the gun culture tend to have the attitude that problems can be solved with violence- thus the necessity of owning an instrument of death and destruction. I remember that Michael Moore went into the house of one gun owner and the gun owner showed him the loaded gun that he slept with under his pillow. I think that's dangerous and totally stupid to sleep with a gun under your pillow. The film also examined famous people from the gun culture like Terry Nichols and Timothy McVeigh. Moore also accomplished some good things. He went to K-mart with some victims of Columbine and convinced K-mart to stop selling handgun ammunition.  Hey notice the two different suits Heston is wearing in his supposed Denver speach? Do you suppose if I use the same editing techniques I can use Moore's speeches, edit them, and get him to say "Fu** the poor"?  I don't have the "attitude that problems can be solved with violence". When I'm on the rifle range with an asault weapon, I have to concentrate, meditate, and control my body with extreme discipline. There is nothing on my mind except meditation and relaxation. If I'm thinking of anything else I don't score points. Your entitled to your opinion and how you choose to sleep. When your opinion and your actions affect what is happening in my bedroom, then your violating my rights, and YOU need to be controlled. Please explain how I violate another person rights with a gun under my pillow? If you don't want to be shot, then stay out of my bedroom while I'm sleeping, you don't belong there. So I don't understand your justification to restrict my behavior in my bedroom. Although it is quite clear to me if you get your way, YOU need to be restricted.
Michael Moore's work treads a fine line between documentary journalism and commercial film making. The sensationalist way in which he tackles the subject matter is possibly undermining any social message he is trying to get across.  I agree. I wouldn't have minded Bowling so much if he had either made a documentary or made a commercial film. In the end, the message wasn't that bad. For all intenst and purposes he said exactly what the pr-gunners have been saying for years, which is that guns don't kill, people kill.   Now, he took a kind of roundabout means of getting there, but that was more or less the conclusion of the film. Our society is a messed up place and people are scared. I am not sure that he is right that they have no reason to be (just look at our crime statistics).  Watching the film, it almost looks like he set out to make one movie then ended up making another. The first 2/3 of the film certainly seemed like the message was "guns are evil". It wasn't until the end that you come to the revelation that his message is not "guns are evil".   The sensationalist methods he used in the film, IMHO, pretty much strike it from the "documentary" list.
I didn't say your violating other people's rights. I just said it's stupid.  Since last summer, there have been two killings next to my home. One less than 100 ft from my front door. The other a couple of hundred yards away. Within 10 miles there is a serial gang of home invaders. Averaging about 1 invasion every 2 weeks. They have stopped for now, but who knows, they haven't been caught. In 7 years I have had to defend agains 2 car jackings. One in my drive way, another on a city street that was stopped as I reached for the glove box. Just the act of reaching for the glove box changed the situtation. I never got to the point of a threat? So was it a car jacking? Who knows maybe it wasn't. The last place I lived, the police station was 100 yards away. The day 30+ cars were vandalized, the next month I moved away. I now live in gated community with a guard. It is some measure of saftey. Hey do you really think a security guard is going lay down his life to save mine? Even with the guard and gate, the dead bodies are just outside the gate.  I say your analysis of my sitution is stupid. Just like prejudice it is based on a lack of information. Even tough it is still your right to an opinion, stupid or not. You say it is stupid? By what measure?   I say your stupid because you don't have all the facts.
Don't count on them being caught any time soon. with a nationwide conviction average of less than 1 in five, the odds are with the criminals. Kepp 'em close and keep 'em loaded.
thanks to the media   You hit the nail on the head there. Go to a shooting range or gun shop some time, and ask who of them is willing to pull their gun and start shooting at the slightest provocation. If someone is stealing my car, I am not going to shoot them over it. Even if I had the loaded gun in my hand. If someone is threating em or someone else, they are getting at least one wherever i find it convenient. Maybe if the media would stop bothering everyone with how dangerous assualt weapons are, people could learn the facts. Again, go into any guns hop. Ask which is deadlier, a .223 fired out of an 'Assault weapon' or the Garand chambered in .30-06 sitting next to it.
Crime, whether violent or not, occurs for a multitude of reasons. Petty emotions like envy, greed, anger, hatred, and revenge are often present. In my experience, however, drugs and/or alcohol are present in about 85% of crime [from dealing drugs; enforcing drug debts; robberies, burglaries and larcenies to take property to trade for drugs; crimes committed by those under the influence; etc.]  While the motivation to commit crimes can vary widely from individual to individual, there are always three deterrent factors which any person who is thinking about committing a crime considers:  1. What is the likelihood that I (or, to a lesser extent, my friend and co-defendant) will suffer a serious injury as a result of attempting the crime? 2. What is the likelihood that I will be caught and charged with committing the crime? 3. What is the likelihood that I will suffer a punishment which I am unwilling to accept if I am caught and found guilty of the crime?  I don't keep a gun under my pillow, because I have young children and do not believe that it would be a safe method of storage for my family. I do, however, advertise deterrent factor #1 as much as I can by making it no secret that I have immediate access to a firearm in the event of a home invasion. I am by nature a very easygoing person, and I am not tense, jumpy, and paranoid. I have, however, been witness to the frequency and the effect of violent crime, and have had my life threatened by some whom I have come across in my work.  ------------------------------------------ "False is the idea of utility that sacrifices a thousand real advantages for one imaginary or trifling inconvenience; that would take fire from men because it burns, and water because one may drown in it; that has no remedy for evils, except destruction. The laws that forbid the carrying of arms are laws of such a nature. They disarm only those who are neither inclined nor determined to commit crimes. Can it be supposed that those who have the courage to violate the most sacred laws of humanity, the most important of the code, will respect the less important and arbitrary ones, which can be violated with ease and impunity, and which, if strictly obeyed, would put and end to personal liberty--so dear to men, so dear to the enlightened legislator--and subject innocent persons to all the vexations that the guilty alone ought to suffer? Such laws make things worse for the assaulted and better for the assailants; they serve rather to encourage than to prevent homicides, for an unarmed man may be attacked with greater confidence than an armed man. The ought to be designated as laws not preventative but fearful of crimes, produced by the tumultuous impression of a few isolated facts, and not by thoughtful consideration of the inconveniences and advantages of a universal decree."--Thomas Jefferson, Commonplace Book, 1774-1776, quoting with approval 18th century criminologist Cesare Beccaria from his work, On Crimes and Punishment, 1764.
I saw Bowling for Columbine. It was excellent. It showed how many Americans have this idea that problems are solved with violence. That's the way that problems are often dealt with domestically and overseas. That's why America drops so many bombs on people in foreign nations and kills them. They interviewed some Canadians in the film and the Canadians says that they like to negotiate and work things out. That's the way they solve problems- not through violence and killing people. I think this is very relevant to the gun culture in America. Those in the gun culture tend to have the attitude that problems can be solved with violence- thus the necessity of owning an instrument of death and destruction. I remember that Michael Moore went into the house of one gun owner and the gun owner showed him the loaded gun that he slept with under his pillow. I think that's dangerous and totally stupid to sleep with a gun under your pillow. The film also examined famous people from the gun culture like Terry Nichols and Timothy McVeigh. Moore also accomplished some good things. He went to K-mart with some victims of Columbine and convinced K-mart to stop selling handgun ammunition.     And you do not have an agenda...    oh and we should be more like the Canadiens? Why doesn't Canada fund a militrary? And what do they do with that 80% tax rate...   obnoxious......
great movie, i really loved the cartoon, i never knew that the NRA and other gun organizations by association were just extensions of the KKK. there was no ulterior motive to show the gun owner as racist was there?
Can't say that I saw it. They wanted us to watch it in college. I said I don't believe in watching lies, and that I wouldn't watch it.   I've heard a lot of things about it. I hear a lot of sheeple say it was good, but they don't have the truth to compare it too. I read a list of supposed facts that he presented in the movie (i keep calling it a movie, because it was as hollywood as Armageddon.)   I should probably note that I am a certified Montana Hunter Safety Instructor, and an avid outdoorsman. I won't send money to the NRA, I don't support any lobbying groups...
cool....  I think...   I like helena, they have nice golf courses...   the governor lives there, they ought to have nice golf courses...
I recently sat through it again. I believe Mr. Moore clearly made the point that even though Canada has plenty of guns they don't seem to shoot each other with the regularity of Americans.
Well, it is largely the fault of the news media in America.  Somehow they don't feel like they've done their job until they've induced some kind of emotion in the viewer. An easy emotion to induce is fear. It's rather difficult to do this without sensationalism. Actually, it's quite easy to do so by way of sensationalism. I didn't see the movie, but if it really is about the media's resposibility for Americans' being afraid of each other and paranoid, I agree completely.  That doesn't necessarily mean that this paranoia is unwarranted or that it causes all violence.
I recently sat through it again. I believe Mr. Moore clearly made the point that even though Canada has plenty of guns they don't seem to shoot each other with the regularity of Americans.  Although you may have picked up this message, I don't think that was the main message of the movie. Nor do I think that Moore even cares that people notice the lesson to be gained from the Canadians. As a good Nazi once said, good propaganda has some truth with the lies, but it is important to tell the BIG lie as your message. My .$02.
Although you may have picked up this message, I don't think that was the main message of the movie. Nor do I think that Moore even cares that people notice the lesson to be gained from the Canadians. As a good Nazi once said, good propaganda has some truth with the lies, but it is important to tell the BIG lie as your message. My .$02.  My take on the "main message" is that there are great profits to be made on fear.
you are claiming moore is lying without citing the lies. you are also saying that sinjin's observation is not the main message, but you fail to show what the real main message is. if you think its propoganda, indicate to what end is the propoganda for, dont just say that its propoganda. please indicate moore's BIG lie, if you dont mind   Lies Cited     How many times do you have to be beaten about the head with the truth!
Hi Rev,  I read the portion of your link pertaining to Mr. Moore's assertions concerning the US media and their contributions to a "climate of fear" and find the writers "problem" with Mr. Moore's reasoning rather insubstantial. While violent video games and movies might not engender violence in society(which I agree with btw), fear-mongering news broadcasts present a form of propoganda that may not produce more violence in society either but give an exaggerated impression of the threat level. Who would this benefit?
Hi Rev,  I read the portion of your link pertaining to Mr. Moore's assertions concerning the US media and their contributions to a "climate of fear" and find the writers "problem" with Mr. Moore's reasoning rather insubstantial. While violent video games and movies might not engender violence in society(which I agree with btw), fear-mongering news broadcasts present a form of propoganda that may not produce more violence in society either but give an exaggerated impression of the threat level. Who would this benefit?    "9. Fear. Bowling probably has a good point when it suggests that the media feeds off fear in a search for the fast buck. For an interesting analysis of this, showing how crime news skyrocketed (largely displacing international coverage) even as crime fell, click here.  Bowling cites some examples: the razor blades in Halloween apples scare, the flesh-eating bacteria scare, etc. The examples are taken straight from Barry Glassner's excellent book on the subject, "The Culture of Fear," and Moore interviews Glassner on-camera for the point.  Then Moore does exactly what he condemns in the media.  Given the prominence of schoolyard killings as a theme in Bowling for Columbine, Moore must have asked Glassner about that subject. Whatever Glassner said is, however, left on the cutting-room floor. That's because Glassner lists schoolyard shootings as one of the mythical fears. He points out that "More than three times as many people are killed by lightning as by violence at schools." "    Thats sums up my feelings quite well..   Note to add that book culture of fear WOULD have been an excellent book except he fearmongers about guns througout..... I don't think the author actually read the book...
you are claiming moore is lying without citing the lies. you are also saying that sinjin's observation is not the main message, but you fail to show what the real main message is. if you think its propoganda, indicate to what end is the propoganda for, dont just say that its propoganda. please indicate moore's BIG lie, if you dont mind  Oh my appologies. We have been through this before. I'd be happy to show you.  If and IF I can show you the lies. Will you change your mind?   1) Did the KKK and NRA ever burn a cross together? Was that cartoon a documentry or propaganda?  I got more. First the KKK and NRA. Please advise.
Oh my appologies. We have been through this before. I'd be happy to show you.  If and IF I can show you the lies. Will you change your mind?   1) Did the KKK and NRA ever burn a cross together? Was that cartoon a documentry or propaganda?  I got more. First the KKK and NRA. Please advise.  I would bet that many members of the KKK are also NRA members. So what? You think otherwise?
I would bet that many members of the KKK are also NRA members. So what? You think otherwise?  What is many? Did the KKK and NRA burn a cross together? 'So what' you say? Maybe you should be asking that question to Moore about his cartoon?  Did it appeal to emotions? Or your rational person? What did you learn from the cartoon?  What does propaganda do? Teach or appeal to emotions? What does a documentry do?  Please advise. Is the cartoon educational/documentry/informative or propaganda. Please advise.  "So what" you say? Did you learn that the NRA is racist? Did you learn that the NRA has a white superiority agenda? Did you learn all this from a cartoon? Did you learn of some political plan by the NRA so persue a racist agenda? Please advise.
What is many? Did the KKK and NRA burn a cross together? 'So what' you say? Maybe you should be asking that question to Moore about his cartoon?  Did it appeal to emotions? Or your rational person? What did you learn from the cartoon?  What does propaganda do? Teach or appeal to emotions? What does a documentry do?  Please advise. Is the cartoon educational/documentry/informative or propaganda. Please advise.  "So what" you say? Did you learn that the NRA is racist? Did you learn that the NRA has a white superiority agenda? Did you learn all this from a cartoon? Did you learn of some political plan by the NRA so persue a racist agenda? Please advise.  I accept that most documentaries have some bias as does all history.  I have felt emotions watching a documentary. I do not consider Mr. Moore's works documentaries.  I do not believe the agenda of the NRA is the agenda of the KKK. I believe the agenda of the KKK is furthered by the agenda of the NRA.  So is that of the "Black Panthers".  And yes if one member of the NRA was present at a cross burning then technically the NRA and KKK have burned a cross together. I guess that's where I feel the "so what?".  Is it Mr. Moore's fault that more KKK types belong to the NRA than the ACLU?
Upon what evidence should I "bet" that a lot of NRA members are also closet klansmen? Can anyone cite any factual evidence for this, or is this assertion just a narrow-minded stereotypical view of the average NRA member as being an uneducated WASP from the south who drives aroung in his pickup with his white hood draped over his shotgun in the window rack?
or is it just there are members of the KKK who like guns.   i cans see i like guns, so now i hate (whatever)
Why are there people who want to tack away my guns? I have an "assault rifle", an &#8220;assault shotgun&#8221;, and hand guns. All three of these types of guns are under attack and I would like to know why you (voice of reason, and others) think that they should be &#8220;off the streets&#8221; or banned?
Why are there people who want to tack away my guns? I have an "assault rifle", an "assault shotgun", and hand guns. All three of these types of guns are under attack and I would like to know why you (voice of reason, and others) think that they should be "off the streets" or banned?   Because someone has deemed you to be stupid. Never mind that stupid or not, citizens still have rights.  Because someone has deemed you to be trivial. You don't matter enough to have rights or the rights you want are labeled to be trivial.  Because your violating those rights of "someone". Though those "someone" can not name the right your violating. They are sure your violating something eventhough they can not name it and they hate you for it.
Why do we have a "right" to carry or own guns we dont need ?   You have a right if your government tells you that you do. If it changes it mind, that right no longer exists.  Firearms do little good, unless you  A: Happen to have your home invaded by an intruder B: are well trained and psychologically prepared to shoot said intruder  Sir you are most certainly Constitutionally ignorant. Where did you learn that "You have a right if your government tells you that you do". The government never gave me my rights. The government does not tell me or the People what to do. The government exists to serve the People and exists at the pleasure of The People. Have you ever read the Declearation of Independane and the Constitution? These document describe how the government and our democracy works in reality, not how you THINK it works.   "all Men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights" - Declearation of Independance  The government never game me rights. I have them from the Creator and not any earthly man or power gave them to me or can take them away.  The law says I don't need to justify "need" to own a gun. The only justification I need is "I want one". That is the nature of the right to own a gun or all the other rights. The only justification I need is "I want it" or "I want to do it". Quite frankly Sir even you asking the question "why do you need a gun" is insulting and undemocratic. The democratic principles, by which we all live by, I never have to just "need" to do any thing that is a right.  I don't need to justify my "need" to:  Vote. Own property. Peacfully gather in church. Dance. Publish a political paper. Buy a stick of gum or an expensive diamond. Have my house or person private. and own a gun.  The only justification I "need" to do any of those rights is "I want it" or "I want to do it". According to democratic principles of rights I need no other justification. Even you trying to ask the question violates my 4th Amendment right to privacy. Sir you don't have to the right to ask the question or even get an answer.
Why do we have a "right" to carry or own guns we dont need ?  Second Ammendment   You have a right if your government tells you that you do. If it changes it mind, that right no longer exists.  From exactly what legal or historical precedent do you draw this conclusion? The rights laid down in the bill of rights are not gifts from our government, they are official recognition of pre-existing rights. The governement does not have the power to remove those rights, though they have at times illegally (as recognised by the supreme court) infinged upon them.  If some choose to disregard the bill of rights, and by default the rest of the constitution, that is, I suppose, their privelage. I seriously doubt you will find the government wishes to do this, as the constitution provides the ONLY legal justification for the existance of our government. Without the constitution, there IS no government.   While there are some who trust our government implicetly and wish for the creation of a nanny state, no reasonable person could possibly take this position. All governements throughout history, democratic or not, have eventually turned corrupt and fallen. There is no reason that we should believe the US government will not eventually end up the same. The RKBA, like many of the other rights recognised in the bill of rights, was put in place as a tool, reserved for the people, to use against a corrupt or tyranical government.   Firearms do little good, unless you  A: Happen to have your home invaded by an intruder  This is not the purpose of the second Ammendment  B: are well trained and psychologically prepared to shoot said intruder  I am going to take this in two parts, first the "well trained".  Anti gunners who use this argument must be, bar none, the stupidest people on the planet if they cannot learn to use a firearm without extensive training. I have taught 8 yr old kids to use a gun in less than 10 minutes, and had them firing decent scores at the end of 20 minutes. I have seen 14 yr old african kids who are illeterate and have spent their entire lives in little dirt villages without power, books, or modern conveniences, operate squad support class machine guns (and operate them well).   Any adult with an IQ higher than your average house plant should be able to pick up and correctly operate your average weapon with only a cursory examination of the controls. In addition, an owners manual which explains the operation of the weapon is packaged with every new firearm sold in this country. If you purchase a used one which does not include the owners manual, every American manufacturer (and most foreign manufaturers) will provide you with one free of charge.   Are you people really so stupid that you can't figure out how to fire a gun? You would have to be an absolut XXXXX to be unable to figure it out. As far as hitting what you are aiming at, when you are talking about the short ranges involved in home defense, anybody with even marginal hand eye coordination can do this with no problem.  As far as the second part "psychologically prepared", every living creatures strongest instinct is that of self preservation. People are no different. While it is true that some people have seemingly managed to "deprogram" their instincts to the point that they will stand stupidly by and allow themselves to be killed rather than to defend their lives, this is just another fine example of darwinism. Let them die, the gene pool will be stronger without them polluting it.
Not every person in the world is American.    Self preservation is a strong instinct, but its still a mental "block" to actually take the act that you know will kill someone.  A person wielding a firearm, but hesitating in a critical moment, is very likely to suffer serious injury or death, that the intruder might not have done originally (since the person in question would not present a threat)    I realize that the second amendment is aimed primarily intended to allow for insurrection against a corrupt government (or so I was told at least :) ).   Jeffersonian: What if the government decided that dancing was in fact to be outlawed, and persecuted by jail.  Do you then still have a right to dance ?  What defines a "right" ? The desire to do something, or being able to do it without persecution or retribution ?  Sir my appologies for the confusion. I could careless how other democracies decide thier own internal matters. All my comments are strictly for US domestic laws and policiies. The right to dance is covered under the 1st Amendment. As an American I have the God given right to political, artistic, and economic communication. If the governement takes that away, then I have the 2nd Amendment. As someone once said here. First you talk if that does not work, then you shoot.  I am sorry I don't have the time or the ability to teach you what is a right under Jeffersonian democracy. All I can say is that 3 documents form the cornerstones of how our democracy works. They are: The Declearation of Independance, the Constitution, and The Federalist Papers. All are available on line as text form. All 3 will describe the nature of rights in the USA and how they work in the USA.
   I realize that the second amendment is aimed primarily intended to allow for insurrection against a corrupt government (or so I was told at least :) ).    Thank you for that very honest remark. The problem with US anti-gunners, democracy, and or justice system; is that anti-gunners seem to form thier opinions on based on "or so I was told". Concepts of how our democracy, government, and the nature of rights based on "or so I I was told", is based on prejudice, mis-information, and down right dark age reasoning. No one in the USA has to base thier opinions on "or so I was told". The way our democracy works is all spelled out in the text of The Declearation of Independace, the Constitution, and the Federalist Papers. "Or so I was told" from my experience here tends to be wrong, illegal, and undemocratic.
I realize my knowledge of the specific elements of the US constitution and laws are flawed. Heck, I cant even remember every exact point of my own constitution :)  What I was trying to get at is that rights can be restricted by a governmental decision.  Maybe some places, but not in America. It would be illegal for our government to simply decide to take away a right.  As an example, and please dont take this as america bashing, during world war 2, Japanese in the United States were imprisoned.  So clearly their rights were taken away by the government  This is true, but it was found to be illegal and the government ended up paying hundreds of millions of dollars in reperations for this. The only real danger of the government being able to do this kind of thing (at least in America) is if the entire system breaks down. In that case, we have the second ammendment to handle that little problem.  The prohibition is another excellent example (and one that didnt go over all that well).  There was a constitutional ammendment for prohibition. Drinking was arguably a right, and an ammendment is required to remove a right. When the country decided prohibition was no longer a good idea, the ammendment was repealed.  If USA was invaded by a foreign power, and martial law was instated, again, rights would likely seriously decrease, depending on the specific situation.  This is a danger that we face. In such an event, it would be up to the population at large to decide wehter they were willing to have those rights decreased. If not, we have the right to speak out against them, if that doesn;t work, we have the second ammendment, which gaurantees us that if talking doesn't work, we have the ability to shoot.
I realize my knowledge of the specific elements of the US constitution and laws are flawed. Heck, I cant even remember every exact point of my own constitution :)  What I was trying to get at is that rights can be restricted by a governmental decision.  As an example, and please dont take this as america bashing, during world war 2, Japanese in the United States were imprisoned.  So clearly their rights were taken away by the government  The prohibition is another excellent example (and one that didnt go over all that well).  If USA was invaded by a foreign power, and martial law was instated, again, rights would likely seriously decrease, depending on the specific situation.  Prohibition? That was an amendment. Yes the highest law and rights can be modified by amendment. I have no problem with that. The passage of an amendment is decided upon by the People of the United States after democratic process. I have no problem with democracy. The problem with the anti-gunners in this country is they are trying to achive thier ends by non-democratic means.  The government by itself deciding to limit rights is NOT democracy. It is tyranny. Yes the Japanese/Americans were violated by government decision. It is also universally accepted in this country today that is was wrong, evil, illegal, and unconstitutional. I am sure if any of those officials were alive today, they would be held responisble for thier crimes.
None of that answers my question. Why should I, a trained and knowable person NOT be allowed to keep firearms in my home? I was trained in SAFE use of a weapon by the US Army, have never accidentally hurt anyone with a gun, and am more likely to kill with my car, so why should some one like me be unable to engage in an activity that I enjoy?
Not true. The Brady Bill, for example, was passed by Congress (who were elected by the people) and was signed by the President (who was elected by the people). Constitutional and democratic processes were followed to make the Brady Bill law.  The Brady bill was a law which was passed which is specifically prohibited by the second ammendment. It was concieved and passed as "common sense measures" without examining the constitutionality of it.  By many in the anti gun arena it was considered a first step towards the total disarmament of America (check out Renos thoughts on it). It opened the door to other, more restrictive regulation which could concievably end in the complete destruction of the second ammendmnet.  While the passage of the brady bill was based on democratic principals, it was not within the framework of Jeffersonian democracy, which is the system we use here in America.
None of that answers my question. Why should I, a trained and knowable person NOT be allowed to keep firearms in my home? I was trained in SAFE use of a weapon by the US Army, have never accidentally hurt anyone with a gun, and am more likely to kill with my car, so why should some one like me be unable to engage in an activity that I enjoy?  Because you are too stupid and too evil. We all know that you are just waiting for the chance to shoot up a school full of little kids, rob a convenience store, then kill a cop on the way home.  We also know that, despite any training you may have had, you have no idea which end of the gun is the afe end and whihc is the dangerous one. You don't know how to load your gun, aim your gun, or shoot your gun.   These activities are reserved for police officers who, oddly enough, we test before hiring to ensure that they are not too intelligent, since we wouldn;t want people of above average intelligence acting in such a capacity.
I am not familiar with the amendments that mention a drinking age or any drugs at all. Which one specifically mentions weed?  The rights Daewoo is speaking of are spelled out in the Constitution that is what quafiles as a right, not because some one clams it is.
The government recognized the rights spelled out in the constitution. With one exception the amendments that have been added recognized more rights. The exception is prohibition and that was a short-lived mistake.
According to daewoo, the rights are pre-existing, meaning that there is no need for them to be spelled out in the Constitution. The Constitution is only a formal recognition of rights. And also, let me direct you to Amendment IX, which states, "The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people." So the rights don't need to be spelled out by the Constitution since they are pre-existing, according to daewoo. But the examples that I gave in my previous post clearly illustrate that the government can limit our rights.  They are pre-existing. Unfortunatly, the constitution has been interpeted byt our government as meaning that any rights not specifically recognised do not exist. This is the exact opposite of what the constitution says.
I am not familiar with the amendments that mention a drinking age or any drugs at all. Which one specifically mentions weed?  The rights Daewoo is speaking of are spelled out in the Constitution that is what quafiles as a right, not because some one clams it is.    Uh the ninth amendment cover it in my opinion...  U.S. Constitution: Ninth Amendment  Ninth Amendment - Unenumerated Rights    Amendment Text | Annotations  The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people.    Also Daewoo is absolutly right.... "The Right of the people" means the right wich has always existed among the people.....
So are you saying that the various drug laws are a cause for protest? What can the government do, if not limit rights?  The sole purpose oft he government of the United states of America is to preserve the rights of the citizens. Ther is no other. Every law we have is supposed to be a means to acieving this. For example, murder is against the law because it infringes on the murdered persons rights.  Unfortunatly, the new breed of people who wish for a nanny state is not all that new. It has actually been quite a while since our government focused on its primary function, as opposed to attempting to make measures to safegaurd us from ourselves.
But doesn't a law against murder restrict a person's right to murder? I have a feeling you will reply that rights can only be preserved when they don't restrict other people's rights. So let me respond in case you are thinking along those lines.  Your rights are untouchable insofar as they do not infringe on the rights of another. You do not have the right to murder because it destroys anothers right ot live. This is not a complicated theory.   Realistically, marajuana is illegal because a couple hundred years ago, a wealthy group of lumber barons realised thatt he hemo trade was drivign them out of business. hemp was cheap to grow, cheap to harvest, and was destroying the wood pulp industry (paper, etc...) as well as taking over the wood gas industry (most old towns have gas works, where wood gas was created and piped to factories, homes, etc...)  Everything affects everything. Sorry, that's all I've got for now. I was really fired up a second ago to explain how every single right infringes on another right, but then I lost all motivation. I do apologize for my complete lack of a useful response. Maybe I'll feel up to it later.  Pls, feel free
But doesnt that bring us back to the idea that your rights are, indeed, defined by govermental law.  Since the government made (and amended) the constitution, they defined the rights and wrongs of US society  Government does NOT make or amend the Constitution. Please read our Constitution. Authority is derived from The People and the government exists at our pleasure. A government that defines rights on it's own authority is a government run amok.
Watch bowling for columbine and then try to formulate an intelligent opinion. You won't be able to. Kids are going to get a hold of guns as long as they exist in this country. You want to know the biggest problem with certified gun owners. They are never willing to give an honest opinion regarding why they keep guns. Their only real defense is that the consitution says they have the right to bare arms (and this is such a vague declaration that it can be twisted to mean many things).   Moore is a liar. Moore is a propagandist... Put the kool-aid down and learn:   BOWLING FOR COLUMBINE  Documentary or Fiction?  -David T. Hardy-  Michael Moore's "Bowling for Columbine" won the Oscar for best documentary. Unfortunately, it is not a documentary, by the Academy's own definition.  The injustice here is not so much to the viewer, as to the independent producers of real documentaries. These struggle in a field which receives but a fraction of the recognition and financing of the "entertainment industry." They are protected by Academy rules limiting the documentary competition to nonfiction.  Bowling is fiction. It makes its points by deceiving and by misleading the viewer. Statements are made which are false. Moore leads the reader to draw inferences which he must have known were wrong. Indeed, even speeches shown on screen are heavily edited, so that sentences are assembled in the speaker's voice, but which were not sentences he uttered. Bowling uses deception as its primary tool of persuasion and effect.  A film which does this may be a commercial success. It may be entertaining. But it is not a documentary. One need only consult Rule 12 of the rules for the Academy Award: a documentary is a non-fictional movie.   The point is not that Bowling is biased. No, the point is that Bowling is deliberately, seriously, and consistently deceptive.  1. Willie Horton. The first edition of the webpage had a section on falsification of the election ad regarding Willie Horton (the convict, not the baseball star). This was one of the earliest criticisms of Bowling--Ben Fritz caught it back in November, 2002.  To illustrate politicians' (and especially Republican politicians') willingness to play the "race card," Bowling shows what purports to be a television ad run by George Bush, Sr., in his race against Governor Dukakis. For those who weren't around back then -- Massachusetts had a "prison furlough" program where prisoners could be given short releases from the clink. Unfortunately, some of them never came back. Dukakis vetoed legislation which would have forbidden furlough to persons with "life without parole" sentences for murder, and authorities thereafter furloughed a number of murderers. Horton, in prison for a brutal stabbing murder, got a furlough, never returned, and then attacked a couple, assaulting both and raping the woman. His opponents in the presidential race took advantage of the veto.  The ad as shown by Moore begins with a "revolving door" of justice, progresses to a picture of Willie Horton (who is black), and ends with dramatic subtitle: "Willie Horton released. Then kills again."  Fact: Bowling splices together two different election ads, one run by the Bush campaign (featuring a revolving door, and not even mentioning Horton) and another run by an independent expenditure campaign (naming Horton, and showing footage from which it can be seen that he is black). At the end, the ad ala' Moore has the customary note that it was paid for by the Bush-Quayle campaign. Moore intones "whether you're a psychotic killer or running for president of the United States, the one thing you can always count on is white America's fear of the black man." There is nothing to reveal that most of the ad just seen (and all of it that was relevant to Moore's claim) was not the Bush-Quayle ad, which didn't even name Horton.  Fact: Apparently unsatisfied with splicing the ads, Bowling's editors added a subtitle "Willie Horton released. Then kills again."  Fact: Ben Fitz also noted that Bowling's editors didn't bother to research the events before doctoring the ads. Horton's second arrest was not for murder. (The second set of charges were aggravated assault and rape).   I originally deleted this from the main webpage, because in the VHS version of Bowling Moore had the decency to remove the misleading footage. But as Brendan Nyhan recently wrote in Spinsanity, he put it back in in the DVD version! He did make one minor change, switching his edited-in caption to "Willie Horton released. Then rapes a woman." Obviously Moore had been informed of the Spinsanity criticism. He responded by correcting his own typo, not by removing the edited in caption, nor by revealing that the ad being shown was not in fact a Bush-Quayle ad.  2. NRA and the Reaction To Tragedy. A major theme in Bowling is that NRA is callous toward slayings. In order to make this theme fit the facts, however, Bowling repeatedly distorts the evidence.  A. Columbine Shooting/Denver NRA Meeting. Bowling portrays this with the following sequence:  Weeping children outside Columbine;  Cut to Charlton Heston holding a musket and proclaiming "I have only five words for you: 'from my cold, dead, hands'";  Cut to billboard advertising the meeting, while Moore intones "Just ten days after the Columbine killings, despite the pleas of a community in mourning, Charlton Heston came to Denver and held a large pro-gun rally for the National Rifle Association;"  Cut to Heston (supposedly) continuing speech... "I have a message from the Mayor, Mr. Wellington Webb, the Mayor of Denver. He sent me this; it says 'don't come here. We don't want you here.' I say to the Mayor this is our country, as Americans we're free to travel wherever we want in our broad land. Don't come here? We're already here!"  The portrayal is one of an arrogant protest in response to the deaths -- or, as one reviewer put it, "it seemed that Charlton Heston and others rushed to Littleton to hold rallies and demonstrations directly after the tragedy." The portrayal is in fact false.   Fact: The Denver event was not a demonstration relating to Columbine, but an annual meeting (see links below), whose place and date had been fixed years in advance.   Fact: At Denver, the NRA cancelled all events (normally several days of committee meetings, sporting events, dinners, and rallies) save the annual members' voting meeting -- that could not be cancelled because the state law governing nonprofits required that it be held. [No way to change location, since under NY law you have to give 10 days' advance notice of that to the members, there were upwards of 4,000,000 members -- and Columbine happened 11 days before the scheduled meeting.] As a newspaper reported:  In a letter to NRA members Wednesday, President Charlton Heston and the group's executive vice president, Wayne LaPierre, said all seminars, workshops, luncheons, exhibits by gun makers and other vendors, and festivities are canceled.  All that's left is a members' reception with Rep. J.C. Watts, R-Okla., and the annual meeting, set for 10 a.m. May 1 in the Colorado Convention Center.  Under its bylaws and New York state law, the NRA must hold an annual meeting.  The NRA convention April 30-May 2 was expected to draw 22,000 members and give the city a $17.9 million economic boost.  "But the tragedy in Littleton last Tuesday calls upon us to take steps, along with dozens of other planned public events, to modify our schedule to show our profound sympathy and respect for the families and communities in the Denver area in their time of great loss," Heston and LaPierre wrote.   Fact: Heston's "cold dead hands" speech, which leads off Moore's depiction of the Denver meeting, was not given at Denver after Columbine. It was given a year later in Charlotte, North Carolina, and was his gesture of gratitude upon his being given a handmade musket, at that annual meeting.  Fact: When Bowling continues on to the speech which Heston did give in Denver, it carefully edits it to change its theme.  Moore's fabrication here cannot be described by any polite term. It is a lie, a fraud, and a few other things. Carrying it out required a LOT of editing to mislead the viewer, as I will show below. I transcribed Heston's speech as Moore has it, and compared it to a news agency's transcript, color coding the passages. CLICK HERE for the comparison, with links to the original transcript.  Moore has actually taken audio of seven sentences, from five different parts of the speech, and a section given in a different speech entirely, and spliced them together. Each edit is cleverly covered by inserting a still or video footage for a few seconds.  First, right after the weeping victims, Moore puts on Heston's "I have only five words for you . . . cold dead hands" statement, making it seem directed at them. As noted above, it's actually a thank-you speech given a year later in North Carolina.  Moore then has an interlude -- a visual of a billboard and his narration. This is vital. He can't go directly to Heston's real Denver speech. If he did that, you might ask why Heston in mid-speech changed from a purple tie and lavender shirt to a white shirt and red tie, and the background draperies went from maroon to blue. Moore has to separate the two segments.    Moore's second edit (covered by splicing in a pan shot of the crowd) deletes Heston's announcement that NRA has in fact cancelled most of its meeting:  "As you know, we've cancelled the festivities, the fellowship we normally enjoy at our annual gatherings. This decision has perplexed a few and inconvenienced thousands. As your president, I apologize for that."  Moore then cuts to Heston noting that Denver's mayor asked NRA not to come, and shows Heston replying "I said to the Mayor: As Americans, we're free to travel wherever we want in our broad land. Don't come here? We're already here!" as if in defiance.  Actually, Moore put an edit right in the middle of the first sentence, and another at its end! Heston really said (with reference his own WWII vet status) "I said to the mayor, well, my reply to the mayor is, I volunteered for the war they wanted me to attend when I was 18 years old. Since then, I've run small errands for my country, from Nigeria to Vietnam. I know many of you here in this room could say the same thing."  Moore cuts it after "I said to the Mayor" and attaches a sentence from the end of the next paragraph: "As Americans, we're free to travel wherever we want in our broad land." He hides the deletion by cutting to footage of protestors and a photo of the Mayor before going back and showing Heston.  Moore has Heston then triumphantly announce "Don't come here? We're already here!" Actually, that sentence is clipped from a segment five paragraphs farther on in the speech. Again, Moore uses an editing trick to cover the doctoring, switching to a pan shot of the audience as Heston's (edited) voice continues.  What Heston said there was:  "NRA members are in city hall, Fort Carson, NORAD, the Air Force Academy and the Olympic Training Center. And yes, NRA members are surely among the police and fire and SWAT team heroes who risked their lives to rescue the students at Columbine.  Don't come here? We're already here. This community is our home. Every community in America is our home. We are a 128-year-old fixture of mainstream America. The Second Amendment ethic of lawful, responsible firearm ownership spans the broadest cross section of American life imaginable.  So, we have the same right as all other citizens to be here. To help shoulder the grief and share our sorrow and to offer our respectful, reassured voice to the national discourse that has erupted around this tragedy."  "NRA members are, above all, Americans. That means that whatever our differences, we are respectful of one another and we stand united, especially in adversity."    I recently discovered that Moore has set up a new webpage to respond to a chosen few points of criticism, one of which is his, er, creative editing of Heston's speech. Click here for a link to his page, and for my response to his attempted defense of what he did. Basically, Moore contends that he didn't mean for the viewer to get the impression that "cold dead hands" was spoken at Denver -- that just "appears as Heston is being introduced in narration."  B. Mt. Morris shooting/ Flint rally. Bowling continues by juxtaposing another Heston speech with a school shooting of Kayla Rolland at Mt. Morris, MI, just north of Flint. Moore makes the claim that "Just as he did after the Columbine shooting, Charlton Heston showed up in Flint, to have a big pro-gun rally."   Fact: Heston's speech was given at a "get out the vote" rally in Flint, which was held when elections rolled by some eight months after the shooting ( Feb. 29 vs Oct. 17, 2000).  Fact: Bush and Gore were then both in the Flint area, trying to gather votes. Moore himself had been hosting rallies for Green Party candidate Nader in Flint a few weeks before.  Here's the real setting, as reported in the Detroit Free Press one day after Heston's speech:  What do Al Gore, Charlton Heston, Jesse Jackson, Lee Iacocca, and George W., Laura and Barbara Bush all agree upon?  That Michigan is a really big deal right now. The candidates, their wives, mothers, and pals are here this week, as post-debate spin control ebbs and political ground control overtakes Michigan with 20 days left to Election Day.....Democratic nominee Gore is to campaign in Flint tonight; Texas Gov. Bush is to visit a Macomb County factory Thursday. . . . . For Republicans, other surrogates include former auto executive Lee Iacocca touting Bush at a luncheon today in Troy, and Tuesday's visit by National Rifle Association President and movie-Moses Charlton Heston.  For the Democrats, the Rev. Jesse Jackson is seeking to mobilize black voters for the Gore ticket Thursday at Detroit's King High School, and Energy Secretary Bill Richardson will do the same at an Arab-American Chamber of Commerce dinner Friday in Livonia.  How does Moore trick the viewer into believing that this speech, given in this context, was actually a defiant response to a shooting in a nearby town months before?  Moore creates the impression that one event was right after the other so smoothly that I didn't spot his technique. It was picked up by Richard Rockley, who sent me an email.  Moore works by depriving you of context and guiding your mind to fill the vacuum -- with completely false ideas. It is brilliantly, if unethically, done,. Let's deconstruct his method.  The entire sequence takes barely 40 seconds. Images are flying by so rapidly that you cannot really think about them, you just form impressions.  Shot of Moore comforting Kayla's school principal after she discusses Kayla's murder. As they turn away, we hear Heston's voice: "From my cold, dead hands." [Moore is again attibuting it to a speech where it was not uttered.]  When Heston becomes visible, he's telling a group that freedom needs you now, more than ever, to come to its defense. Your impression: Heston is responding to something urgent, presumably the controversy caused by her death. And he's speaking about it like a fool.  Moore: "Just as he did after the Columbine shooting, Charlton Heston showed up in Flint, to have a big pro-gun rally."  Moore continues on to say that before he came to Flint, Heston had been interviewed by the Georgetown Hoya about Kayla's death... Why would this be important?  Image of Hoya (a student paper) appears on screen, with highlighting on words of reporter mentioning Kayla Rolland's name, and highlighting on Heston's name (only his name, not his reply) as he answers. Image is on screen only a few seconds.  Ah, you think you spot the relevance: he obviously was alerted to the case, and that's why be came.  And, Moore continues, the case was discussed on Heston's "own NRA" webpage... Again, your mind seeks relevance....  Image of a webpage for America's First Freedom (a website for NRA, not for Heston) with text "48 hours after Kayla Rolland was prounced dead" highlighted and zoomed in on.  Your impression: Heston did something 48 hours after she died. Why else would "his" webpage note this event, whatever it is? What would Heston's action have been? It must have been to go to Flint and hold the rally.  Scene cuts to protestors, including a woman with a Million Moms March t-shirt, who asks how Heston could come here, she's shocked and appalled, "it's like he's rubbing our face in it." (This speaker and the protest may be faked, but let's assume for the moment they're real.). This caps your impression. She's shocked by Heston coming there, 48 hours after the death. He'd hardly be rubbing faces in it if he came there much later, on a purpose unrelated to the death.  The viewer thinks he or she understands ....  One reviewer: Heston "held another NRA rally in Flint, Michigan, just 48 hours after a 6 year old shot and killed a classmate in that same town."  Another:"What was Heston thinking going to into Colorado and Michigan immediately after the massacres of innocent children?"  Let's look at the facts behind the presentation:  Heston's speech, with its sense of urgency, freedom needs you now more than ever before. As noted above, it's actually an election rally, held weeks before the closest election in American history.  Moore: "Just as at Columbine, Heston showed up in Flint to have a large pro-gun rally." As noted above, it was an election rally actually held eight months later.  Georgetown Hoya interview, with highlighting on reporter mentioning Kayla and on Heston's name where he responds.  What is not highlighted, and impossible to read except by repeating the scene, is that the reporter asks about Kayla and about the Columbine shooters, and Heston replies only as to the Columbine shooters. There is no indication that he recognized Kayla Rolland's case. It flashes past in the movie: click here to see it frozen.  "His NRA webpage" with highlighted reference to "48 hours after Kayla Robinson is pronounced dead." Here's where it gets interesting. Moore zooms in on that phrase so quickly that it blots out the rest of the sentence, and then takes the image off screen before you can read anything else.    (It's clearer in the movie). The page is long gone, but I finally found an archived version and also a June 2000 usenet posting usenet posting. Guess what the page really said happened? Not a Heston trip to Flint, but: "48-hours after Kayla Rolland is pronounced dead, Bill Clinton is on The Today Show telling a sympathetic Katie Couric, "Maybe this tragic death will help."" Nothing to do with Heston. Incidentally, if you have the DVD version and the right player, you can freeze frame this sequence and see it yourself. Then go back and freeze frame the rally, and you'll make out various Bush election posters and tags.  Yep, Moore had a reason for zooming in on the 48 hours. The zooming starts instantly, and moves sideways to block out the rest of the sentence before even the quickest viewer could read it.  By the way, when interviewed by a reporter for the Times of London, Moore had to admit the point: "When I spoke to Moore last week, he confirmed Hardy's point about the date of the speech, but angrily denied the allegation that he had misled viewers." Link to Times webpage (charge for download).  If this is artistic talent, it's not the type that merits an Oscar.  C. Heston Interview. Having created the desired impression, Moore follows with his Heston interview. Heston's memory of the Flint event is foggy (he says it was an early morning event, and that they then went on to the next rally; in fact the rally was at 6 - 7:30 PM. and the last event of the day.). Heston's lack of recall is not surprising; it was one rally in a nine-stop tour of three States in three days.  Moore, who had plenty of time to prepare, continues the impression he has created, asking Heston misleading questions such as: "After that happened you came to Flint to hold a big rally and, you know, I just, did you feel it was being at all insensitive to the fact that this community had just gone through this tragedy?" Moore continues, "you think you'd like to apologize to the people in Flint for coming and doing that at that time?"  Moore knows the real sequence, and knows that Heston does not. Moore takes full advantage.  As noted above, Moore's deception works on reviewers. In fact, when Heston says he did not know about Kayla's shooting when he went to Flint, viewers see Heston as an inept liar:  "Then, he [Heston] and his ilk held ANOTHER gun-rally shortly after another child/gun tragedy in Flint, MI where a 6-year old child shot and killed a 6-year old classmate (Heston claims in the final interview of the film that he didn't know this had just happened when he appeared)." [Click here for original]  Bowling persuaded these viewers by deceiving them. Moore's creative skills are used to convince the viewer that things happened which did not and that a truthful man is a liar when he denies them.  A further question: is the end of the Heston interview faked?  3. Animated sequence equating NRA with KKK. In an animated history send-up, with the narrator talking rapidly, Bowling equates the NRA with the Klan, suggesting NRA was founded in 1871, "the same year that the Klan became an illegal terrorist organization." Bowling goes on to depict Klansmen becoming the NRA and an NRA character helping to light a burning cross.    This sequence is intended to create the impression either that NRA and the Klan were parallel groups or that when the Klan was outlawed its members formed the NRA.  Both impressions are not merely false, but directly opposed to the real facts.   Fact: The NRA was founded in 1871 -- by act of the New York Legislature, at request of former Union officers. The Klan was founded in 1866, and quickly became a terrorist organization. One might claim that while it was an organization and a terrorist one, it technically became an "illegal" such with passage of the federal Ku Klux Klan Act and Enforcement Act in 1871. These criminalized interference with civil rights, and empowered the President to use troops to suppress the Klan. (Although we'd have to acknowledge that murder, terror and arson were illegal long before that time -- the Klan hadn't been operating legally until 1871, it was operating illegally with the connivance of law enforcement.)   Fact: The Klan Act and Enforcement Act were signed into law by President Ulysess S. Grant. Grant used their provisions vigorously, suspending habeas corpus and deploying troops; under his leadership over 5,000 arrests were made and the Klan was dealt a serious (if all too short-lived) blow.  Fact: Grant's vigor in disrupting the Klan earned him unpopularity among many whites, but Frederick Douglass praised him, and an associate of Douglass wrote that African-Americans "will ever cherish a grateful remembrance of his name, fame and great services."  Fact: After Grant left the White House, the NRA elected him as its eighth president.  Fact: After Grant's term, the NRA elected General Philip Sheridan, who had removed the governors of Texas and Lousiana for failure to suppress the KKK.  Fact: The affinity of NRA for enemies of the Klan is hardly surprising. The NRA was founded by former Union officers, and eight of its first ten presidents were Union veterans.  Fact: During the 1950s and 1960s, groups of blacks organized as NRA chapters in order to obtain surplus military rifles to fight off Klansmen.  .4. Shooting at Buell Elementary School in Michigan. Bowling depicts the juvenile shooter who killed Kayla Rolland as a sympathetic youngster, from a struggling family, who just found a gun in his uncle's house and took it to school. "No one knew why the little boy wanted to shoot the little girl."   Fact: The little boy was the class thug, already suspended from school for stabbing another kid with a pencil, and had fought with Kayla the day before. Since the incident, he has stabbed another child with a knife.   Fact: The uncle's house was the family business -- the neighborhood crack-house. The gun was stolen and was purchased by the uncle in exchange for drugs.The shooter's father was already serving a prison term for theft and drug offenses. A few weeks later police busted the shooter's grandmother and aunt for narcotics sales. After police hauled the family away, the neighbors applauded the officers. This was not a nice but misunderstood family.   Links:1., 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11,   5. The Taliban and American Aid. In discussing military assistance to various countries, Bowling asserts that the U.S. gave $245 million in aid to Taliban-ruled Afghanistan in 2000 and 2001.   Fact: The aid in question was humanitarian assistance, given through UN and nongovernmental organizations, to relieve famine in Afghanistan. [Various numbers are given for the amount of the aid, and some say several million went for clearing landmines.]  6. International Comparisons. To pound home its point, Bowling flashes a dramatic count of gun homicides in various countries: Canada 165, Germany 381, Australia 65, Japan 39, US 11,127. Now that's raw numbers, not rates -- Here's why he doesn't talk rates.  Verifying the figures was difficult, since Moore does not give a year for them. A lot of Moore's numbers didn't check out for any period I could find. As a last effort at checking, I did a Google search for each number and the word "gun" or words "gun homicides" Many traced -- only back to webpages repeating Bowling's figures. Moore is the only one using these numbers.  Germany: Bowling says 381: 1995 figures put homicides at 1,476, about four times what Bowling claims, and gun homicides at 168, about half what it claims: it's either far too high or far too low. ( Jörg Altmeppen has emailed me a link to a German site putting the figure at Moore's 381, in 1998 -- I have to depend upon his translation here, as German is one of the languages in which I can only curse.).  Australia: Bowling says 65. This is very close, albeit picking the year to get the data desired. Between 1980-1995, firearm homicides varied from 64-123, although never exactly 65. In 2000, it was 64, which was proudly proclaimed as the lowest number in the country's history.  US: Bowling says 11,127. FBI figures put it a lot lower. They report gun homicides were 8,719 in 2001, 8,661 in 2000, 8,480 in 1999. (2001 UCR, p. 23). Here's the table:    [You can download the entire report, in .pdf format, by clicking here; look for pt. 2 at p.23.] To be utterly fair, this is a count of the 13,752 homicides for which police submitted supplemental data (including weapon used): the total homicide count was 15,980. But what weapon, if any, was used in the other homicide is unknown to us, and was unknown to Moore.  After an email tip, I finally found a way to compute precisely 11,127. Ignore the FBI, use Nat'l Center for Health Statistics figures. These are based on doctors' death certificates rather than police investigation.  Then -- to their gun homicide figures, add the figure for legally-justified homicides: self-defense and police use against criminals. Presto, you have exactly Moore's 11,127. I can see no other way for him to get it.  Since Moore appears to use police figures for the other countries, it's hardly a valid comparison. More to the point, it's misleading since it includes self-defense and police: when we talk of a gun homicide problem we hardly have in mind a woman defending against a rapist, or a cop taking out an armed robber.  Canada: Moore's number is correct for 1999, a low point, but he ignores some obvious differences.  Bias. I wanted to talk about fabrication, not about bias, but I've gotten emails asking why I didn't mention that Switzerland requires almost all adult males to have guns, but has a lower homicide rate than Great Britain, or that Japanese-Americans, with the same proximity to guns as other Americans, have homicide rates half that of Japan itself. (And, after posting this, got an email saying that Switzerland doesn't require all adult males to own guns -- not everyone is in the national militia. Here's an encyclopedia reference to their system. 36% of entire population is enrolled in the militia -- which must mean a very great part of the adult male population, " All of Swiss society celebrates shooting, and skill with the rifle. For example, each year Zurich shuts down a whole day for its "Boys' Shooting Festival."" Sounds like a plan to me.)  And, oh, yes, there is an extremely interesting paper by Canadian criminologist Gary Mauser, presented at a colloquium in, appropriately enough, the Tower of London, and addressing international comparisons of firearms laws and firearm crime rates. I highly recommend reading, if you're interested in serious research rather than Moore's flashing numbers. Okay, they're mentioned, now back to our regularly scheduled program.  Actually, international comparisons lead to some interesting points. Here's a webpage which gives worldwide homicide rates. The U.S. comes in at 23rd place. It only made the list by edging out Armenia and Bulgaria. Its former rival as a superpower, the states of the former Soviet Union, absolutely flatten it in this competition. Russia has four times the US rate. Ukraine and Estonia have twice its rate. Even Poland ranks higher. South Africa's showing is ten times the US rate! Hmm-- another point from a different section of that site. In rape rates per 1000 population, the US ranks ninth, at .32, just ahead of Iceland and Papua New Guinea. Canada is fifth, at .75, over double the US rate, and Australia is third with .80.  7. Miscellaneous. Even the Canadian government is jumping in. Bowling shows Moore casually buying ammunition at an Ontario Walmart. He asks us to "look at what I, a foreign citizen, was able to do at a local Canadian Wal-Mart." He buys several boxes of ammunition without a question being raised. "That's right. I could buy as much ammunition as I wanted, in Canada."  Canadian officials have pointed out that the buy is faked or illegal: Canadian law has since, 1998, required ammunition buyers to present proper identification. Since Jan. 1, 2001, (sorry--link broke--it was a Canadian government info site) it has required non-Canadians to present a firearms borrowing or importation license, too. (Bowling appears to have been filmed in mid and late 2001).  While we're at it: Bowling shows footage of a B-52 on display at the Air Force Academy, while Moore scornfully intones that the plaque under it "proudly proclaims that the plane killed Vietnamese people on Christmas Eve of 1972."  The plaque actually reads that "Flying out of Utapao Royal Thai Naval Airfield in southeast Thailand, the crew of 'Diamond Lil' shot down a MIG northeast of Hanoi during 'Linebacker II' action on Christmas eve 1972." This is pretty mild compared to the rest of Bowling, but the viewer can't even trust Moore to honestly read a monument.  (As Spinsanity notes, Moore goes even farther in his add-on DVD. There, he tells us, "And they've got a plaque on there proudly proclaiming that this bomber, this B-52, killed thousands upon thousands of Vietnamese -- innocent civilians.")  8. Race. Moore does not directly state that Heston is a racist--he is the master of creating the false impression --but reviewers come away saying "Heston looks like an idiot, and a racist one at that" Source. "BTW, one thing the Heston interview did clear up, that man is shockingly racist." Source.  The remarks stem from Heston's answer (after Moore keeps pressing for why the US has more violence than other countries) that it might be due to the US "having a more mixed ethnicity" than other nations, and "We had enough problems with civil rights in the beginning." A viewer who accepts Moore's theme that gun ownership is driven by racial fears might conclude that Heston is blaming blacks and the civil rights movement.  But if you look at some history missing from Bowling, you get exactly the opposite picture. Heston is talking, not about race, but about racism. In the early 1960s, the civil rights movement was fighting for acceptance. Civil rights workers were being murdered. The Kennedy Administration, trying to hold together a Democratic coalition that ranged from liberals to fire-eater segregationists such as George Wallace and Lester Maddox, found the issue too hot to touch, and offered little support.  Heston got involved. He picketed discriminating restaurants. He worked with Martin Luther King, and helped King break Hollywood's color barrier (yes, there was one.). He led the actors' component of King's 1963 march in Washington, which set the stage for the key civil rights legislation in 1964.  Here's Heston's comments at the 2001 Congress on Racial Equality Martin Luther King dinner (presided over by NRA director, and CORE President, Roy Innes). More on Heston.  Most of the viewers were born long after the events Heston is recalling. To them, the civil rights struggle consists of Martin Luther King speaking, people singing "We Shall Overcome," and everyone coming to their senses. Heston remembers what it was really like.  If Heston fails to explain this in Bowling, we've got to note that Moore (despite his claim that he left the interview almost unedited) cut a lot of the interview out. Watch closely and you'll see a clock on the wall near Moore's head. When it's first seen, the time is about 5:47. When Heston finally walks out, it reads about 6:10. That's 23 minutes. I clocked the Heston interview in Bowling at 5 1/4 minutes. About three-quarters of what Heston did say was trimmed out. [Why the clock indicates six o'clock, when Moore is specific that he showed up for the interview at 8:30 AM, will have to await another investigation!]  9. Fear. Bowling probably has a good point when it suggests that the media feeds off fear in a search for the fast buck. For an interesting analysis of this, showing how crime news skyrocketed (largely displacing international coverage) even as crime fell, click here.  Bowling cites some examples: the razor blades in Halloween apples scare, the flesh-eating bacteria scare, etc. The examples are taken straight from Barry Glassner's excellent book on the subject, "The Culture of Fear," and Moore interviews Glassner on-camera for the point.  Then Moore does exactly what he condemns in the media.  Given the prominence of schoolyard killings as a theme in Bowling for Columbine, Moore must have asked Glassner about that subject. Whatever Glassner said is, however, left on the cutting-room floor. That's because Glassner lists schoolyard shootings as one of the mythical fears. He points out that "More than three times as many people are killed by lightning as by violence at schools."   This is as close as Moore comes to having a thesis, an explanation for homicide rate differences. But here he falls flat on his face. As one of his interviewees notes, over a period when homicide rates were falling, media coverage of murder increased by 600%. Okay, flip it around. When media coverage of homicides increased 600%, homicide rates fell. So much for Moore's explanation. In fact, so much for all of his attempted explanations. During the 1990s, homicide rates in the US went into their steepest decline in decades, with handgun homicides leading the way. That was the same period that saw the welfare reform laws, the bombing in Serbia, several million firearms sold each year -- everything, in short, that Moore condemns. (For one source, just go back up the page to the FBI statistics: between 1997 and 2001, firearm homicides fell from 10,729 to 8,719, and 1997 was after the biggest drop had occured.  I suppose we might go farther, and ask if Moore's film is not illustrative of what it condemns. Moore argues that the media (a) distorts reality, and (b) hypes fear of other Americans, because (c) fear is good for a fast buck. Moore distorts reality, hypes fear of other Americans ("are we nation of gun nuts, or just nuts?") and, well, made several million fast bucks.  10. Guns (supposedly the point of the film). A point worth making (although not strictly on theme here): Bowling's theme is, rather curiously, not opposed to firearms ownership.  After making out Canada to be a haven of nonviolence, Moore asks why. He proclaims that Canada has "a tremendous amount of gun ownership," somewhat under one gun per household. He visits Canadian shooting ranges, gun stores, and in the end proclaims "Canada is a gun loving, gun toting, gun crazy country!"  Or as he put it elsewhere, "then I learned that Canada has 7 million guns but they don't kill each other like we do. I thought, gosh, that's uncomfortably close to the NRA position: Guns don't kill people, people kill people."  Bowling concludes that Canada isn't peaceful because it lacks guns and gun nuts -- it has lots of those -- but because the Canadian mass media isn't into constant hyping of fear and loathing, and the American media is. (One problem).  Which leaves us to wonder why the Brady Campaign/Million Moms issued a press release. congratulating Moore on his Oscar nomination.  Or does Bowling have a hidden punch line, and in the end the joke is on them?  One possible explanation: did Bowling begin as one movie, and end up as another?  Incidentally, Moore has issued a webpage responding to criticism. In so doing, he actually admits that much of the above criticism is accurate. He did splice the Willie Horton ad, and Heston's "cold dead hands" was never spoken at Denver, and his statistics do stem from those of the Center for Disease Control, which include self-defense and police shootings of perps. As far as the rest of the criticisms above -- strange, but Moore doesn't have an answer. Here's my response.  Conclusion  The point is not that Bowling is unfair, or lacking in objectivity. The point is far more fundamental: Bowling for Columbine is dishonest. It is fraudulent. To trash Heston, it even uses the audio/video editor to assemble a Heston speech that Heston did not give, and sequences images and carefully highlighted text to spin the viewer's mind to a wrong conclusion. If there is art in this movie, it is a dishonest art. Moore does not inform his readers: he plays them like a violin.  A further thought, on a topic far broader (no pun intended) than Moore. Moore's film is unquestionably popular. He's attracted an almost-cult following. And judging from the emails I've received, plenty of his followers don't care a bit about whether they were misled. Can broader lessons be learned from this?  Suppose for a moment that Moore's behavior can be explained as a product of Narcisstic Personality Disorder, that he fits the clinical symptoms to a T, that indeed Bowling is a grand acting out of this character disorder. Does its popularity suggest something of far greater concern than one more narcissist in Hollywood? And does that in turn hold a key to mass slayings?Click here for some thoughts on that score.  David T. Hardy [an amateur who has for the last year been working on a serious bill of rights documentary], to include the Second Amendment.  dthardy at mindspring.com ["at" instead of "@" used to confuse those blasted spam robots]  P.S.: I don't have Moore's $4 million budget (and wound up paying over a thousand in bandwidth overruns, before I found a new host), but if you could see the way to contribute ten or twenty dollars to this research, and to preparing a real documentary, please click below.        A few additions:  Links to other Moore & Bowling sites.  Some criticisms not given on this page.  Did Moore appropriate large portions from a webpage?  Equal time: emails critical of this page.  A brief reply to two responses I've received:  Objectivity: (sample email): "Your entire article is retarded. We're talking about making FILM. ALL film is subjective. Have you not even taken an entry level course in film before?"  Response: The point is not that Bowling is non-objective, or biased. The point is that it is intentionally deceptive.  Nothing is real: The camera changes everything, etc., so in video there can be no truth or falsity. Sample: "tv and movies, newspapers or even documentaries *are* constructions, not "the truth" ("truth" is subjective personal opinion/experience, which would be impossible to commit to videotape or celluloid)."    Response: This certainly has given me some insight into how some in the media view things! Can we agree upon one core premise: to deliberately deceive a viewer is wrong?  Talk basic ethics. Is that what you teach your kids? Truth and lies are ultimately the same, all that matters is whether you're good at it?  And don't give me the claim that filmmaking is somehow different, all filming departs from reality, so truth and lies exist for written media and not for film. All communication is symbolic; the use of verbal and written symbols to convey ideas. If anything, a documentary film purports to be less symbolic and more real: the viewer is shown things, and assumes he is himself seeing reality, rather than hearing a speaker's description, possibly unfair or deceptive, of it. If anything, this should imply a greater duty to avoid conscious deception than would apply to the written and spoken word.  Equally to the point: Moore himself repudiates these defenses, insisting that every iota of his film is objectively true. "I can guarantee to you, without equivocation, that every fact in my movie is true. Three teams of fact-checkers and two groups of lawyers went through it with a fine tooth comb to make sure that every statement of fact is indeed an indisputable fact.... [F]aced with a thoroughly truthful and honest film, those who object to the film's political points are left with the choice of debating us on the issues in the film or resorting to character assassination." Source.  Moore makes people think. This at least has some merit to it. But deception is not the way to inspire clear thinking. For that matter ... if the purpose is to inspire thought, how about giving some data? Homicide, firearm homicide, and gun use in self-defense have been extensively studied for forty years now. Kleck, Zimring, Bordua -- there is no shortage of experts here. And there is a lot of data on other matters, such as relationship of media coverage to crime. Yet the viewer hears none of this: in terms of substance, Bowling is thin as an oil slick. The viewer is left with Moore the criminologist looking at a TV screen and proclaiming TV news just has to be the answer -- and not stopping long enough to reflect that if homicide rates fell when news coverage of them went up 600%, this is a most peculiar answer.        -----------------------------  I'm pretty lenient regarding the right to bare arms. I hate guns and I think they are wrong and should be banned entirely or else no one is safe, but I will recognize them as a fundamental of our consitution. My thought is that no one should be able to own more than one gun, and it must be a shotgun for defense or recreation.  Which shows you are anything but leniant. What have my guns or myself as a law abiding citizen done to deserve your hoplophobic scorn?   Assault rifles are far to deadly in the hands of children, whether it be in schools or on the street. Their high fire rate makes them too great a hazard, particularily in the hands of those who know how to use them. There is also no reason that anyone needs to protect themselves from 400 yards away. This is ludicrous.   this is a very ignorant statment. 1st an assault weapon I assume you mean an AK-47 or an m-16 type rifle as an example, are designed to be effective out to 300 yards. Now a .308 winchester, the most common hunting round is effective out 800 yards or more, do you want to ban that too? 2nd how many childeren have used your "assault weapons" in crimes?   Your right this IS ludicrous.   Hand guns should also be outlawed. They are too small and easy to conceal. Anyone could easily whip one out in a school or a convenient store.   Cars kill more people, ban them too? should the government, cops have guns?   A shotgun is difficult to conceal except in large pants or a trenchcoat and is also clumsier to pull out when attacking. Furthermore, they are generally effective only at shorter ranges. Depending on the type, a shotgun generally holds 1-8 rounds. 8 rounds is more than plenty to protect your home. If you want to go hunting at longer ranges, be a real hunter and buy a bow.  judging by the ignorance of this paragraph you have never been hunting and have never fired a rifle with any consistancy. Are you saying home defense is only good if the weapon has a short range? As for con cealment have you ever heard of a "sawed off shorgun"?    Let's be realistic here, you are more likely to get shot up out on the street, at work, or at school rather than by someone breaking into your home.   Actually both are statistically nill. But that does not mean that propaganda and fear mongering should be the call of the day to find a reason to violate another citizens civil rights.....
Watch bowling for columbine and then try to formulate an intelligent opinion. You won't be able to. Kids are going to get a hold of guns as long as they exist in this country. You want to know the biggest problem with certified gun owners. They are never willing to give an honest opinion regarding why they keep guns. Their only real defense is that the consitution says they have the right to bare arms (and this is such a vague declaration that it can be twisted to mean many things).  So, to any gun owners, let me ask some questions, and please answer honestly.  How many guns do you own? What kind of guns are they? Do you have children that are or were under the age of 19? If yes, Have your children ever touched or played with your gun? If yes, Have your children ever touched your gun outside of your supervision? If yes, Do you have a means of knowing whether or not you children has accessed your gun without your knowledge or consent?  If yes, have your ever educated or punished your child for inquiring or infringing up on your gun? Do you believe a family with a child should own a gun? Do you believe it is necessary to own more than one gun? Do you believe it is necessary to own an assault rifle over say a shotgun? Do you live in a neighborhood were violence and break-ins occur on a regluar basis? Do you own guns simply as a hobby, recreation, or means of protection? In the event that you own a gun as a hobby, what is so interesting about them? Do you use the hobby guns? In the even that you own a gun for recreation, why? In the event that you own a gun for safety, do you keep it loaded? If you keep your gun loaded, is it locked up, away from you, or nearby? If it is locked up away from you, how does it protect you? If it is near you, is it possible for someone to steal it? If it is unloaded, do you keep it near you? If not, how does it protect you? Have you ever shot your gun while drunk? Have you ever shot your gun while under the influence of drugs? Do you think that many gun owners are negligent? Have you ever been negligent with a gun? How do you think guns and assault rifles get circulated? How does a gun owner propose that we stop unecessary gun violence? Does your proposal consider all of your answers above? Can you propose any other self-defense options other than owning a gun? Are you a member of the NRA? Are you white? -----------------------------  I'm pretty lenient regarding the right to bare arms. I hate guns and I think they are wrong and should be banned entirely or else no one is safe, but I will recognize them as a fundamental of our consitution. My thought is that no one should be able to own more than one gun, and it must be a shotgun for defense or recreation.  Assault rifles are far to deadly in the hands of children, whether it be in schools or on the street. Their high fire rate makes them too great a hazard, particularily in the hands of those who know how to use them. There is also no reason that anyone needs to protect themselves from 400 yards away. This is ludicrous.  Hand guns should also be outlawed. They are too small and easy to conceal. Anyone could easily whip one out in a school or a convenient store.   A shotgun is difficult to conceal except in large pants or a trenchcoat and is also clumsier to pull out when attacking. Furthermore, they are generally effective only at shorter ranges. Depending on the type, a shotgun generally holds 1-8 rounds. 8 rounds is more than plenty to protect your home. If you want to go hunting at longer ranges, be a real hunter and buy a bow.  Let's be realistic here, you are more likely to get shot up out on the street, at work, or at school rather than by someone breaking into your home.  All that your asking? It violates my civil rights, even if I'm the most vile criminal, and have not had a trial, you still don't even get to ask those questions. You don't have the right to know or even ask the questions under the 4th Amendment. I guess anti-gunners are good at that, they seem to be good at violating civil rights. How do you presume that you should be given the authority to know anything about me in the first place? How do you presume to even ask the question? Even asking the question violates the tenets of democracy that our liberty and freedom is derived from. Sir you would make a good officer in a police state.  But to be polite. Everything that you ask that implies illegal activity, NO I don't do any of that. As a person who has NEVER violated any gun law, then why are you even bothering me? As a person who is INNOCENT and never violated any gun law, are your gun laws going to punish me with rights restrictions?  Isn't that what we do to criminals? Restrict thier rights? So then I don't have a trial and I'm innocent? Arent' you violating anonter on my rights?  Good job. With one post your violating 3 civil rights.  No I won't buy a bow. How I hunt legally is none of your business.  What certified owners? All citizens are certified to own firearms. Ownerhsip is a right just like voting, owning property, having dinner with my family, or writting a politcal paper. I need no certification. You don't seem to understand the nature of rights.  "Let's be realistic here, you are more likely to get shot up out on the street, at work, or at school rather than by someone breaking into your home." Honestly did you check this before speaking out? Where did you check this? I suspect you NEVER have checked this out. Honestly did you really chech this out? If not then isn't this based on prejudice and lack of information?  "Let's be realistic" sounds like your not sure and just guessing. Common you never even bothered to check this out.
Moore is a liar. Moore is a propagandist... Put the kool-aid down and learn:  .....  Hey Rev:  Last week I saw on a morning news show a debate about Moore and Bowling. The Pro-Moore guest recognized all the false facts and manipulation, but emphasized the larger "poetic picture".   Bull pucky. If the smaller pieces don't fit, there is no larger "poetic picuture".
Watch bowling for columbine and then try to formulate an intelligent opinion. You won't be able to. Kids are going to get a hold of guns as long as they exist in this country. You want to know the biggest problem with certified gun owners. They are never willing to give an honest opinion regarding why they keep guns. Their only real defense is that the consitution says they have the right to bare arms (and this is such a vague declaration that it can be twisted to mean many things).  First, bowling sucked. Second, the second ammendment is not at all vague, and if there is any question as to what it means, it is explained quite clearly not only in the feederalist papers but also in the other writings of the founders.  Honestly, I had always believed that everybody clearly understood what the meaning of the second Ammendment was and that the false confusion was beign spread by the GGs. Now I know that many people are either not bright enough, or not interested enough int he history of their country to even recite all teh ammendments, much less attempt to fully understand them. It is a sad world in which we live.  So, to any gun owners, let me ask some questions, and please answer honestly.  I'll bite  How many guns do you own?  =====Over 300  What kind of guns are they?  =====Differnt stuff, ranging from modern assault rifles w/ composite stocks and titanium recievers to 15th century italian jobbers with ivory grips and gold inlaid triggers.  Do you have children that are or were under the age of 19?  =====Yes  If yes, Have your children ever touched or played with your gun?  =====Yes  If yes, Have your children ever touched your gun outside of your supervision?  =====No, though they someday will. I got my first gun when I was 8. My kids will probably have to waiut until they are 12 (wife). by 15 they will be more than welcome to go out hunting on their own if they wish.  If yes, Do you have a means of knowing whether or not you children has accessed your gun without your knowledge or consent?   =====Yes  If yes, have your ever educated or punished your child for inquiring or infringing up on your gun?  =====n/a  Do you believe a family with a child should own a gun?  =====Absolutly  Do you believe it is necessary to own more than one gun?  =====Absolutly. A rifle, a shotgun, a pistol and an "assault rifle". I have lots mor than that, but that is because I collect them. You really only need 3 (the assault rifle is optional)  Do you believe it is necessary to own an assault rifle over say a shotgun?  =====It is a better home defense weapon, but it is a matter of choice  Do you live in a neighborhood were violence and break-ins occur on a regluar basis?  =====Nope, that may very well be because I live in the sticks, and everybody knows that farmers are all armed.  Do you own guns simply as a hobby, recreation, or means of protection?  =====Both  In the event that you own a gun as a hobby, what is so interesting about them? Do you use the hobby guns?  =====they are finely crafted, precision machines. My oldest gun was used in a political assasination, thus changing the course of history. I generally do not use pieces from my collection. They are too old and too valuable to risk blowing up.  In the even that you own a gun for recreation, why?  =====I like to hunt. I also like to do comptition shooting  In the event that you own a gun for safety, do you keep it loaded?  =====Of course, an unloaded gun is a paperweight.  If you keep your gun loaded, is it locked up, away from you, or nearby?  =====It is under my bed. I also keep one in my desk drawer, and when I am carrying large sums of money I have one in a pancake holster  If it is locked up away from you, how does it protect you?  =====Palm print access. Slap hand on reader, case pops open. Grab Uzi, commence firing.  If it is near you, is it possible for someone to steal it?  =====Not without cutting off my hand  If it is unloaded, do you keep it near you?  =====If it is unloaded, there is little point  If not, how does it protect you?  =====Hmmm, I can see where you are going here. Unfortuantly it is way down the road to ignorant land. You can load an automatic pistol in less than 3 seconds. Clip in, slide back, safty off, you are ready to go. Generally, you are going to have more than 3 seconds notice of an impending threat  Have you ever shot your gun while drunk?  =====No  Have you ever shot your gun while under the influence of drugs?  =====No  Do you think that many gun owners are negligent?  =====Don't personally know ANY gun owners who are negligent  Have you ever been negligent with a gun?  =====No  How do you think guns and assault rifles get circulated?  =====They are sold based on free market principals  How does a gun owner propose that we stop unecessary gun violence?  =====By lowering crime.   Does your proposal consider all of your answers above?  =====Yes, and then some, unlike most GG's proposals, which do not address ANY of the above (background checks, scary looking gun bans, trigger locks, etc...)  Can you propose any other self-defense options other than owning a gun?  =====Not any that is as effective  Are you a member of the NRA?  =====Nope. They are traitors to the American gun owners  Are you white?  =====Yep -----------------------------  I'm pretty lenient regarding the right to bare arms. I hate guns and I think they are wrong and should be banned entirely or else no one is safe, but I will recognize them as a fundamental of our consitution. My thought is that no one should be able to own more than one gun, and it must be a shotgun for defense or recreation.  This is rediculous. First off, a shotgun is not a good weapon for most hunting. While it is nice to use on birds, it is wasteful to use on small mammals (rabbits, squirells, etc...) and incredibly difficult (and downright foolish) to use on some big mammals (elk, bear, etc).  Don't punish the rest of us for the fact that you doubt your ability to safely store or fire a weapon.   Assault rifles are far to deadly in the hands of children, whether it be in schools or on the street. Their high fire rate makes them too great a hazard, particularily in the hands of those who know how to use them. There is also no reason that anyone needs to protect themselves from 400 yards away. This is ludicrous.  Can you actually prove that assault rifles are deadly in the hands of children? We don;t seem to have a real problem with it to date (at least, not according to the DOJ). They are responsible for a statistically insignificant number of deaths.   The US military, after years of experience in conflict situationas, has determined that the best personal defense weapon is an assault trifle ( only theirs are real assault rifles, not the black scary loooking guns that the GGs have labled "assault rifles"). I am willing to take their word for it (thus the uzi under the bed). Assault rifles are capable of reaching out and touching somebody, they are no less capable of killing somebody from across the room.   There are a couple different studies out there about the average number of rounds fired by criminals in violent acts, and the average is around 3, whether you are talking a wheel gun (revolver), or a hlock capable of holding 20 rounds. An assault wepon ban is a solution in search of a problem. Do more research before you formulate opinions.  Hand guns should also be outlawed. They are too small and easy to conceal. Anyone could easily whip one out in a school or a convenient store.    Yes, and they could use that handgun they whipped out to kill a bad guy.   A shotgun is difficult to conceal except in large pants or a trenchcoat and is also clumsier to pull out when attacking. Furthermore, they are generally effective only at shorter ranges. Depending on the type, a shotgun generally holds 1-8 rounds. 8 rounds is more than plenty to protect your home. If you want to go hunting at longer ranges, be a real hunter and buy a bow.  A shotgun is incredibly easy to conceal. Take a hacksaw and move it in a back and forth motion over the barrel, and you will have a concealable shotgun. Devestating firepoer at short range.  Who the helll are you to tell me how many rounds I need to defend my home? Are you planning on breaking into my home? If not, you don;t have to concern yourself at ALL with how many rounds my defensive weapon of choice holds. If you are, you should know that I have 3 32 rd clips ready to go. Average police response time in my area is over 15 minutes. That is a long time to hold the fort so to speak. And that is assuming that the criminals are not bright enough to take the phones out of comission (in whihc case there will be no police).   In most amjor metropolitan areas, response time is generally 5 minutes+ (International association of Police Chiefs). That is also a long time to hold the fort, and 8 rds isn;t going ot get you very far. If you are lucky, and you are only talking a single attacker, and you hill them right off, you will be fine. If you are talking more than one guy, and they do not run off the minute they realise you are armed, 8 rounds is not enoguh. Police generally carry automatic pistols with high capacity magazines (18+rds), and they knwo they will generally have backup. Why should ahomeowner, who has no backup, be forced to rely on 8 rounds?  Let's be realistic here, you are more likely to get shot up out on the street, at work, or at school rather than by someone breaking into your home.  Which is why concealed carry needs to be allowed. You are most likely to be attacked on the street (realistically, you are more likely to be hit by lightning than to be attacked at work or school).
Hey Rev:  Last week I saw on a morning news show a debate about Moore and Bowling. The Pro-Moore guest recognized all the false facts and manipulation, but emphasized the larger "poetic picture".   Bull pucky. If the smaller pieces don't fit, there is no larger "poetic picuture".     take it a further step they also believe that clinton lieing is no big deal but if Bush did it is a huge deal.  Also you can note that most libs somehow find a right for women to have publicly funded abortions in the constitution but not a citizens right to keep and bear arms.....   go figger...
I think your awefully naive. I am glad you are a responsible gun user, however, I don't think you are any safer with them then without them. ?  That is not for you to judge what a person can and can not do when 1) They are not breaking the law 2) that activity is Constitutionally protected.  As a good citizen practicing responsible citenship it is YOUR duty to tollerate/protect other citizens practicing thier lawfull Constitutional rights, no matter what that right and gun ownership is most definately a right.   Hey how man people died from guns crime? How man of them were sucide? Did you check that? 11,000? How man of them sucide? Then isn't firearm death serious mental health issue? How does gun control cure mental illness? Are you counting sucide as a crime?
I think your awefully naive. I am glad you are a responsible gun user, however, I don't think you are any safer with them then without them. If someone wanted you dead, you'd be dead. End of story. Your guns won't save you from someone planting a bomb on your car, mowing you down leaving the quickie mart. Your guns won't save you from the wacked out neighbor kid blowing a hole in your son or daughters head at school, and they certainly won't save you when someone kidnaps them. I think you've over rated your safety.  Planting bombs in my car?? Come on. Is this really the kind of thing you worry about? Assasination attempts? You are right about being mowed down at a quickie mart, which is why I look bothe ways before crossing the street or stepping out into a parking lot. As far as the wacked out kid killing my daughter at school, I don't generally worry about that (since they are more likely to be hit by lightning). If soemthing liek that did happen here (columbine type shooting), I would certainly hope that a teacher or principal who is armed would take care of the problem. I hapen to know that several of our teachers have guns, as well as 3 of the principals at our local schools because I am on the school board and drafted the letter we all signed recognising that it was illegal in this state, but the school board would not take any action against any teacher or principal that had participated in a marksmanship program who wished to be armed while on the job. I also was one of the guys who went to the local law enforcement and helped convince them to take a non-enforcement stance on the law (was actually easy to do since rank and file cops tend to see the benifit to having law abiding citizens armed).  As far as the kids being kidnapped, they better not try it when I am there, because I will blow them away. Outside of that, I just have to take faith in the fact that I take sensible precautions to safegaurd my childrens safety. I have taught them as best I can. They don't wander around town alone, and when they wander around at home, it is with a 120 LB german shepard. Hopefully, the kidnappers will skip over them and go after your kids, since you apparently seem to think that since you cannot absolutly gaurantee their safety no precautions shou ld be taken.  This is perhaps the stupidist and most nonsensical argument I have ever heard. Sure, you cannot protect yourself against every threat, that does not mean you should not take steps to protect yourself against the ones you can. This is like somebody saying "A meteor could fall out of the sky and hit you, so you should not bother keeping a first aid kit around since it won't help you if the meteor hits you".  Pathetic logic.  There is little I can say regarding guns that I can defend myself against. The fact is that 11,000 people died to gun crime in America (2002) so obviously guns are part of the problem here.    11,000 out of 293,027,571. That is about .00003%. WHOA. .00003%, sounds like a pretty major problem to me.  Lets look at this another way. Lets say that EACH of those 11,000 deaths was from a seperate incident. The, we will say that each of those incidents was commited by a legally owned gun (though we know this is untrue, the VAST majority of gun deaths are criminal on criminal). Now, using a LOW number of leagally owned guns, we can calculate how many legal gun owners killed somebody in the comission of a crime. We will use 60,000,000. This is generally considered a good baseline number. That means that .0001% of legal gun owners killed somebody last year during the comission of a gun crime.  Now, keep in mind that the actual number is going to be MUCH lower, since the majority of gun crimes are commited using an illegally posessed gun.  So, by using the numbers most favorable to your argument, we quickly see that your argument is a bunch of bunk, and the number of gun deaths in America is statistically insignificant.   This is wht the GGs like to quote statistics the way they do. 11,000 dead sounds like a big number. Taken in context, you quickly see how trivial it is. 11,000 dead an people go "WOW , we have to do something about that". If you said .000003% of the population dead, people would go "WOW, that is great, you would think it would be more for all the fuss people are making".   That isn't a columbine demographic, it is a real government statistic. 380,000 crimes committed in America in 2002 involved a firearm. These numbers don't disturb you?    By your own statistics, firearms incidents were only 7% of all violent crime. No, these numbers don't particularly disturb me. More violent crimes were commited using knives, or fists (By FAR the highest incident of violent crime involves people using their fists). Just saying "380,000" gives you no sense of scale whatsoever, Look at it in context, and it doesn't seem so bad.  You really believe you're safer because you have guns? And you'd feel safer than that if everyone carried a concealed one? Am I missing something here? Is this a crisis of sanity?  I personally probably don't need a gun, since as your statistics point out they are used in a very small percentage of violent crimes, and VERY VERY few people are killed by guns each year. I have quite a bit of faith in my ability to defend myself unarmed. Of course, this does make me think maybe I should be a little more insistant about my wife carrying a gun all the time, since she is only 5'4" and only weighs about 120. She would not do so well aginst fists and feet.   Of course, I probably don't need a spare tire either. I have been driving for a lot of years, and have only ever had two flats. If you figure the total number of hours I have driven, and then figure in the flat tires, flat tires are statistically insignificat (though far more significant that gun deaths). I think I will keep the spare tire, though. I also probably really don't need a first aid kit, either. IT is pretty rare that people actually egt hurt and need first aid. I will probably still keep it.   I have an epinepherine shot in my refrigerator (you give epinepherine to people who are allergic to bee stings so they don;t go into anaphalactic shock and die). I keep it aournd because I have a couple of Alfalfa fields around my house, and bees are draw to alfalfa, and the kid up the road is allergic to bee stings. Of course, if you calculate the toatl cubic feet of air around the house and the fields, then factor in the number of bees, you will find that the odds of him occupying the same space as a bee is pretty slim. Should I throw it away? I think I may just hold on to it. Why? Because chance favors the prepared man.   If you are going to try to debate this, you need a better argument.
Firearm Statistics:  Firearm Victims, Violent crimes: Rape, Robbery and assault: http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/glance/percentfirearm.htm http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/glance/tables/firearmnonfataltab.htm  Weapon Statistics by age and association: http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/homicide/weapons.htm  Homicide Stats by firearms and weapons: http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/homicide/tables/weaponstab.htm ]  Hey do you know when those stats were compiled? You got some good numbers there, but NO analysis.  What do you think those numbers are saying? What kind of proper perspective regarding public policy should these numbers be considered?   This one: http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/glance/percentfirearm.htm is almost an exact inverse relationship with the stock market. Hmmm. As the market goes up, gun crime goes down. Hmmmm.
Nobody has been able to prove that gun owners are safer than non-gun owners.    Nobody has been able to prove that non-gun owners are safer than gun owners.   Wow that is easy.   So if you can not prove things one way or the other why try to infringe on my rights?   You can play around with numbers to make the problem seem insignificant. I suppose you could also say that only 3,000 people died in 9/11 and use your logic to say that it's only a small problem. If thousands of people are being killed it's not a small problem. Perhaps if somebody in your family had died of gun violence you would have a different attitude. Those numbers would mean something to you.   You can say that about cars, you can say that about anything... to most libs 3000 on 911 IS not a big number.
Nobody has been able to prove that gun owners are safer than non-gun owners.  The man has decided to defend his children and family. He has done so according to the law. It is none of your business what he does legally.
Nobody has been able to prove that gun owners are safer than non-gun owners.  Nor has anybody ever managed to prove they are not. Common sense dictates that those with the tools and skills to protect themselves are more likely to be able to do so effectively.    You can play around with numbers to make the problem seem insignificant. I suppose you could also say that only 3,000 people died in 9/11 and use your logic to say that it's only a small problem. If thousands of people are being killed it's not a small problem. Perhaps if somebody in your family had died of gun violence you would have a different attitude. Those numbers would mean something to you.  This is not playing around with the numbers to make them seem insignificant. This is statistical analysis. This is why statistics are discussed so often (and quoting raw numbers is NOT statistics). They give some perspective to the numbers. This is also why the GG's don't discuss statistics, becaue when you look at this "problem" in context it quickly becomes apparent that the "problem" does not exist, and we would be far better off spending our money elsewhere.  You are right, from a loss of life standpoint, the 9/11 attacks were nothing. From a financial standpoint (over 1 trillion lost) they were pretty significant. From an idealogical standpoint, they were devestating. Your point, please?  I am not going to bother to respond to your closing emotional plea but to say "perhapse if you had a family member saved by a gun you would feel different". You might also ask yourself how many innocent people are killed each year (thoygh we have already established that it is a statistically insignificant number, a number so small that any good statician would zero it out, and justly so, in the mane of cleaning up his data) that might have been saved had they posessed an effective tool with which to defend themsleves.
Your claim that "the GG's don't discuss statistics" if false. Michael Moore says in his book Stupid White Men "The idea that having a gun is the only way to ensure 'home protection' is a myth. Fewer than 1 out of 4 violent crimes is committed while the victim is at home. Among all the instances when guns are fired during a break-in while the owner is at home, in only 2 percent are guns used to shoot the intruder. The other 98 percent of the time, residents accidentally shoot a loved one or themselves- or the burglars take the gun and kill them with it....The vast majority of guns in America are purchased and owned- that is introduced into society- by white people. Each year about 500,000 guns are stolen, mostly from these same white people in the suburbs. And the vast majority of those guns end up in the inner city, sold cheaply or traded for legal or illegal goods and services. These white guns have caused an enormous amount of death and suffering among African-Americans. Gunfire is the number one cause of death among young blacks....So if you're white, and you'd like to help reduce the number one cause of death among young black men, here's the answer: Don't buy a gun. Don't keep one in your house or car. No guns laying around means no guns stolen to be resold in poor black neighborhoods....If you're truly concerned about your protection, get a dog. Bad guys generally don't want to tussle with a crazy barking animal with sharp teeth. You don't need a gun." (pages 78-79)  He is correct on one thing, only 1 in 4 violent crimes happen at home. That is why it is so important to ensure that every state allows concealed carry. that way, at home or not, you have the tools available to protect yourself and your family.   Among all the instances when guns are fired during a break-in while the owner is at home, in only 2 percent are guns used to shoot the intruder. The other 98 percent of the time, residents accidentally shoot a loved one or themselves- or the burglars take the gun and kill them with it....  Thisis an intersting usage of statistics, he takes one statistic, the percentage of guns in America used to shoot an intruder each year, then, through some unexplaned mystery of statistical analysis, couples it to another completely unrelated statistic (accidental shootings NOT involving break in) and then a third statistic, the burglar taking your gun and shooting you with it (which, as far as we know, has only happened twice, ever). Typical moore, edit the speaches, edit the statistics, do what it takes to twist things to your viewpoint.   The number of people who actully shoot an intruder is incredibly low. They don't have to. While somebody might be willing to die trying to protect their property, very few are willing to die trying to steal somebody elses VCR. The thing to look into is not the nuber of intruders killed, but the number captured or scared off by armed homeowners. Homeowners actually capture more burgalrs each year than the police do nationwide. way to go, guys.   I wonder if Daewoo will try to dismiss the fact that "Gunfire is the number one cause of death among young blacks" as statistically insignificant.    I won't dismiss it as statistically insignificant (though it is). I will dismiss it beacuse I simply don't care. Let's think about this for a second, why do you suppose that gunfire is the number one cause of death among young blacks? Could it be becuase we already know that over 90% of shootings are criminal on criminal, and young blacks have by far the highest rate of violent crime in the US? It probably also has something to do with the fact that the highest incidents of drug use and drug dealing is found in the young black community.  So, in a nutshell, I could care less if a bunch of gang banger crack heads want to kill each other. It makes society a better place and ensures that they do not breed. Crack babies who will grow up to be gang members and crack dealers just like daddy is about the last thing we need.  This is not an argument for gun control. This is more an argument for handing out free ammo in the inner city.   How about the fact that guns are used to commit most murders in the US?    Again, not significant. They have outlawed guns in Australia, now they are apparently having problems with people being killed by swords. No country that has enacted bans on guns has enjoyed a long term decline in murder rates. Briatain and Australias murder rates are apparently climbing. The murder rate in S Africa, where posession of a gun can get you the death penalty, is one of the highest in the world.  I don't particulalrly care how people kill each other, that is not the issue. The problem is that they do kill each otehr, and that has nothing to do wtih guns.  Will Daewoo show up at a meeting of MADD (Mothers Against Drunk Driving) and announce that the number of people killed by drunk drivers (less than 20,000) is statistically insignificant and so no one should worry about the problem. "President" Bush and Cheney might approve since they both have been arrested for drunk driving.  You are right, and apparently getting the hang of the whole "statistics" thing. 200,000 in a population of almost 300 million is statistically insignificat. Good Job!  I will not be showing up at any madd meetings because it is yet another organisation that has outlived its usefulness, yet still continues to collect huge sums of money from gullible fools by convincing them that there is some kind of problem they are trying to solve. Madd was an excellent program, it was created to push for stricter drunk driving laws. They accomplished their goal. Rather than disbanding after the goal had been accomplished, they continue to harass people for donations because by the time they had finished their useful function, it had become a multi million dollar operation.   So now, even with laws in many states that punish drunk drivers more severely than first time rapists, we still have to listen to MADD screeching about what a problem it is and how we still need to do something about it.    You seem to have a real problem getting your head around the scale we are talking here. 300 million people is a LOT. you are going to loose 20,000 here, and 10 thousand there to various causes each year, and it is no big deal. It is just one of those things that comes with having a large population (and I think you will find that the larger a population, the higer the incident of accidental death).
I didn't say that it can't be proven one way or the other. I just said you can't prove that gun owners are safer. And who's trying to infringe on another person's rights?   Using illogic, skewed statistics, revisionist history all in an attempt to violate my constitutional rights, that would be you and other gun grabbers who are trying to infringe on law abiding citizens rights. At least have the courage to say it....
And who's trying to infringe on another person's rights?  how am i infringing on anyones rights by owning a gun?
Oh, stop your witch hunt. Show me in the Constitution where it says that making an illogical argument is a violation of somebody's rights. Statistics and history that don't agree with your position are not necessarily skewed.    Witch hunt.. You and your ilk are doing everything in your power to implement your "victim disamament" program in "violation" of my civil rights. No different than "jim crow" laws and other unconstitutional drivel..
Whatever. Moore is just telling us what happens the other 98% of the time. To make it simple, if your gun is used to kill somebody there is a 98% chance that it will be kill an innocent person and a 2% chance it will kill a criminal. Pretty disturbing.    Moore, Truth, 98% do not belong in the same sentence. Nothing that guy says can be taken seriously.    I see your true colors. I find your apathetic and indifferent attitude towards the loss of human life is distressing, but you are entitled to your opinion. Crack babies and gangbangers are human beings too. By the way, murder rates have been pretty stable in Australia. And violent crime in England has declined. http://www.cse.unsw.edu.au/~lambert/guns/malcolm.html   But they kill each other. Why disarm law abiding citizens. why?
voiceofreason, you missed a question directed at you. you say "And who's trying to infringe on another person's rights? " i would like to know how am i infringing on anyones rights by owning a gun?
Whatever. Moore is just telling us what happens the other 98% of the time. To make it simple, if your gun is used to kill somebody there is a 98% chance that it will be kill an innocent person and a 2% chance it will kill a criminal. Pretty disturbing.   No, he is trying to spin it so gullible people will believe that Americans are too stupid to get up in the middle of the night and chase a burglar out of their home.  Also, you make the inferrence that those 98% are innocent persons. They are not. The majority of family on family shootings are domestic violence cases. Further, that 98% number is people you know, not necessariyl "friends or loved ones" as moore depicts. Most people who are killed in their home are killed by people they know. In all fairness, moore needs to remove the number of domestic abuse related cases, and the number of defense cases, then he can show the 40% that everybody else shows as opposed to the 98% he is trying to pass off here.    [/quote]I see your true colors. I find your apathetic and indifferent attitude towards the loss of human life is distressing, but you are entitled to your opinion. Crack babies and gangbangers are human beings too. By the way, murder rates have been pretty stable in Australia. And violent crime in England has declined. http://www.cse.unsw.edu.au/~lambert/guns/malcolm.html[/QUOTE]  Yes, gang bangers and crack babies are people too. Gang bangers choose what kind of life they want to be and what kind of person they want to be. If they choose to be the sort that get shot on the street, that is just the way it is. You can't save them all, so lets just save the most worthy.  Why do you continually quote Lambert as an expert? The man has NO qualifications to comment on this. He is a comp sci professor. I think it is a little dishonest tyo link his web bogs as some kind of research. It is not. Those blogs, though he has tried to present them as factual, are just a Comp Sci professors opinions regarding gun control.  Violent crime in England has NOT declined. They simply changed the way the reported theri violent crimes. They got called on this and ended up chnging again after several independant surveys could show nowhere near their low rates.  Here is a tbale og graphs compiled using the UN's international crime survey data:  http://www.gunsandcrime.org/crvsgraf.html
Whatever. Moore is just telling us what happens the other 98% of the time. To make it simple, if your gun is used to kill somebody there is a 98% chance that it will be kill an innocent person and a 2% chance it will kill a criminal. Pretty disturbing  Fine. Punish me if I do, but NEVER before. The removal of any of my rights before I do such a thing violates all the tenents of justice, innocence, and guilt according to common law. Until then keep your laws off my guns. Until then and AFTER I get a trial, then you can take my guns, never before. This is the way it is done under common law. Rights are removed only after a crime and a trial, never before.  Until then it is none of your business what I do.
I didn't say that you were infringing on anyone's rights by owning a gun.    Good, then why are YOU trying to infringe on our rights TO own a gun?
Baseless accusations. Why don't you stop your witchhunt? People aren't violating your rights by disagreeing with you on this forum.     Do you or Do you not wan't to impose your gun-grabbing agenda in direct violation of our constitution?
I think it's dishonest to ask such a loaded question. I don't understand how I'm imposing on anybody. How am I imposing on you by disagreeing with you? Until you can actually back up your claims all this amounts to is a witch hunt.    Its not a loaded question its a direct question. I am always wary of the individual who hides his agenda. I am very clear on my positions on gun control, you dance around yours (Example: You called my argument that you believe in the revisionist "collective" right a straw man argument. Then you started a thread were you re-confirmed that this was indeed your position) Here let me pose a more "netural" question:  Would you vote for a law banning US citizens the right to keep handguns?
And do you have more qualifications than Lambert? The first thing that I noticed about your website is that it only goes to up to 1996 when it shows crime statistics in England. What has happened since then? Violent Crime is now lower in England than it was in 1997.  My qualifications in statistics are also pretty slim. I took 5 semesters of it in college, then ran out of time for "fun" classes and had to get serious. I don't need to have any more qualification than that because, unlike lambert, I am not trying to pass myself off as an expert. You are quoting a layman as a source. This is bad form (to put it lightly). It destroys the credibility of your entire argument.   No, "violence against the person" crime as reported by the home office has continued to rise every year, and is up 28% netween 2001/2002 and 2002/2003. Their "violent against the person" does not include sexual assaults, which are up 18% on their own. These are results combining the BCS (british crime survey) and the NCRS (national crime reportig standard). The NCRS is resonsible for the "drop" in crime that the GG's keep citing. The "drop" is the result not of less crime, but the result of cooked reporting parctices designed specifically to show less crime.   You can get a spredsheet with all the data at:  http://www.homeoffice.gov.uk/rds/pdfs2/703chap3.xls
Quote: Originally Posted by emclean voiceofreason, you missed a question directed at you. you say "And who's trying to infringe on another person's rights? " i would like to know how am i infringing on anyones rights by owning a gun?   I didn't say that you were infringing on anyone's rights by owning a gun. you didn't then i missunderstood this  I didn't say that it can't be proven one way or the other. I just said you can't prove that gun owners are safer. And who's trying to infringe on another person's rights?  from post #44, could you clarifie it form me.
Assault weapons should be banned because there is no need for them. That and if they are stolen by a criminal, well, i think you know what will happen.   Here's my take on gun control and why gun control supporters are dumb and rapid anti-gun controllers are dumb as well.   This is taken from another forum:  What a joke. If you believe that our government will turn tyrannical, you'd be in the liberal party. [In refernces towards guns as defense aganist the government]  Many of those who were extreminated would have been exterminated anyways regardless of if they had guns. [in reference to those who were killed after their guns were taken]  Here is the real reason gun control is dumb.  Gun control restricts firearms from being sold to the masses. While the majority of the population is law abiding, there is always a minority that for socioecomonics, cultural, or mental conditions that turns to crime, and in the process violent crime.   Often many of the violent crimes we hear about, (Fresno anyone? 9 killed by firearms) often involve firearms. Many lead to violent endings. But what the anti-gun party fails to disclose is that many of these firearms were gotten illegally. Also, many criminals are not restricted to simply using firearms in their crimes. Many use knives, large tools, and their own body in crimes.  A fox study (2001 I think), reported that over 2 million crimes were prevented by firearms, and rape is reduced 75% if the woman has a firearm. Now, removing the firearms from citizens ensures that many, with few martial art talents, and even fewer with knife talents will be at the mercy of criminals armed with illegal firearms. Even if we can cut down on illegal weapons, criminals will simply resort to using other weapons, and crime won't go down drastically, on the otherhand, violent crimes will become far more violent. And given the current attitude towards violent crimes, the stastical rate of death penalty cases will ultimtely skyrocket. Of course, every rational person understands that increased death penalty cases and killings results in less money for social services, services which often stop people from going down the path of violent crimes. Without these services, muders will skyrocket and we will be caught in a endless vicious cycle.   But beyond the penalty's relation to gun control, disarming citizens will result in a uneven balance between criminals and law abiding citizens  Gun ownwership is a right and that is not debateable. All rights are removed or restricted by only 2 possible ways. 1) By a judge and jurry or 2) a judge and doctor. There are no other ways. If you want to take my gun rights, find a judge and get a warrent. Any other way is ILLEGAL. Unless your inventing a new form of democracy and justice system that I never heard of or voted for.  So then all your reasons above for gun control? They are not good enough. There are only 2 ways to take my gun rights. Any other way is ILLEGAL and just like anyone is has been violated, wronged, or had their civil rights violated I will fight you to my last breath on this.
I think it's dishonest to ask such a loaded question. I don't understand how I'm imposing on anybody. How am I imposing on you by disagreeing with you? Until you can actually back up your claims all this amounts to is a witch hunt.  OK. That is great you think that way, but your not just thinking that way aren't you. Your also acting on it.
Assault weapons should be banned because there is no need for them. That and if they are stolen by a criminal, well, i think you know what will happen.    I'm sorry, maybe I am missing the obvious, but what will happen? Even before the AWB, assault weapons accounted for only a VERY small number of guns used in the comission of crimes. Maybe you could enlighten me. What exactly are the dire consequnces to having assault weapons out there?   What a joke. If you believe that our government will turn tyrannical, you'd be in the liberal party. [In refernces towards guns as defense aganist the government]  Every government eventually turns tyrannical . It has always been this way, throughout recorded history. Why would you feel the United States is any differnt? This must be either a canadian or a brit talking. The liberal party in the united states is currently just a concept (you can find out more about it at http://www.thebird.org/), unless you are talking about the liberal party of NY state (www.liberalparty.org).  Many of those who were extreminated would have been exterminated anyways regardless of if they had guns. [in reference to those who were killed after their guns were taken]  Yes, many probably would have, some probably would not have. The only thing we can say for sure is that they would have had one hell of a lot better chance if they had been armed, and they would have at least taken some of the bad guys with them.  What other forum is this from? I would like to see what else these geniuses have to say.  The rest of your post I like.
Besides, what need is there for assault weapons? It's not like you go hunting duck with a machine gun, well, unless you like swiss duck.    What need, how about target practice? Why would an &#8220;assault weapon&#8221; be unsuited for hunting? All rifles classed as assault weapons are semi automatic, which usually means there is less felt recoil, which can make a big difference if you have physical limitations.  Assault weapon dose NOT = machine gun. If you want a machine gun you fill out a lot more paperwork. Machine guns are like other collectibles, the people who collect them take care of them, and there right to keep them.
I don't think this is going to happen anytime soon, but if a constitutional amendment which removes the 2nd one was accepted in the usual procedure, would you then accept your right to own guns to have vanished? but that would be far to straght forward. they (the GG's) would have to put all there cards on the table, and face the facts.
While they do represent a minority, the amount of deaths is substanitially higher then with non-assualt weapons. Not to mention that often far more police are needed, and the situation is far harder to deal with with vastly more danger. Besides, what need is there for assault weapons? It's not like you go hunting duck with a machine gun, well, unless you like swiss duck.    Not really. Most assault weapons used in crimes are never fired, and when they are, the death toll is generally no higher than whith regular weapons. The exception is the school massacre type scenario, in which case a teacher with a pistol could handle the situation quickly and easily. An assault weapon is no more dangerous tnah a standard pistol, and in many ways less dangerous, since they lack concealability and maneuverability.  But your weapons won't save you from tanks and attack helicopters, not to mention cruise missiles. I'll conced you that point however. However, this can be prolonged.    Yes, they potentially could. A squad support class machine gun is more than capable of taking down a low flying helicopter if used correctly. That same gun can be used to harass a tank crew and keep their heads down while you get somebody on foot up to the vehicle itself in order to disable it. In addition, machine guns are commonly used to destry reactive armor, so you can take the tank with your garden variety RPG.   Take a look at the Afghanis strategy against the soviets, the RUFs strategy against ECOMOG troops, and the columbian guerillas strategy against government troops. All of these groups have routinely used man protable machine guns effectively against aircraft and armored vehicles. In addition to the ability to take down a helicopter in the air, a meduim to heavy machine gun can be devestating against aircraft on the ground, particularly a belt or link fed unit.   Yes, we can prolong the inevitable, but it is still inevitable. The problem with this is that it is rarely apparent to the citizens of any particular country that their government is turning tyrannical until it is too late to do anything about it. Then, you end up withan unarmed citizenry facing a tyrannical government.  This is why our constitution is so difficult to change. Our founding fathers, in their wisdom, realised that if they made it too easy there was a danger that we would squander rights today that we may someday wish we still had. Trading liberty for percieved security is a poor bargain.  Nope. Utiliarian American here.    Then why are we recommending a political party that does not exist?  Point is, they would have been killed either way. The argument presented on this notion is that these weapons will secure our lives aganist a tyrannical government. What a joke, what good will your assualt rifle do when you're facing a 90 ton tank armed with a barrel wider then your body?    Maybe, maybe not. Tyranny has been resisted sucessfully many times throughout history.  If you ever need to take out a 90 ton tank with a barrel wider than your body (you must be pretty thin), here is how you do it. You have to concentrate fire on the tank, preferably the front of the tank. You need to give enough fire to keep everybodies head down and their attention focused. Position somebody on foot with either a shaped charge or a heavy sachel charge to the rear of the tank. They have to come up on the rear of the tank and position that chage either where it will take the tread and belly out (in the case of a satchel charge) or take out either the engine or the turrent (in the case of a shaped charge). I have an awesome video of some RUF gusy doing this on an ECOMOG armored troop transport. Works great. An armored vehicles greatest strength is also its greatest weakness. You have 180 degree protection, but limited speed and visibility.  What good will a USAS do aganist a bomber that's releasing 500 lb bombs from 30,000 feet? No good. There is no argument here. You will die if the government turns tyrannical. They have more weapons, better weapons and more supplies. You can't fight a jet fighter with a AK.    This is true. Bomber at 30,000 ft, not a whole lot you can do about it. Bomber on the ground is easy to handle, assuming you are well enough armed. I think if you want to see guys with small arms taking on the greatest military the world has ever seen, you just need to turn on one of the news channels. We couldn't even get falujja back, instead havingt o withdraw our troops and send in an Iraqi who was buddy buddy with the insurgents. You really thinkt eh US military would do any better at home? Iraqs has a realtively small population when compared to the population of the US, and we can't handle the guerillas there. How do you think we would deal with guerilla fighters here?  The key to preventing tyrannical governments is open government and active citizen participation. When the citizenary can see where the money is going and what's happening, it's hard for the government to go all 1984 on us.    Then you had better get some guns, because less than half the federal budget is available for direct public scrutiny.   Stopping gun control is to prevent crimes. Not to defend aganist a future tyrants.    From a logical standpoint, yes. From a constitutional standpoint, no.   I don't think this is going to happen anytime soon, but if a constitutional amendment which removes the 2nd one was accepted in the usual procedure, would you then accept your right to own guns to have vanished?  No, I wqould not accept that the right to own guns has vanished. The right to own guns is not granted by the US government, and they cannot remove it. That is the differnce between a right and a privelage. By definition a right is untouchable. It cannot be removed, rejected or revoked by the government. The governments only function in regards to rights is to ensure that they are protected.
I did not say anything about the US government.  However, do you say that the same authority, whatever it may be, that granted this right in first instance (and it is not what some people might call a God-given right) is unable to revoke it?  Your entire post was regarding the second ammendment. Who else would try to remove this right if not the government?  The rights listed in the bill of rights are natural right. You get those rights simply because you were born. End of story. Who would remove them? Nobody granted them (rigths cannot be granted), therefore there is nobody who could remove them.
come on daewoo, we all know that an Army with modern equipment (for example the US army) will stop any restancewith mostly small arms (like AK47's) in no time flat. just becoulse you know the terane, and teh people around there it would not help at all. just look at how easy it is in Iraq! emoticon_xgood   ot top a tank with only small arme, first sneek up and shoot the driver when he is exposed, next throw an excelerant at tank and light.
True. Assault weapons at the moment don't have a accurate definition. I'm simply going on high rate of fire usually with large caliber rounds. AKA a SAW.  Most assault weapons fire a smll round. The M-16 fires a .223! the AK fires a 7.62/39 (same caliber but WAY less power than a .308).    Then you'd have no problem if we made it inoperable then. emoticon_xhoho    Speaking as somebody who owns several of them, this would be a BIG problem. They are fun to shoot, and we pay thousands of dollars fro the privelage. You can buy a "wallhanger" uzi fro a few hundred bucks. A nice FA uzi is more like 5 grand.   And you have proof of this?    http://www.guncite.com/gun_control_gcassaul.html http://www.guncite.com/journals/rational.html http://www.awbansunset.com/crime.html   But at the same time pack large rounds with high rates of fire. Explain to me how a gun that can litterally mow down people is less dangerous then a gun that at maximum can kill 15-25 people assuming the shooter has absolultely perfect aim.    I keep hearing about assault weapons "mowing people down", yet nobody has ever managed to provide me with an example of this. Even in situations that we know about where a machine gun has been fired into a crowd, people were not "mowed down" It just doesn't work like that. If you want to kill a bunch of people with a firearm, aimed fire is the only way to go. You spray bullets into a crowd, you might expect to kill 3 people and wound 6 more with a 30 round clip. By contrast, you can expect to l=kill somebody with every shot with aimed firing being done by a competent shooter.   Oh boy, a extremist.    Nope, just been there, done that, know how it works. If small arms were so inconsequential, why do we bothe rissuing them to all our troops?  Assuming the helicopter doesn't launch missiles at you long before it's in range. That also assumes the pilot isn't straffing you with his multiple machine guns and isn't firing salvos of short range missiles at you. Mighty big assumptions.    Not at all. The idea is to stay hidden until theyare in range (DUH. You wouldn;t make a very good revolutionary).  As for the tank, that all assumes you aren't simply crushed by the tank, not killed by the main gun, not mowed down by the initial attack, and will actually fire back at a fully automatic machine gun that's pointed at you. Besides, work is being down to control the machine gun from below. They already have it on Hummers.    I guess you just have to be careful, and intelligent. The odds of being shot by the main gun are pretty low. IT moves too slow (unless you are quite a wys out, you can outrun the turrent swing on ANYT tank). Yes, you can already control the machine gun from below on many tanks as well. The machine gun is generally the first thing to go in such a firefigt. It only takes a singe round in the reciever to put it out of comission. I think you are missing the part about the firing on the tank simply being a diversinary tactic to let your guy get in close enough to use his charge. We know this has worked literlaly thousacnds of times in Afgahanistan, korea, and several places in africa. Trust me, it works.  Are you actually supporting owning weapons designed for war as a civilian? Remind me not to live by you.    I already own several weapons designed for war. I own several machine guns, a flamethrower, and 2 grenade launchers. Pls, don't come live by me. Around here, we enjoy the relative security that comes from not having a bunch of unarmed folks around. Our crime rate is negligeble, but our firearm ownership rate is through the roof. We must be doing something right, and frankly don't need folks like yourself screwing up our decent community.  Irrevelant to gun control. It only worked because we supplied them top of the line military grade weapons.   BS. We supplied the Afghanis with NATO weapons, which were inferior to the soviets weapons. The only "top of the line military grade weapons" we ever supplied them in any number is stinger missiles.   Exactly how can a machine gun take out a plane that is not only flying at MACH 2, but is several thousand feet above you?  You can't. I have said this at least 8 times now. You have to hit them ont he ground.  Often with the support of a foreign power.    Sometimes yes, sometimes no.  And how are you suppose to take out a 90 ton tank that has infantry and air support?    Tanks don't have infantry support. Tanks support infantry, not the other way around. Air support is somewhat problematic, but not extremely. When fighting an enemy with air support the key is to either hit and run, or over run their position or get so close that their air support can't hit you without taking them, too. If you are right in there with them, their air support units have to get right on top of you in order to distinguish friend from foe. If you were smart, you kept a couple of heavy machine gunners in reserve to take down the choppers (since planes are worthless in such a situation, it is unlikely they would use them). There are several variations on this that have been shown to work. You aren't much of a tactician, are you?  As for the bomber, if they considered you a threat, and if they were tyrannical, odds are, it's carpet bombing time. We didn't do that in Iraq for OBVIOUS reasons. Your point is only valid if the government is trying to keep collateral damage down and wants to keep the populace in its favor. A tyrannical govenment doesn't care either.    This is just ignorant. No government in the history of the world ahs carpetbombed its own population. The business of governemtn is to consolidate power, and the more people you have power overm the greater your power is. If youkill of huge numbers of your own population by carpet bombing them, you have effectively lost the war, since there is nobody left to govern. Who want to be the government of nothing?   True, but we still have some rational, fiscal conseravatives in power. Not many, defintitely not in the whitehouse, but they are still there. However, we do know where 60% of the money is going. It's mandated by law. Simply go look it up. it's not like 80% was going into black ops. That would be scary and justification to own pretty much anything.  I am not sure there is a tru fiscal conservative left on the hill anywhere. There are many that calim to be, but none that vote that way consistently.   We do knwo what departments and in some cases what projects 60% of the budget goes to, but still less than half is open to direct public scrutiny (think public audit).
Are you sure you even read the post? I think you just assumed it was pro-gun control and went off from there.     I do remember saying supporters of gun control are dumb.     Um, considering much of the post was infavor of the anti-gun control side, there are only two reasons for banning assault weapons of high ROF. You don't need a machine gun to go hunting. Nor do you need it for defense. A gat or a shotgun will easily suffice. A assault weapon with high ROF is completely unnecessary. The people who use assault weapons in civilian life are the criminals. Making more avaliable simply ensures more violent rampages. You don't need a assault weapon to stop an assault weapon. A single 9mm to the head will do the job easily.  Your nuts. Who says so? Who says that all I need is a 9mm. Does the army run around with just 9mm in Iraq vs insurgent assault weapons?  Whose 'expert' opinion says all I need is a 9mm? Sir I suggest you get some advise from real experts before you get someone killed.  What I 'need' is none of you business. That is not for you to decide. What I decide I need for this very personal life and death matter is none of your business. I use an assault weapon. So what are you talking about I'm a criminal ****.
True. Assault weapons at the moment don't have a accurate definition. I'm simply going on high rate of fire usually with large caliber rounds. AKA a SAW.  i think you miss understant the rait of fire. an assault rifle has the same rate of fire as outher semi autos, one round for each trigger pull.   have you ever firered a gun? i am not trying to flame just wondering if you are speeking from experance, or what you have read.
  So you're saying these are some kind of God-given rights? What about those who are not US citizens? Do they automatically get the same rights that are mentioned in the Bill of Rights?.  Yes the are God given. Please read the Decleration of Independance, people are "that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights".  Non US Citizens also have rights. Not the full rights of citizenship. Yes non-US citiznes have the right to vote, not in OUR country, but in thiers. Same for al the rights specific to a US citizen.
Those who can make amendments. They usually also happen to be involved in the government, but that's more or less coincidence and a side effect of being in a position which enables someone to create new amandments. Last time i checked amandments were created by popular initiatives, using the "Oregon System".  Yes, but they still cannot remove a right. No person, or group of people, can do this.  So you're saying these are some kind of God-given rights? What about those who are not US citizens? Do they automatically get the same rights that are mentioned in the Bill of Rights? What's the point of the Bill or Rights if these rights do not need it to exist?  According to the bill of rights, yes, they should have these same right. It could be argued that they DO have these rights, they are just being kept from exercising these god given rights. Unfortunatly, at some point in time, the US government decided that they are not bound by the constitution when dealing with foreign policy. this is unfortunate, as a good deal of the problems we have in such regards would never have occured had our leaders not made this unfortunate decision.  It's a fact that the bill of rights amendments are not inadmissable - if the 2nd one gets nullified by another new amendments, then your legal right to own weapons is gone.    You might wish to advise the supreme court of this. they seems to have disagreed on at least a dozen occasions. According to them, the rights contained int he bill of rights predate the constitution, and as such are untouchable.  You might say that you have some kind of moral or God-given right, but for legal purposes, and the USA are a secular nation, this is irrelevant.  No, it is not. Our entire society and government is based on the concept of god given rights, though we have since changed the terminology to "natural rights" to placate those who have trouble understanding that freedom OF religion does not necessarily gaurantee freedom OF religion.
Then however the USA must acknowledge that these rights apply to all mankind. I don't really think God gave US citizens rights that he denied others to have.  Besides, how did the authors of the Declaration of Independence know that God gave them these rights? As far as i know the Bible never mentions God not wanting troops to be quartered in other people's houses.  Didn't they just merely claim this, perhaps because it sounds nice?   I have the same God given rights as all humans on this Earth. We all have the right to vote, the right to property, the right to contract, and the right to own guns as stated in the Constitution. All humans don't get the right to vote in MY country. They have the right to vote in thier own. That is thier happenstance if they are denied thier rights in thier own country and not any fault in reasoning on MY Constitution.  The Declearation of Independance is the very start of our liberty. It has to start somewhere. How do the authors know? I have my rights by "Laws of Nature and of Nature's God entitle". Plus the Constitution is establised by The People. "WE THE PEOPLE" starts the Constitution and notice the large size of "WE THE PEOPLE". We the People ordain this Consitution. The rights were always there, The People took them back by force of arms.  The Supreme Court does not make amendments, that would be illegal. The 2nd Amendment is here to stay and the Supreme Court can not do a thing about it.  What are you talking about? First Comandment says I can't own a gun? Your crazy. Jesus Christ himself was fine with Peter carrying a sword. Who says I'm going to kill with my guns. I never have and hope that I never will.   The Constitution is also law. The 3rd Amendment made the quarting of troops illegal. WW2? What are you talking about. Quartering of troops. Where?
 have shown up a massive problem with these rights being granted by God. Please explain how these rights can claim to be of godly origin if the Bible doesn't state things like a Godly right not to have troops quartered in your house, and with the very first amendment being in direct contradiction to God's explicit statement that you do not have freedom of religion.  Since the "godly origin" of these rights is contradicting itself and not really supported in scripture, and since these rights being "natural" rights is merely a claim that is not supported by anything which actually holds authority for this matter, who gave you these rights? You got them from "the people". And "the people" can revoke them.  the Constitution sais nothing of the rights being from God. that is your belefe over riding what is written. the rights come from "our creator", if you beleve that is the biblickl God, then that is your right (under the first Amendment), but if another wants to beleve it is the cosmic boorer, that is also there right.  it is written as to NOT promote one religon over outhers. yes all the framers were christion, but they left room in for all outher religions.   i am still wondering VOR, and Astaroth, have either of you speen amy time in a range fireing guns, or are you just going from what you have been told?
Then however the USA must acknowledge that these rights apply to all mankind. I don't really think God gave US citizens rights that he denied others to have.  Besides, how did the authors of the Declaration of Independence know that God gave them these rights? As far as i know the Bible never mentions God not wanting troops to be quartered in other people's houses.  Didn't they just merely claim this, perhaps because it sounds nice?  However, if we assume that these rights are indeed God given, then they necessarily apply to all mankind (or at least Christian mankind if you want to insist on that part), and so does the third amendment, about not quartering troops. The USA did exactly that during WW2, on a big scale. So either there was a major violation of the intent of the Constitution that no-one cared about (thus reducing its authority), or there is something wrong with that argumentation of these rights being God given...  I hadn't read this part of your post when i wrote the above, but it seems that you agree to alternative one, the major violation which got ignored.  And our government routinely disregards the constitution in formulating their foreign policy. This is just wrong. While I understand that we cannot force other nations to recognise the rights of their population, we also do not have to bn active participant in it. We never should have supported a dictator like saddam, or tyrants like the house of Saud. If England wants to ban weapons, that is quite alright, but we should not trade with htem as long as they are violating the human rights of their citizens.  The origin of most basic laws is religion in very most nations, but once these laws are there their origin doesn't really hold any authority anymore. Otherwise, how can the freedom of religion fit with the First Commandment, in which God supposedly very clearly expresses his opinion about this. So by definition freedom of religion can't be a God-given, or as later renamed "natural" right, which undermines (i'm tempted to say "disproves") the entire concept of the Bill of Rights being God-given rights.    Not at all, especially when you consider that many of the founding fathers were not christians, but diests. Diests were kind of a funny group that cropped up, became very popular for a while, then died out ratehr quickly. They believed in God, but not necessarily the bible or organised religion. The majority of the founders were christian, but recognised that otehrs must also be given the freedom to worship as they see fit.   They might be considered to be untouchable now, but as you said yourself, the supreme court disagrees quite often, and it's finally the supreme court's decision to decide if these first ten amandments are inadmissable or not. However, this directly implies that it is possible for the supreme court to decide in one occasion that they in fact are admissable - and if there is such a huge majority in the population that they can create a new amandment, then it is reasonable to assume that they eventually also have a majority in the supreme court.    This leads to a sticky situation for the American people who would, should this time come, be forced to decide if by nullifying the entire concept of human rights our court had turned tyrannical (which would pretty much mean that our government had turned tyrannical). Hopefully we never see this day, though I susupect that we someday will (probably not in my lifetime, and most likely not int he lifetime of my children). A government that fails to recognise that there are basic human rights which cannot be tampered with is a dangerous one indeed.  Since an amandment theoretically can be blocked by as few as 4% of the population, my "what if" question is a purely theoretical one, it's not going to happen at least during the next 50 years.  Agreed  However, i find it rather interesting that the current right to own weapons seems to be considered to be God given "more" than many others.  I would disagree with this one. Most gun owners and gun rights activists seem to be jeffersonians, "I may disagree with what you say but will fight to the death for your right to say it" kind of guys. On the other hand, most of the leftists groups (the ACLU is a big one) tend to focus on a few righta that they find appealing (such as free speech) and either disregard or actually campaign against the ones they find objectionable (RKBA).   Lately, we do see some pretty odd changes in the right that I personally feel is rather disconcerting, but I think is the result of the "lesser of two evils" political system that we find ourselves contending with. The most startling example I can think of in recent history is the whole Gitmo thing. I was more than a little shocked to hear my fellow Americans, many of them ardent supporters of individual rights, making excuses and argument for being able to detain men without trial, charges, or access to the courts. It was chilling to here these folks aregue that the government is not constrained by the constitution in certain situations. Strange times indeed.
you forgot group 4, it is just plain fun to put holes in paper, and to turn clay disks into dust. emoticon_xhoho
All I can say is that I feel sorry for the poor individual that comes thru my door to take my gun away.......Although he will probobly leave with a part of my gun in him.....   emoticon_xkill emoticon_frazzled
Under the current definition, which is flawed. An assault weapon can empty is clip on full auto in seconds. funny none of the "assalt weapons" that i have will do that, and the law dosent cover full-automatic weapons. The term ''semiautomatic assault weapon'' means -  (A) any of the firearms, or copies or duplicates of the firearms in any caliber, known as -  (i) Norinco, Mitchell, and Poly Technologies Avtomat Kalashnikovs (all models);  (ii) Action Arms Israeli Military Industries UZI and Galil;  (iii) Beretta Ar70 (SC-70);  (iv) Colt AR-15;  (v) Fabrique National FN/FAL, FN/LAR, and FNC;  (vi) SWD M-10, M-11, M-11/9, and M-12;  (vii) Steyr AUG;  (viii)INTRATEC TEC-9, TEC-DC9 and TEC-22; and  (ix) revolving cylinder shotguns, such as (or similar to) the Street Sweeper and Striker 12;  (B) a semiautomatic rifle that has an ability to accept a detachable magazine and has at least 2 of -  (i) a folding or telescoping stock;  (ii)a pistol grip that protrudes conspicuously beneath the action of the weapon;  (iii)a bayonet mount;  (iv) a flash suppressor or threaded barrel designed to accommodate a flash suppressor; and  (v) a grenade launcher;  (C) a semiautomatic pistol that has an ability to accept a detachable magazine and has at least 2 of -  (i) an ammunition magazine that attaches to the pistol outside of the pistol grip;  (ii)a threaded barrel capable of accepting a barrel extender, flash suppressor, forward handgrip, or silencer;  (iii)a shroud that is attached to, or partially or completely encircles, the barrel and that permits the shooter to hold the firearm with the non-trigger hand without being burned;  (iv) a manufactured weight of 50 ounces or more when the pistol is unloaded; and  (v) a semiautomatic version of an automatic firearm; and  (D) a semiautomatic shotgun that has at least 2 of -  (i) a folding or telescoping stock;  (ii) a pistol grip that protrudes conspicuously beneath the action of the weapon;  (iii)a fixed magazine capacity in excess of 5 rounds; and  (iv) an ability to accept a detachable magazine.   the law coverinf full auto is from 1936.  "assault weapons" are not diffrent from outher semi-auto's, they just look "more scary"
Um, last time I checked, the majority, if not all of them, were standard issue to some military. Also, last time I checked, them majority of those weapons can go full auto.  Yeah, so...... I have a full auto AR-15 emoticon_xkill . Guns dont kill people, people kill people. Also, if you look at the death statistics for guns, 91 % of people die from handguns, 7% from shotguns, and 2% from assault weapons.   Guns should not be banned or taken away. We should prevent stupid people form getting them. I'll tell you right now that if one of these "ban all gun" wakos gets a law passed, Police will not enforce it, it would be to dangerous for them to do.
Um, last time I checked, the majority, if not all of them, were standard issue to some military. Also, last time I checked, them majority of those weapons can go full auto.  go to your local gun store and ask for a full auto rifle. alos the issued rifles for the army and usmc (M16 and M4) do not have a full auto cabibilaty, thy do ho ever have a 3 round burst.  if you read the bigger quote from my last post the first line tells you the law is only covering SEMI-AUTO.
But the speed at which the projectile leaves the barrel is astounding.    No, it is not. It is no greater than a .270 or 30-06, or even a good .308. The ignorance of GG's in this regard is incredible. Assault rifles are generally less powerful, not more, than other weapons. Some exceptions do, of course, exist, like a 9mm UZI, which is no more or no less powerful than a 9mm singleshot.  The .223 is a "hypervelocity" round, which seems to imply to some that it is something special. It is not, most modern rounds are "hypervelocity" rounds.   Has it occured to you that the reason the number of "assault weapon" crimes is low is because there are strict laws prohibiting them yet the laws for hand guns, the weapon on choice, are much looser?    No, because even with the AWB in place, assault weapons are less strictly regulated than handguns. Handguns you ave to be 21 to purchase, assault weapons you only have to be 18. You are extremely uninformed on this topic, aren't you?  The rest of the argument is irrevelant. The government will kill you should it turn tyrannical. Your arms, short a tac nuke, won't save you. Therefore the argument that your weapons will defend you aganist a tyrannical government is moot. If they have to, they will carpet bomb you. Nothing short of a full defense network of SAMs armed with stealth detectors will save you then.  you are also poorly informed in modern militarty tactics, huh?   Give a good gunsmith an hour or two and they can make it full auto. Aks formerly brought in under the disguise of being semi-autos can be changed back into full auto in less then 30 minutes.    In 2 hours, I can build you one from scratch. That's what CNC machines and waterjets are for. This is a pretty poor argument. When I was in high school, kids used to use coke cans as makeshift pipes for smoking weed. Should we label coke cans as paraphinalia and outlaw them? So, since you can very easily build a full auto weapon in a matter of an hour or 2 (depending on how good you want it) using a CNC mill and a few pieces of stock material, should we also outlaw CNC mills and metal stock? This would ensure that we are all safe.   I ask the question again: What do you need a assualt weapon for? A shotgun can take virtually anyone down who's robbing your house. A bolt action rifle can take virtually anyone down if hit in the correct spot. A gat can stop anyone; 1 to the head, two to the heart. No one here has even presented a decent argument on why you need assault weapons, thus this leads me to believe that no one really knows why they need them.  1. The US army, after years of experince in conflict situations, has determined that the best armament for a foot soldier is one with a high rate of fire and a large magazine. Are you saying they are wrong? If a shotgun or a "gat" was a superior weapon, all our soldiers would be lugging around shotguns.   BTW, what the hell is "gat"?   2. I don't have to demonstrate a "need" for one, to you or anybody else. I have the right to own as many as I wish.
I ask the question again: What do you need a assualt weapon for? A shotgun can take virtually anyone down who's robbing your house. A bolt action rifle can take virtually anyone down if hit in the correct spot. A gat can stop anyone; 1 to the head, two to the heart. No one here has even presented a decent argument on why you need assault weapons, thus this leads me to believe that no one really knows why they need them.  is the only reason to have something need? is there no room for a device thet is soley used for hobies? my guns are not for defence, i do not carry a weapon with me, and i feel thet my dog, and swords are all i need for home defence. but shouldn't the "need" be left up to the indivigual to decide?  if you go to the original quetion "why do you want to take MY guns?" there has been no decent argument as to why you think i should not have the 2 assault rifles, and assault shotgun i have.
 Have you ever thought about why assault weapons are so low? Stingent laws on object A limits their use and accesibility. Lax laws on object B allow easy access and easy use. The number of death and destruction events caused by large truck accidents is so low compared to regular cars because the lisence to drive one is much harder to achieve, but a regular lisecene is bloody easy. Are you going to refute that things that are easily accesible are less likely to cause damage? .   Uh....are you kidding me.... Other that what the above people mentioned, Assault weapons range from about $1000 to 10,000 dollars, where you can get a cheap handgun for about $150...I don't know you go figure it out. Think of an Assault weapon as a Ferrari, not everbody has one....   I ask the question again: What do you need a assualt weapon for? A shotgun can take virtually anyone down who's robbing your house. A bolt action rifle can take virtually anyone down if hit in the correct spot. A gat can stop anyone; 1 to the head, two to the heart. No one here has even presented a decent argument on why you need assault weapons, thus this leads me to believe that no one really knows why they need them  Have you ever tried shooting somebody in your hose with a shotgun, you would actually be better off with a hand gun, a shotgun is a little to big and bulky in the tight restrants of hallways emoticon_rolleyes Also, I would love to see you take sombody down with a bolt action rifle :p Unless sombody is stanging 10 feet in front of you, or your a trained sniper, you don't have a chance.  And last but not least, becasue I want one. And nobody is going to tell me differently. Just like I have a F-250 with a V-10 that gets only 10 MPG. I dont tow anything heavy enough to warrent it....but so what "I WANTED IT" and I bought it......This is AMERICA not RUSSIA.
Lets make sure we are all on the came page here.  A couple of definitions:  REAL assault weapons: Man portable, selective fire weapon (single, and either burst or full auto). Require a special tax stamp from the BATF in order to own one.  Current Legal definition of assault weapon: (B) a semiautomatic rifle that has an ability to accept a detachable magazine and has at least 2 of -  (i) a folding or telescoping stock;  (ii)a pistol grip that protrudes conspicuously beneath the action of the weapon;  (iii)a bayonet mount;  (iv) a flash suppressor or threaded barrel designed to accommodate a flash suppressor; and  (v) a grenade launcher;  (C) a semiautomatic pistol that has an ability to accept a detachable magazine and has at least 2 of -  (i) an ammunition magazine that attaches to the pistol outside of the pistol grip;  (ii)a threaded barrel capable of accepting a barrel extender, flash suppressor, forward handgrip, or silencer;  (iii)a shroud that is attached to, or partially or completely encircles, the barrel and that permits the shooter to hold the firearm with the non-trigger hand without being burned;  (iv) a manufactured weight of 50 ounces or more when the pistol is unloaded; and  (v) a semiautomatic version of an automatic firearm; and  (D) a semiautomatic shotgun that has at least 2 of -  (i) a folding or telescoping stock;  (ii) a pistol grip that protrudes conspicuously beneath the action of the weapon;  (iii)a fixed magazine capacity in excess of 5 rounds; and  (iv) an ability to accept a detachable magazine.   Basically, scary looking guns.   Submachine gun: Man portable, select fire weapon which fires a pistol cartrige. Any SMG configured weapon which is not capable of either FA fire or burst fire is NOT an SMG, though it MAY be an assault rifle by the current legal definition.  Now, exactly which of these are you folks opposed to? Real assault weapons fall under the classification of "NFA firearms" and the current assault weapon ban has nothing at all to do with them.  NFA firearms are fully automatic (except in the case of SBR's) and require fingerprints, a letter from your chief LE officer, and a couple hundred bucks. Tehy cost anywhere from $600-$15,000 dollars.  Assault weapons, per the current legal definition, require a background check if purchased through a dealer. you must be 18 yrs old to purchase one, and they cost between $250 and $10,000, depending on model and condition.   Handguns are available at any gun dealer and usually you can buy one out of the paper. You must be 21 to buy one, and they cost between $100 and $3000 generally (though some uncommon ones or collectors items will cost upwards of $10,000).   I think there are some here that are confusing "assault weapons" (per the current legal definition) with NFA firearms (which are fully automatic).
If you think that's the case, then we need to ban motorcycles because you can get somewhere just as easily in a car, but motorcycles are more dangerous. why do we "NEED" cars? why not ues horses? thet would create a lot of new jobs, reduce the dependancy on the mid-east, and allow us to conserve more resorces.
You can collect whatever you want bud, I couldn't give a :xcensored .  BTW a "gat" is slang for a HANDGUN, any HANDGUN not just the 9mm.  You aren't going to stop anybody with a shotgun in your house. If it was me breaking into your house, I would take that thing away from you in a second...please. Only a handgun would be safe to use in your house XXXXX. I would see that big barrel coming around the corner, and I would cap you thru the wall, wayed to go hero! I dont keep assault rifles for home protection. If you shoot an assault weapon in your house the bullet would most likely shoot thu every wall in the house and kill sombody you probobly did not intend to.  Let me tell you right now, I have been around guns for many years and I am proffesionally proficent with many weapons. You could not hit a moving target with a bolt action. Many highly trained snipers cannot hit moving targets. Have you even tried shooting a moving target with a handgun, while your moving....very hard,and takes alot of practice. Most cops empty their clips and do not hit the person intended.  You obviosly have no clue on how weapons work, or about shooting tactics, so I would suggest sticking to the items you do know.  And what is this "if the government goes tyrannical" are you kidding joker, get real.
Can you point me to the law on this?   Haven't seen you argue why you need it.   Sure, gun control act of 1968 pertinent text reads:  (1) any firearm or ammunition to any individual who the licensee knows or has reasonable cause to believe is less than eighteen years of age, and, if the firearm, or ammunition is other than a shotgun or rifle, or ammunition for a shotgun or rifle, to any individual who the licensee knows or has reasonable cause to believe is less than twenty-one years of age;  Have to be 21 to purchase a handgun, 18 for a rifle or shotgun.   You probably don't need it. Of course, could you please demonstrate for me why you need the right to vote, or the rigth to free speech? You probably really don't. For some reason, though, I have this idea ticking around in my head that these are important.  You need it because guns are power. Some peoples claim that free speech is power, or the right to vote is power. This is nothing, though folks who are speaking or voting can easily be shot. Power in the united states is ultimatly supposed to lie with the citizens, therefore the citizens need to have enough guns, and guns of suitable design, to ensure that power remains with the people. 60 million people talking creats a lot of hot air. 60 million people shooting creates change.   As are you. A tyrannical government will simply carpet bomb you, you make like it hasn't happend in the past. Explain to me how a assualt weapon will be able to stop a bomber at 30,000 feet. Oh wait, you can't.    Uh, no, I am well versed in modern military tactics. No government in history has ever carpet bombed their own population. No government ever will. That would almost certainly turn even more of your own against you, and there is no point in being a tyrannical government if you have no one to rule. you keep tossing out this "carpet bombing" thing. It has never, ever, even once, in all of history, happened. Lets quite harping on it. Even in the event that it DID occur, it is not as effective as many seem to think. we carpet bombed the hell out of vietnam, and we still lost.     Last time I checked, civilian life wasn't based around war. Weapons used in war and weapons used to defend your house are very different. As for Shotguns, they do bring them, but the automatic type, such as a USAS (but a stabler version, considering the mishaps with that one).    Weapons used in war and weapons used to defend your house are not at all different when it comes to standard arms. Maneuverable weapons with high capacity magazines are the best option for defense. End of story.  The current standard issue shotgun for the US military is the M1014. It is made by benelli and based on the popular super 90 (which is available for civilian consumption at most gun stores. Prior to this, the remington 870 and Mossberg 500 were the official issue combat shotguns. The USAS was made in S Korea and was never oficially issued to US troops. The reson for the switch fromt he 807 and 500 is that they determined that they were too combersome to use in a restrictive environment (I.E inside a building). They will still not be general issue combat weapons (nor have they ever) and instead will be reserved for special forces and perimeter security operations.   This makes me wonder if you know anything or are just a really good bser. A gat is a .9 mm common knowledge.    Actually, I looked it up. The definition I saw did not say 9mm, just that it was "common urban slang for a handgun". I am too old to bother keeping up with the current verbal idiosyncracies in use by inner city youth. I am guessing that, from your viewpoints, you are not from the inner city. Apparently poor english is leaking out and infecting the rest of us. Sad.  So you'd have no problem with me pointing SAWs and LAWs at your house? Or morters as well? Perhaps tank cannons?  Actually, yes, sicne pointing a wepaon at somebody is a crime. If you wanted to store them in a safe manor and in accordance with the law, I have no problem with this.  NO ONE HERE HAS PRESENTED A NEED FOR A WEAPON OF WAR.    a. several legitimate uses have been presented b. there is absolutly no reason for anybody to present a "need". it is a right, that is all the justification that is required.  Perhaps you could present the argument for doing away with these weapons (that you apparently know little or nothing about). Pls, take into account the fact that this IS indisputably a right.  None that you accept. There is no need for weapons on war in civilian life. Two, making more avaliable simply allows criminals to steal them and go on highly publicized rampages. Three, The arguments FOR it are pathetic. The government will kill you if it goes tyrannical. The "you have no right to decide what I need" is yelled at when it goes back at you, doublestandard.    You calim there is no need, but you have shown nothing to back this up.  No criminal has EVER used a stolen assault rifle to go on a rampage. Nt once, not ever, not one, single time. So this argument is pretty much worthless.   Throughout history, tyranical governments have ALWAYS met their downfall due to an uprising in the general population. Every single one. The romans were destroyed by an army led by a foreigner, but composed of disgruntled former subjects. The beginning of the end for the USSR was their defeat in Afghanistan. This showed others that they could be beat, and it wasn;t longt before they spent themsleves to death just trying to secure their nation. You have yet to provide any factual data to support this point.   We are right, you have no right to tell us what we need when we are discussing a right. Perhapse you could better explain this "double standard". I am not understanding what you are talking about, but would be interested to hear the explanation.   This simply furthers the hypocracy of the right. They say the liberal media is a lying about tyrannical government yet want weapons to defend aganist this "lie." If it wasn't a lie, why are they saying the claims of it are lies?    Wow, this seems to be a lot of double think and gross generalizations all wrapped up in one poorly punctuated sentence.   I don't recall anybody making a statement about the liberal media in this entire thread. Perhapse I missed it along the way.   I don't think, at the end of the day, that people are concerned about defending themselves against biased media. Most newscasters and reporters I am aware of would probably make poor combatants. I thisk that people are concerned about having the ability to protect theri homes and their familes from threats, including tyrannical governments.    It's actually not that hard, assuming you don't suck. Simply pop out of a doorway and shoot, then move back, or into another room. Do you really expect simpyl to just stand there? As for a bolt action, you must really suck if you can't take out a moving target 50-100 feet from you. I can. Apparently you can't. I'm not saying that you should shoot them from a moving helicopter.    The problem is maneuverability. It is more difficult to take down a bad guy at close range with a long barreled gun. Same reason it is realtively easy for a guy on foot to take out a tank which has only a main gun. Going through a doorway with a pistol, or an SMG is simple. You can get through the door while holding the weapon in a fire ready position and the short barrel length makes target acquisition simpler and quicker. Long gun changes this. Not only does the longer barrel require a longer swing to get on target, if the bad guy can get inside the effective length of the weapon, it is essentially useless.   Inside a house, a handgun or SMG is a much better weapon than a shotgun or a long barreled rifle. In the open, the best weapon at short range (<200 meters) is undoubtedly an assault rifle of some kind. Against multiple targets or in an extended engagement, a fully automatic weapon has it merits...  Christ sakes. None of you are even listening. Hmm, first swarm I've hit in some time.    We are all listening, your arguments are nonsense. You have no factual or historical evidence that supports your position. Your argument seems to be based entierly in ignorance of the subeject you are attempting to debate.  I'll leave you with this question (but you all seem to ignore it): would you like it if I stockpiled assault weapons, RPGs, LAWs, SAWs, nade launchers, tank weapons, assorted charges, thousands of rounds of ammo, and body armor and I lived next to you?  Really couldn't care less. Personally, I feel better knowing that the folks who live nearest to me are well armed and know how to use their weapons. I live far enough from town that it takes the sheriffs department over 15 minutes to get here. It is nice to know that if needed, I can count on the guy up the road to help me out in a tight spot, and if that may involve the need for firearms, he has the tools and the skills required.
daewoo, well said!! emoticon_xgood
It is a loaded question because you're making certain assumptions when you ask the question (example: having a gun grabbing agenda is in direct violation of the constitution). I never called your claim that I believe in a collective right to bear arms a strawman argument. You're putting words in my mouth.   link (post 11)   Originally Posted by Rev. HellH0und SO we are sticking with the now defamed "collective right theory" As of yet you have not explained:  How the people in the 2nd amendment differ from the people in the other amendments.  why the government would put a bill of rights that pertained to "the people" in all the other amendments but somehow saw the need to write one for themselves in the 2nd.  A strawman argument. When did I ever argue that it has a different meaning?  In which I responded:  So then you believe the 2nd amendment guarantees an individual right?  Which as usual you ducked....  Then in your very next thread.... You touted how you believe that the second amendment somehow does talk about a "collective" right for the states to maintain the national guard or some such stuff...      Maybe. And how am I violating the Constitution by exercising my right to vote?    What are you talking about? The constitution is not a living document. If you vote in people who violate the constitution whether it is to keep minorities from owning guns or using incrementalism to take guns away from other law abiding citizens is this right in your mind.... What if your mob rule all of the sudden voted in a law which outlawed more than two childeren upon penalty of forced sterilization would that be ok in your "two wolves" world?  BTW if I remember correctlty you do not even live in the US.... Are you even a US citizen? And if so when was the last time you did vote?  Please for once answer these questions instead of dancing around your true agenda. Be proud of your cause, put forth your ultimate goal. what are you embarrassed about?
so the best reason to ban "assault rifles" is  A)  There is no need for weapons on war in civilian life.  B) making more avaliable simply allows criminals to steal them and go on highly publicized rampages.  C  Three, The arguments FOR it are pathetic. The government will kill you if it goes tyrannical. The "you have no right to decide what I need" is yelled at when it goes back at you, doublestandard.  did i miss any?  A) all weapons started as weapons of war. hammers were used in combat before there were nails. all knives are desendants of combat weapons, sword drove the desire to find better metals.  B) how are we making anything "more avaliadle"? the bigest boost to the "assault rifle" sales was the ban passing. there were all knids of people that had not thought of buying one did when they thought that they would not be legal anymore.  C) can you show ANY goverment that "carpet bombed" there population? the clame of the tyrannical goverment if from what the founding fathers wrote later. the outher argument FOR an armed population is in case of an attack on our country.
I'll leave you with this question (but you all seem to ignore it): would you like it if I stockpiled assault weapons, RPGs, LAWs, SAWs, nade launchers, tank weapons, assorted charges, thousands of rounds of ammo, and body armor and I lived next to you?   if you hill handle them safely, and do not intend to commit a crime with them, why should i care, or have a say in what you collect?
Well, you're not listening. As for the "never stolen" go check up on the numerous thefts of assault weapons in Hawaii and several of the highly publicized hostages cases.     And if I had a questionable past, it would be okay with you if I have a apache outback, numerous SAM missiles, tatical nukes, rows and rows of RPGs, SAWs, LAWs, Dragon missiles, several hundred thousand rounds of ammunition, automatic shotguns, automated machine guns, mine fields, trip wires connected to assorted charges, laser guided tatical neutron missiles, gernade and motar launchers, Vx launchers, Sarin dispensers, mustard gas canisters, and all of it was pointed at your house? After all, you have no right to decide what I can need.   The Russians carpet bombed Afgani towns and cities during its occupation of the region.  Sudan rountinely carpet bombed the population centers in the South for years.  Russia carpet bombed Chechnya.   First of all, if you could afford all that, you wouldn't have to live near neihbors. You know what's funny about you, is that you answer every post with the same thing.............."So if I had nukes, sams,blah,blah,blah"  Cant you come up with somthing new??  There are not guns or weapons that should be banned, what we need is stricter law on who gets them, I would even accept traning required training courses. As far as sombody stealing them and killing you with them...Thats your bad. Like I said I would take that shotgun away from you in a second and slap you with it.  AND ENOUGH WITH THE CARPET BOMB TYRANNICAL GOVERNMENT ****!! Jump back to reality guy!!!
Well, you're not listening. As for the "never stolen" go check up on the numerous thefts of assault weapons in Hawaii and several of the highly publicized hostages cases.    I didn't say they were never stolen. I said "no criminal has ever used a stolen assault weapon to go on a rampage". In context:  No criminal has EVER used a stolen assault rifle to go on a rampage. Nt once, not ever, not one, single time. So this argument is pretty much worthless.    This is direct from the DOJ statistics using all years fro which data is available. It has NEVER, EVER happened. There have been stolen assault weapons used in commiting crimes. 3 in the last 18 years (no data available before that). So, you want to ban these weapons because 2 times in the last 18 years they have been stolen and used in crimes? Are you smioking crack? Looking at teh numbers, we should encourage people to buy assault weapons instead of handguns. The simple fact of the matter is, assault weapons are an exceptionally poor choice of weapon fro commiting crime.  And if I had a questionable past, it would be okay with you if I have a apache outback, numerous SAM missiles, tatical nukes, rows and rows of RPGs, SAWs, LAWs, Dragon missiles, several hundred thousand rounds of ammunition, automatic shotguns, automated machine guns, mine fields, trip wires connected to assorted charges, laser guided tatical neutron missiles, gernade and motar launchers, Vx launchers, Sarin dispensers, mustard gas canisters, and all of it was pointed at your house? After all, you have no right to decide what I can need.    Yes, that would bother me greatly, sicne it would be illegal for you to have any of that pointed at my house. Further, it would be illegal for you to posess a neutron missile, since there is no company producing those that sell to civilians, whcih means you STOLE it or bought it hot. Vx Launchers are jsut empty tubes, so that doesn;t bother me, I have a "sarin dispenser" in my barn. It is a crop sprayer (that is actually what they used for direct dispersion, weird, huh? they ordered them directly from new holland). Mustard gas cannisters are not even a problem as long as they are empty. Posession of chemical weapons by the united states government or any citizen of the uniteds states is illegal.   As far as "questionable background", are you a felon? Are you mentally deficient? Those are the only two things that can, in this coutry, curtail your rights.   The Russians carpet bombed Afgani towns and cities during its occupation of the region.    Yes, they did. We are not discussing invaders carpet bombing during their invasion. This is what we did in vietnam. Wait.....the russians LOST in afghanistan and were froced from the country by a militia that did not posess a single fighter plane, had very few AA missiles (until the last 2 years of the war, when it became incredibly apparent that they were going to win and we sent stinger missiles, they did not manage to shoot down a single russian plane). We also lost in vietnam, against an enemy without an air force, or even air support, and lacking anything that could knock down our planes effectively. I am seeing a pattern here, and it is saying "carpet bombing is not that effective".  Sudan rountinely carpet bombed the population centers in the South for years.    Really? hard to believe since sudan has NO medium or heavy bombers. Their last bomber went non operational in 1991, it was a mig 23 (foghter/bomber). Fighter/bombers are not capable of carpet bombing anything. do you even know what "carpet bomb" means? The sudanese have been using eithe mig 17s configured for ground attack, or Su-22's borrowed from libya since then. They have even stooped to using cargo planes and literally having two guys toss bombs out the back. The highest casualty count of any sudanese air attack is less than 100. You do not carpet bomb population centers for years and never manage to kill more than 100 people in a shot.    Russia carpet bombed Chechnya.  No, they didn't. They threatened to crapet bomb Grozny, but never did it. Take a look at http://www.hrw.org/reports/1997/WR97/HELSINKI-13.htm if you are interested in what has transpired in Chechnya so far in regards to Russian war crimes. It is a report form Human Rights Watch. They have people on the ground there. Carpet bombing is a pretty serious deal, if it wqas going on, you can bet your great aunt mauds girdle that tey would have reported it.  Chechnya is kind of a differnet situation than anything you would ever be likely to find in America. They declared their independance, have no backing, no materials, and only weapons that they have managed to obtain on the black market. They are fighting an enemy with some pretty serious international support (though publicly we condem what is going on there, we turn a blind eye and even offer some degree of support. This has to do with 41 nukes that were in Chechnya when they declared independance that have yet been unaccounted for).  I think maybe you are confused as to what "carpet bombing" is, kind of like you apparently had no idea at all waht an assault weapon was, you just thought they sounded scary.  I have noticed that your posts keep getting shorter and shorter, and you leave more and more unanswered. Are you getting tired of being beat of ther head with the rediculousness of your argument? This last post is nothing more than a pathetic emotional plea. Entertaining, but unlikely to win any debates.
And why exactly are they illegal? Are you bothered that I'd have large amounts of chemical weapons ready for large scale disperasal? Or perhaps that I would have the capacity to kill several thousand people?   Why are chemical and biological weapons illegal? Because we signed a non-proliferation treaty. They would not be covered under the second ammendment anyway, since they are purely offensive weapons, while things like rifles, RPG's, etc... do have a defensive role. Same with tactical nukes. You do not use nukes or chemical weapons on your home turf, since they kill large numbers of people indiscriminatly and killing off a large segment of your population or irradiating a large section of your landmass is not a step that would concievably be taken in the course of defending your country within your own borders.   Note the "within your own borders" because that is the only place that our FF's intended for us to defend our country. We were never meant to have a trillion dollar military standing around waiting for orders to ship off to bosnia to quell the civil war there, or to somolia to do battle with eveil warlords. this was decidedly NOT within the percieved scope of the united states (playing cop to the world). This is a duty the federal government has taken upon itself, much to the detriment of the entire world, including our own nation (just trying to keep the "what if you wanted to launch a nuke against another nation to defend America" idiocy in the trash can where it belongs).  Conflicts overseas are strictly the responsibilty of the federal government. No single citizen of the united states has the right or the duty to engage in such conflicts, therefore there is no need, or roght, for American citizens to own weapons of a purely offensive nature that would not concievably be used in a domestic situation in defense of the nation.
Haven't seen you argue why you need it.     This is so simple..... In a free society "NEED" has nothing to do with it... I don't "NEED" a semi-automatic rifle capable of taking a detachable magazine any more than I "NEED" a toaster... But quite frankly thats none of you or your civil rights violating totalitarian government's business. I refer you to:     "A well-regulated Militia being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms shall not be infringed."  - Second Amendment to the U.S. Constitution 
rev, you should probley throw in  "Title 10, Subtitle A, Part I, chapter 13, Sec. 311.  Sec. 311. - Militia: composition and classes  (a)The militia of the United States consists of all able-bodied males at least 17 years of age and, except as provided in section 313 of title 32, under 45 years of age who are, or who have made a declaration of intention to become, citizens of the United States and of female citizens of the United States who are members of the National Guard.  (b)The classes of the militia are -  (1)the organized militia, which consists of the National Guard and the Naval Militia; and  (2)the unorganized militia, which consists of the members of the militia who are not members of the National Guard or the Naval Militia" before we hear about all the militia are only the National Guard.  Duo_Maxwell, you have not given a reason for MY guns to be taken away Well, you're not listening. As for the "never stolen" go check up on the numerous thefts of assault weapons in Hawaii and several of the highly publicized hostages cases.   i live in Indiana, why would i expect my guns to end up out in Hawaii? so far your reasopns for me not having one have been there is no need for me to have weapons of war (i dont i have the civialan versions), the have too high a rate of fire (they dont, they are semi auto), they wont stop a carpet bombing (i never said they would, or that i would have a need), or that they might be stolen and used to kill (same goes for my cars, ax, knife, hammer, bow). so i guess you are right there are none here that i accept.   and to take from anouther of your posts (http://www.4forums.com/political/showthread.php?p=32280#post32280  Cars are more deadly then any STD.  Cigarettes have killed more people then any STD. Doesn't mean we ban them. Doesn't mean we ban them Heterosexual life has its own share of risks, the same type as homo. Doesn't mean we ban heterosexual marriage.   Heck, if we banned everything that was a risk to ourselves, we wouldn't be doing anything! Wait, that's bad for us too!    so why ban guns when they kill less than eather of these?
   and to take from anouther of your posts (http://www.4forums.com/political/showthread.php?p=32280#post32280   so why ban guns when they kill less than eather of these?   Wow!!! He's really got you there, it's interesting how hypocritical you are and you change your arguements to fit your needs. Good job on the reasearch emclean emoticon_xhoho   Duo_Maxwell, quit while your ahead,......or behind.....your arguements mean nothing now.
  Irrevelant. Cars are designed to transport. Guns are designed to incapaciatate/kill. As for cigarettes, I see no problem in making a pack cost $25.  You argument is totally off base. Gun ownership is a right. Just like voting, owning property, fair trials, legal advise, meeting friends for dinner, keeping my organs functioning, painting, writting poetry, and privacy. The only 'need' I need to justify is I want it or want to do it. That is how rights work. If you have a problem with that, then you have a problem with democracy, because that is how our democracy works.  Driving is NOT a right and is a licensed activity. Driving on Federal funded highways is NOT a right and is regulated under the contract clause of the Constitution.  The fact that something can kill makes that item special under the 2nd Amendment. Anything that can kill is special, it is called an "arm" and is protected. So I don't understand your special reasoning "guns are designed to kill". Such a reasoning for the restriction of guns is HIGHLY ILLEGAL. The fact that guns can kill makes them protected as an "arm" under the 2nd Amendment.  Owning a car is a right. It is property. Please get your facts straight and your constitutional illiteracy in check before you try to convince other people you are right regarding Constitutional issues.
And why did we sign the pact? I disagree with "offensive weapons" stance. Many countries in the past have maintained nuclear, biological and chemical weapons as deterrents aganist attacks. A deterrent is a form of defense. Therefore, a tactical nuke, anthrax, mustard gas, and VX are all considered defensive weapons.  You can disagree all you want. You are wrong. WMD's have always been classified as offensive weapons. The deterrent theory is based in having such a stockpile of offensive weapons at hand that your enemies woud not dare attack you.   On the contrary, Interceptor missiles, a form of defense, are armed with nuclear weapons. And, if I recall correctly, Saddam used chemical weapons aganist invading Iranians on his home turf. As for normal people, should you be facing a large army of enemy troops on your home turf, the simplest way to removing them, and thereby removing the threat would be to realease a tatical, or chemical attack. Also, Castro, backed by the USSR, was planning to use tatical nukes in Cuba in the senario of a large US marine invasion.  Interceptor missiles are capable of carrying a nuclear payload. They have not ever put one on it, nor have they actually designed such a payload for any of them. The nuke idea for the interceptor was scrapped, now they are outfitted with kinetic warheads.  You don't rememebr correctly, Hussein never used chemical weapons against the Iranians on his home turf.  A tactical or chemical attack that would kill completlely indiscriminatly and destroy a large prtion of your land for years to come is the exact opposite of "defense".   Cuba never had any nukes that could have been used against American troops in the event of an invasion. The only nukes that we ever knwo for sure that cuba had anything to do with were rocket mounted warheads, which could not have been targeted at cuba.  So Using Rev. HellH0und 's logic, I have every right to own every military weapon ever created because you have no right to decide what I need. Rev. HellH0und's own logic justifis me owning tatical nuclear weapons.    No, not really. If so, the logic is flawed.  Irrevelant. Cars are designed to transport. Guns are designed to incapaciatate/kill. As for cigarettes, I see no problem in making a pack cost $25.    And it is the very fact that guns are designed to kill that makes them protected under the second ammendment. If they were merely designed to punch holes in paper, or to look pretty, ythey would not be protected.
And therefore it is a form of defense. A weapon that is used for a method of defense is therefore a defensive weapon. This stick can hammer in nails, therefore it is a type of hammer. This bike can transport me therefore it is a type of vehicle. You just admited that it was a deterrent and the purpose of a deterrent.    You are thinking too hard. All weapons are either classified as "offensive" or "defensive". Tehy are categorised this way by international law. WMDs are offensive weapons.  On the contrary, besides the History Channel disagreeing with you,    No, they don't. it does not say anywhere in there that the cubans had nukes. Quite to the contrary, your own link says   ``This shows that Khrushchev had his finger on the trigger, and really had decided to use tactical nuclear weapons if Cuba was invaded,'' Naftali said  Khrushchev was not a cuban. If you look a little deeper into your history, it was this fact that ended the location of russian bomber stations on cuba. Castro was not real big on the idea that Russia was willing to nuke his country in order to repel invaders. The russians, on the other hand, had no problem with nuking a third coutnry to serve a political goal.
  Jeffersonian: Cars are designed to transport. Guns are designed to kill. The context of the argument regarding these two comparisons was on the total number of deaths caused by them. The functions of the two objects greatly differ, therefore, comparsions on deaths is irrevelant because neither cars, or cigarettes (sketchy) are designed to kill. You have completely missed the context of the argument and filled in whatever you so choosed.   What exactly are cigarettes for??? They serve no purpose other than to kill you. You might say "it gives you a buzz, takes away stress" blah, blah,blah. Sorry, there are many things that give you a buzz and take away stress, that dont kill you.  Lets get back to the basic point. What guns do you think should be banned? Guns are not designed only to kill. Guns, like nukes are also a deterent. You would be less likely to break into my house knowing that I have enough guns and ammo in there for a small army. It dosn't matter what kind of gun, they all work the same. Your argument that people will steal them and kill people with them is illogical. Sombody that has an assualt rifle, is not a casual gun owner. They take great care of their gun collection, and store them safely and properly. Most accidents where people are killed by guns are unexperienced people that put their gun in a nightstand, and their 5 year old finds it. Or buys a gun and never trains, takes a class, or even fires it until sombody breaks into their house, and now they dont know what to do. Pulling the trigger on a gun, pointed at a target is hard for many people, let alone when you have your gun pointed at a human.  Like I said near the begining of this thread, Guns dont kill people, Guns are tools. People kill people, and if sombody is intent on killing you, it does not matter if they have a gun or not, there are baseball bats, knifes, heck I could kill you with a pen!!  You can also use guns in competitive shooting, which is a hobby, same as building a hot rod, which can also be considered a weapon, we dont ban them!  I guess what I am trying to get at is the burdon of proof is on you. We have a right given to use by the bill of rights, therefore, that is the only reason we need to bear arms. However, you must prove substancial reason why we should have this right annuled. To this point you have not had a single valid arguement why guns should be taken away. Give us facts, not opinions.
[QUOTE=voiceofreason]Your ownership of a gun is not protected by the second amendment unless you belong to the organized militia. [QUOTE]  Do you have any data or facts to back this up? I think not. The collective rights theory, while interesting, has no real basis in law or history. What would imply to you that only memebrs of the organised militai have a right to bear arms? Doe it say that somewhere int he seocnd Ammendment? Could you point to some writing by the founding fathers that supports this rediculous viewpoint?  Lets start a new thread about this. It doesn;t really fit in this one.
Whatever. I didn't say that I disbelieved the collective theory in that thread.   Ok if we close our eyes to the truth it will go away..... emoticon_rolleyes         Whatever. I have a right to vote for who I want to. Stop trying to interfere with that right. I am a US citizen, but what does that have to do with anything? My ultimate goal is to refute the misinformation that you try to convince people with.   Duck....   Now thats a "strawman argument" I have never held the position that your right to vote should be infringed...  Uhh...thats NOT a goal.... Or a **** poor goal at best. Your ducking again.... try this:  "My ultimate goal is to refute the misinformation that you try to convince people with"...... In order to help bring about complete victim disarmament (or something of your choosing)   Please point out one item of misinformation I have posted... I have done so many of yours with facts...   Its good to see your an "American Citizen".... Do you vote?
[QUOTE=daewoo][QUOTE=voiceofreason]Your ownership of a gun is not protected by the second amendment unless you belong to the organized militia.   Do you have any data or facts to back this up? I think not. The collective rights theory, while interesting, has no real basis in law or history. What would imply to you that only memebrs of the organised militai have a right to bear arms? Doe it say that somewhere int he seocnd Ammendment? Could you point to some writing by the founding fathers that supports this rediculous viewpoint?  Lets start a new thread about this. It doesn;t really fit in this one.    He does this as part of his posting cycle.... ***yawn*** I truly hope this time he clarifies his position....
[QUOTE]Your ownership of a gun is not protected by the second amendment unless you belong to the organized militia.[QUOTE] look back to what i posted in post#123, there is where there is the LEGAL definition of a militia.  Lets get back to the basic point. What guns do you think should be banned?   or lets go back to what i asked when i started this. why do you think i should not have guns? the army thought i should get the fun of carring a 6lb gun (M4) for 1 1/2 years, a 7lb gun (M16) for 1 1/2 years, a 14 lb gun (M249) for a year, and a 23lb gun (M60) for 1/2 a year. i have been traned in the safe and proper use of firearms.   You can also use guns in competitive shooting, which is a hobby, same as building a hot rod, which can also be considered a weapon, we dont ban them!  competititve shooting, would you mean like olympic events?
Explain the theory of deterrents. Wasn't MAD a strategy that defended aganist nuclear war? Nuclear weapons are a deterrent, and therefore a defensive weapon.   I already did. you stockpile enough offensive wepons that your enemy would not dare attack you. how do you think that you get mutually assured destruction using only defensive weapons?  Did you see the show?    Parts of it. You apparently missed the part where the russians were not giving the cubans nukes, they were simply basing them there, much like we did in germany for so many years.   the russians probably did intent to use nukes in the event of an invasion. After all, it was not their country, and in all reality the relationship between russia and cuba was purely one of Russian convenience.    But some work more efficintely at their function then others. For instance, a Deagle is more likely to kill you then a .9mm. A SAW is more likely to kill a squad of troops then a muzzle loader. The gun's ability to carry out its primiary function is what sets them apart.    Actually, you will find that the relative power of a particular round has very little to do with the nukber of deaths it causes. If you discount accidental shootings and just figure murder attempts, a .22 is just as deadly as a .45, adn more deadly than a .357.    Where exactly did I say I wanted the 2nd amendemnt annulled? I WANT YOU to own a pistol, rifle and shotgun if you are in the right mind and can properly use it. That kind of destroys the "extreme gun control supporter" lable doesn't it?    Not at all  I see haven't seen a need for military weapons. And when people say I have no right to say what you need, you virtually ignore that when it comes back at you.  This is what makes you a dangerous gun control supporter. How do you decide what is a military arm? Is every semiautomatic rifle a potential military arm? What about bolt action rifles? Theya re used pretty extensively in the military for sniping. Handguns are issued to all manner of military folks. Does that make them military arms?
I see haven't seen a need for military weapons. And when people say I have no right to say what you need, you virtually ignore that when it comes back at you.   there are no weapons that were not either originaly a military arm, or derived from a military are. eavon the denenger is derived fron the single shot percion handgun.   That kind of destroys the "extreme gun control supporter" lable doesn't it?   no it eather shows that you are not knoloagibel about guns, or are trying to hide behind a "resnoable" clame.
emclean: Therefore I can own anything I want.  that is fine with me, as long as you keep it safley. You keep complaining about full-auto weapons, do you know the murder rate of legal full auto weapons? One, from 1936, to 1998, there was one murder with a legally owned machine gun, and it was committed by a cop. look at the crime rate of legally carried guns. The problem is that gun owners are thrown in with criminals, just because we enjoy the shooting sports.   As for what is a more dangerous gun, look up the DOJ numbers on gun violence, it might surprise you what is used to kill most often.
may i ask if all of you arguments are going to be taken to the extream?  So therefore you'd have no problem with me owning tons of Vx, Mustard Gas, Anthrax,  if you are willing to store them safley, in a semilar manner ar the army dose, then i realy dont care.   and the means to deliver it?   i can go to home depot and get the means to deliver it, or a crop dusting airplane works well, so no problem with you owning it.  How about Migs, Apaches, Hinds and Tigers?  there are privetly held Migs in the US, sorry i am not familor with the tigers, and for the helocopters, if the FAA dont complane, why would i?  Or perhaps MBTs?  once again there are MBT's in privet hands. hell in the UK you can get plates and drive them on the streets.  Or maybe SAWs, RPGs,   also are privetly held  and SAMs sites?   like the oln nikey bace that the paintball store has up here?  Or a few tactical nukes and neutron bombs?  how are you gonns 'bear' those?  you spent a lot of time heading out past left field for things that should probley be banned. nukes, IMO should not be in privet hands, they are not useful to repell invaders, same would go for chemical weapons. it is the equivilent of blowing up your home to stop a thief from geting your TV. yes the US used nukes in MAD, no thet dose not make them a "defencive weapon".
MAD is a theory that prevents nuclear war. It was the only viable defense aganist nuclear war. Is a weapon that works in a defense not a defensive weapon?   A weapon that works for a defensive purpose by nature of the fact that it is a devestating offensive wepaon.   Assuming you shoot them in the correct place in the heart or the head, yes. Is that likely? No. A .22 won't kill someone if you shoot them in the liver. It would hurt, but they would come after you, it would take a lot of .22s to kill someone without a shot to the head or the heart. With a .45 or something larger, it is more likely to put them down with fewer bullets.    I am just saying that when you look at the caliber of weapons used in murders, it doesn;t seem to matter how big it is, they are all killers.  There is not much larger than a .45. Desert eagle made a .50 handgun, but they were not popular.    As what makes you a dangerous gun supporter. Who draws the line at what is legal and safe? After all, you have no right to say what I need, therefore I can have whatever I deem necessary. That is quite scarcy to say the least, and remember, it is a gun supporter argument that I am simply using aganist you. Who decides what is safe, just and rational?    The american system is based on personal responsibility and the belief that people ruled justly will behave in a civilised manner. Personal responsibility IS a scary thing.   The problem is that we are not being ruled justly. We are a country full of profiteers, both corporate and private, who keep our politicians on a short leash. Our citizens are fat (surgeon general), stupid (international education survey), lazy (surgeon general), people, most of whom cannot tell you what form of government we have in this country (pew), name their congressional representatives (pew), or even paraphrase all ten ammendments which make up the bill of rights (gallup).   We have more laws on the books RIGHT NOW than we did in the first 175 years of our nations history COMBINED. I read an article a while back where tehy had come up with 10 attorneys, and 10 volunteers. The idea was to have the attorneys follow these 10 volunteers around and record everything they did that was illegal. These were not criminals, these were just ordinary folks. After doing this for a week, they came to the conclusion that your average American in the course oftheir day unknowingly commits about 12 misdemeanors, and .5 felonies (a felony every two days).  Yet, the fat, stupid, lazy people of america will sit back and argue that we are "free". Our government and our elected leaders are consolidating power at an incredibvle rate, but as long as Americans can buy a bunch of cheap **** at wal mart then swing by a McaDonalds in their SUV on the way home, they ar content to sit back and watch it happen.  The ignorance of the American people never ceases to amaze me. Take yourself for example. You appear to be American. Thus, the issue of assault weapons actually has some effect on you. Yet, you had no idea that the current assault weapon ban had no bearing on the legality of machine guns. We often get europeans here who have no stake in the issue whatsover who are more knowledgable about the issue than you are.   I almost feel silly debating the views of the founding fathers. These are guys that were willing to go to war over taxation that ate up 3% of their total income. Most americans today have no idea what percentage of their total income is being eaten up by taxes. For those who don't know, FIFTY SIX percent of everything you make is going to pay some kind of government tax or fee. That means that for over half the year, you are working for NOTHING.   We all know that the revolutionary war started when the british marched on lexington and concord. Do you know WHY the british were marching on lexington and concord? they were trying to seize the arsenals there. We are not talking individual muskets or rifles, we are talking artillery pieces and cannons thatw ere privatly owned by individual citizens of the town and available for the common defense. Today, we are arguning about whether or not people should be allowed to own scary looking guns that have a little metal nub on them where you mount a KNIFE. This is pathetic.
So therefore you'd have no problem with me owning tons of Vx, Mustard Gas, Anthrax, and the means to deliver it? How about Migs, Apaches, Hinds and Tigers? Or perhaps MBTs? Or maybe SAWs, RPGs, LAWs, Dragons, and SAMs sites? Or a few tactical nukes and neutron bombs?  VX, mustard gas and anthrax (along with nukes) are offensive weapons. We already covered this.  Migs are not illegal to own. There is a company in Califonia and one in Pennsylvania that sells used migs to folks who can afford them (they cost several million dollars). Apaches WOULD be illegal to won, since they are constructed under contract to the army, and there are none for sale on the civilian market. Hinds are widely available through most interantional airplane brokers. A lot of folks are converting these to business use. Tigers are unavailable on the civilain market as well.   MBT's are no problem.  Saws are not illegal, They are covered under the NFA, so there is a tax that you have to pay to get one. LAWs, SAMs and Dragons are unavailable on the civilian market. If you wished to construct your own, that is certainly no problem, though they probably fall under the category of "destructive device" as defined by the NFA, so you have to pay the same transfer tax to build one.   RPG's ARE available on the civilian market. They are "destructive devices" under the NFA, thoug I think that this is just the grenades themselves (I am not sure the NFA coveres the launch tube).
A weapon that works for a defensive purpose by nature of the fact that it is a devestating offensive wepaon.     I am just saying that when you look at the caliber of weapons used in murders, it doesn;t seem to matter how big it is, they are all killers.  There is not much larger than a .45. Desert eagle made a .50 handgun, but they were not popular.      The american system is based on personal responsibility and the belief that people ruled justly will behave in a civilised manner. Personal responsibility IS a scary thing.   The problem is that we are not being ruled justly. We are a country full of profiteers, both corporate and private, who keep our politicians on a short leash. Our citizens are fat (surgeon general), stupid (international education survey), lazy (surgeon general), people, most of whom cannot tell you what form of government we have in this country (pew), name their congressional representatives (pew), or even paraphrase all ten ammendments which make up the bill of rights (gallup).   We have more laws on the books RIGHT NOW than we did in the first 175 years of our nations history COMBINED. I read an article a while back where tehy had come up with 10 attorneys, and 10 volunteers. The idea was to have the attorneys follow these 10 volunteers around and record everything they did that was illegal. These were not criminals, these were just ordinary folks. After doing this for a week, they came to the conclusion that your average American in the course oftheir day unknowingly commits about 12 misdemeanors, and .5 felonies (a felony every two days).  Yet, the fat, stupid, lazy people of america will sit back and argue that we are "free". Our government and our elected leaders are consolidating power at an incredibvle rate, but as long as Americans can buy a bunch of cheap **** at wal mart then swing by a McaDonalds in their SUV on the way home, they ar content to sit back and watch it happen.  The ignorance of the American people never ceases to amaze me. Take yourself for example. You appear to be American. Thus, the issue of assault weapons actually has some effect on you. Yet, you had no idea that the current assault weapon ban had no bearing on the legality of machine guns. We often get europeans here who have no stake in the issue whatsover who are more knowledgable about the issue than you are.   I almost feel silly debating the views of the founding fathers. These are guys that were willing to go to war over taxation that ate up 3% of their total income. Most americans today have no idea what percentage of their total income is being eaten up by taxes. For those who don't know, FIFTY SIX percent of everything you make is going to pay some kind of government tax or fee. That means that for over half the year, you are working for NOTHING.   We all know that the revolutionary war started when the british marched on lexington and concord. Do you know WHY the british were marching on lexington and concord? they were trying to seize the arsenals there. We are not talking individual muskets or rifles, we are talking artillery pieces and cannons thatw ere privatly owned by individual citizens of the town and available for the common defense. Today, we are arguning about whether or not people should be allowed to own scary looking guns that have a little metal nub on them where you mount a KNIFE. This is pathetic.   Well said indeed emoticon_xhoho
 So Using Rev. HellH0und 's logic, I have every right to own every military weapon ever created because you have no right to decide what I need. Rev. HellH0und's own logic justifis me owning tatical nuclear weapons    I apologise if this comes off as insulting but the constant use of extremist logic to make a point does not make you look like your interested or perhaps incapable in an intelligent debate... To say that because we regulate the ownership of thermo-nuclear weapons that it is the same thing as regulating my right to own an ak-47 does not do the term "extremist logic" justice. With a gun I can defend myself and family, put food on the table, exersice my lab (and get rottisseried duck, mmm mmm), keep my government in check. With a Nuclear weapon I can uh... destroy entire populaces... Its apples and oranges.... It is not realistic and its not what we are talking about. Please bring it back to earth....
like the oln nikey bace that the paintball store has up here?   Where is that?
A weapon that works for a defensive purpose by nature of the fact that it is a devestating offensive wepaon.     I am just saying that when you look at the caliber of weapons used in murders, it doesn;t seem to matter how big it is, they are all killers.  There is not much larger than a .45. Desert eagle made a .50 handgun, but they were not popular.      The american system is based on personal responsibility and the belief that people ruled justly will behave in a civilised manner. Personal responsibility IS a scary thing.   The problem is that we are not being ruled justly. We are a country full of profiteers, both corporate and private, who keep our politicians on a short leash. Our citizens are fat (surgeon general), stupid (international education survey), lazy (surgeon general), people, most of whom cannot tell you what form of government we have in this country (pew), name their congressional representatives (pew), or even paraphrase all ten ammendments which make up the bill of rights (gallup).   We have more laws on the books RIGHT NOW than we did in the first 175 years of our nations history COMBINED. I read an article a while back where tehy had come up with 10 attorneys, and 10 volunteers. The idea was to have the attorneys follow these 10 volunteers around and record everything they did that was illegal. These were not criminals, these were just ordinary folks. After doing this for a week, they came to the conclusion that your average American in the course oftheir day unknowingly commits about 12 misdemeanors, and .5 felonies (a felony every two days).  Yet, the fat, stupid, lazy people of america will sit back and argue that we are "free". Our government and our elected leaders are consolidating power at an incredibvle rate, but as long as Americans can buy a bunch of cheap **** at wal mart then swing by a McaDonalds in their SUV on the way home, they ar content to sit back and watch it happen.  The ignorance of the American people never ceases to amaze me. Take yourself for example. You appear to be American. Thus, the issue of assault weapons actually has some effect on you. Yet, you had no idea that the current assault weapon ban had no bearing on the legality of machine guns. We often get europeans here who have no stake in the issue whatsover who are more knowledgable about the issue than you are.   I almost feel silly debating the views of the founding fathers. These are guys that were willing to go to war over taxation that ate up 3% of their total income. Most americans today have no idea what percentage of their total income is being eaten up by taxes. For those who don't know, FIFTY SIX percent of everything you make is going to pay some kind of government tax or fee. That means that for over half the year, you are working for NOTHING.   We all know that the revolutionary war started when the british marched on lexington and concord. Do you know WHY the british were marching on lexington and concord? they were trying to seize the arsenals there. We are not talking individual muskets or rifles, we are talking artillery pieces and cannons thatw ere privatly owned by individual citizens of the town and available for the common defense. Today, we are arguning about whether or not people should be allowed to own scary looking guns that have a little metal nub on them where you mount a KNIFE. This is pathetic.  A study by the National Gun Control Education Council shows that 98% of anti-gunners think the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor.  Also that 'guns are only meant to kill' and thus NOT an 'arm' under the 2nd Amendment.
Smith&Wesson now makes a .50-caliber revolver also. If it didn't weigh 84ozs loaded, I might have bought one yesterday. (2600#ft)  You see, I have a right to buy and own that devastating  pistol! ....just can't have a sawed-off shotgun.  All you gun control advocates need to take a pill!
After reading several political forums, I couldn't resist the urge to join one. I didn't have the time to read the whole thread but will answer this:  How many guns do you own? 10  What kind of guns are they? 2 Rem 870's 12, Browning A5 12, Rem 700 Classic 6.5x55, CVA .50 Muzzleloader, 1911A1 .45, Ruger .22/45, Yugo Mauser, Mosin-Nagant 91/30, and Yugo SKS  Do you have children that are or were under the age of 19? No, but I'm 18  If yes, Have your children ever touched or played with your gun? Since I am 18, a child, then yes  If yes, Have your children ever touched your gun outside of your supervision? I guess no  If yes, Do you have a means of knowing whether or not you children has accessed your gun without your knowledge or consent?  If yes, have your ever educated or punished your child for inquiring or infringing up on your gun? Do you believe a family with a child should own a gun? YES  Do you believe it is necessary to own more than one gun? NO, but necessity is not why I own guns  Do you believe it is necessary to own an assault rifle over say a shotgun? Depends on the purpose  Do you live in a neighborhood were violence and break-ins occur on a regluar basis? NO  Do you own guns simply as a hobby, recreation, or means of protection? Both  In the event that you own a gun as a hobby, what is so interesting about them? Do you use the hobby guns? At least once a week, and they're fun. Helluva a lot more fun for me than going to watch a movie.  In the even that you own a gun for recreation, why? Why Not?  In the event that you own a gun for safety, do you keep it loaded? Sometimes  If you keep your gun loaded, is it locked up, away from you, or nearby? That would defeat the purpose of keeping it for protection, if you didn't have it with you  If it is locked up away from you, how does it protect you? OK, see above  If it is near you, is it possible for someone to steal it? Lets try this. You try to steal the gun from me.  If it is unloaded, do you keep it near you? No, locked in the safe where it belongs  If not, how does it protect you? Wouldn't it have been better to ask how you protect yourself with the gun, then to ask all these questions?  Have you ever shot your gun while drunk? Don't drink, see age  Have you ever shot your gun while under the influence of drugs? Drugs are for losers  Do you think that many gun owners are negligent? Do I think that owners of anything are negligent?  Have you ever been negligent with a gun? NEVER in the 14 years or so I've ben using a gun.  How do you think guns and assault rifles get circulated? Theft, illegal purchases  How does a gun owner propose that we stop unecessary gun violence? Commit a crime with a gun, you nver leave prison  Does your proposal consider all of your answers above? yep  Can you propose any other self-defense options other than owning a gun? Not without devoting my life to learning that method  Are you a member of the NRA? NO, but plan on joining MCRGO  Are you white? I don't see how this fits in, but yes, and male, lutheran, pro-local government, anti-almost everything the feds do
I have not read every post in this thread, but since it started on a theme of confiscation of private arms, I thought some here might find the history of how our Continental Congress sought to justify a call to armed resistance once hostilities broke out relevant to the thread. On July 6, 1775, the Congress published a DECLARATION OF THE CAUSES AND NECESSITY OF TAKING UP ARMS. I think these portions of that Declaration are pertinent to this debate (In particular, note the disdain for the first attempt to confiscate private arms by a registration and secured storage scheme):  The Congress first made the following complaint:  But why should we enumerate out injuries in detail? By one statute it is declared that parliament can 'of right make laws to bind us in all cases whatsoever.' What is to defend us against so enormous, so unlimited a power? Not a single man of those who assume it, is chosen by us; or is subject to our control or influence; but, on the contrary, they are all of them exempt from the operation of such laws, and an American revenue, if not diverted from the ostensible purposes for which it is raised, would actually lighten their own burdens in proportion, as they increase ours. We saw the misery to which such despotism would reduce us. We for ten years incessantly and ineffectually besieged the throne as supplicants; we reasoned, we remonstrated with parliament, in the most mild and decent language.  It then noted the Government's response:  Administration sensible that we should regard these oppressive measure as freemen ought to do, sent over fleets and armies to enforce them.  Which was followed by the first attempt to seize weapons:  General Gage . . . sent ought from [Boston] a large detachment of his army, who made an unprovoked assault on the inhabitants of the said province, at the town of Lexington, as appears by the affidavits of a great many persons, some of whom were officers and soldiers of the detachment, murdered eight of the inhabitants, and wounded many others. From thence the troops proceeded in warlike array to the town of Concord, where they set upon another party of the inhabitants of the same province, killing several and wounding more, until compelled to retreat by the country people suddenly assembled to repel this cruel aggression.  Which was followed by an attempt to seize private arms in Boston by a sham "registration" and "secured storage" scheme:  The inhabitants of Boston being confined within that town by the general their governor, and having, in order to procure their dismission, entered into a treaty with him, it was stipulated that the said inhabitants having deposited their arms with their own magistrates, should have liberty to depart, taking with them their own effects. They accordingly delivered up their arms, but in open violation of honor, in defiance of the obligation of treaties, which even savage nations esteemed sacred, the governor ordered the arms deposited as aforesaid, that they might be preserved for their owners, to be seized by a body of soldiers; detained the greatest part of the inhabitants in the town, and compelled the few who were permitted to retire, to leave their most valuable effects behind.  Which was followed by the following proclamation:  The general, further emulating his ministerial masters, by a proclamation bearing date on the 12th. of June, after venting the grossest falsehoods and calumnies against the good people of these colonies, proceeds to '[D]eclare them all, either by name or description, to be rebels and traitors, to supersede the course of the common law, and instead thereof to publish and order the use and exercise of the law martial.'  WHAT WAS THE RESPONSE TO THESE COMPLAINTS?  We are reduced to the alternative of choosing an unconditional submission to the tyranny of irritated ministers, or resistance by force. The latter is our choice. We have counted the cost of this contest, and find nothing so dreadful as voluntary slavery. Honor, justice, and humanity, forbid us tamely to surrender that freedom which we received from our gallant ancestors, and which our innocent posterity have a right to receive from us. We cannot endure the infamy and guilt of resigning succeeding generations to that wretchedness which inevitably awaits them, if we basely entail hereditary bondage upon them.  Our cause is Just. Our Union is Perfect. Our internal resources are great, and, if necessary, foreign assistance is undoubtedly attainable. - We gratefully acknowledge, as signal instances of the Divine favor towards us, that his Providence would not permit us to be called into this severe controversy, until we were grown up to our present strength, had been previously exercised in warlike operation, and possessed of the means of defending ourselves. With hearts fortified with these animating reflections, we most solemnly, before God and the world, declare, that, exerting the utmost energy of those powers, which our beneficent Creator hath graciously bestowed upon us, the arms we have been compelled by our enemies to assume, we will, in defiance of every hazard, with unabating firmness and perseverence, employ for the preservation of our liberties; being with one mind resolved to die freemen rather than to live slaves.  We fight not for glory or for conquest. We exhibit to mankind the remarkable spectacle of a people attacked by unprovoked enemies, without any imputation or even suspicion of offence. They boast of their privileges and civilization, and yet proffer no milder conditions than servitude or death.  In our own native land, in defense of the freedom that is our birthright, and which we ever enjoyed till the late violation of it - for the protection of our property, acquired solely by the honest industry of our fore-fathers and ourselves, against violence actually offered, we have taken up arms. We shall lay them down when hostilities shall cease on the part of the aggressors, and all danger of their being renewed shall be removed, and not before.  What effect, if any, can we describe this document as having upon the debates for ratification of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights? In my opinion, you can see some of the same fire in Anti Federalist rhetoric:  My great objection to this Government is, that it does not leave us the means of defending our rights; or, of waging war against tyrants. . . .The Honorable Gentleman who presides, told us, that to prevent abuses in our Government, we will assemble in Convention, recall our delegated powers, and punish our servants for abusing the trust reposed in them. Oh, Sir, we should have fine times indeed, if to punish tyrants, it were only sufficient to assemble the people. Your arms wherewith you could defend yourselves, are gone. . . . Did you ever read of any revolution in any nation, brought about by the punishment of those in power, inflicted by those who had no power at all? You read of a riot act in a country [England] which is called one of the freest in the world, where a few neighbors cannot assemble without the risk of being shot by hired soldiery, the engines of despotism. We may see such an act in America. A standing army we shall have also, to execute the execrable commands of tyranny: And how are you to punish them? Will you order them to be punished? Who shall obey these orders? Will your Mace-bearer be a match for a disciplined regiment? In what situation are we to be? . . . .What resistance could be made? The attempt would be madness.  Patrick Henry, Speeches of June 5 and 7, 1788, before the Virginia Ratifying Convention, reprinted in The Anti-Federalist Papers and the Constitutional Convention Debates, pages 199-216, Mentor Books, 1986, edited by Ralph Ketchum.  What was the Federalist response? Here are a few examples I find illustrative:  Before a standing army can rule, the people must be disarmed; as they are in almost every kingdom of Europe. The supreme power in America cannot enforce unjust laws by the sword; because the whole body of the people are armed, and constitute a force superior to any bands of regular troops that can be, on any pretense, raised in the United States. A military force, at the command of Congress, can execute no laws, but such as the people perceive to be just and constitutional; for they will possess the power, and jealousy will instantly inspire the inclination, to resist the execution of a law which appears to them unjust and oppressive. Noah Webster, "An Examination into the Leading Principles of the Federal Constitution" (1787) in Pamphlets on the Constitution of the United States (P. Ford, 1888).  The power of the sword, say the minority of Pennsylvania, is in the hands of Congress. My friends and countrymen, it is not so, for the powers of the sword are in the hands of the yeomanry of America from sixteen to sixty. The militia of these free commonwealths, entitled and accustomed to their arms, when compared with any possible army, must be tremendous and irresistible. Who are the militia? Are they not ourselves? Is it feared, then, that we shall turn our arms each man against his own bosom? Congress shall have no power to disarm the militia. Their swords and every other terrible implement of the soldier, are the birth-right of an American ....[T]he unlimited power of the sword is not in the hands of either the federal or the state governments, but where I trust in God it will ever remain, in the hands of the People. Tench Coxe, Pennsylvania Gazette, Feb. 20, 1788.  Many people have forgotten that Tench Coxe was a close friend of James Madison. To assist Madison win approval for his Bill of Rights, Coxe wrote a treatise entitled: Remarks on the First Part of the Amendments to the Federal Constitution. In his "Remarks", Coxe described the 2nd. Amendment as follows:  As civil rulers, not having their duty to the people duly before them, may attempt to tyrannize, and as the military forces which must be occasionally raised to defend our country, might pervert their power to the injury of their fellow citizens, the people are confirmed by the article in their right to keep and bear private arms. Tench Coxe, Remarks on the First Part of the Amendments to the Federal Constitution. Published under the pseudonym, "A Pennsylvanian" in the Philadelphia Federal Gazette, June 18, 1789 at 2 Col. 1.  Coxe forwarded his work to Madison, who at the time was campaigning in New York to influence the citizens of that state to accept his amendments. Coxe, realizing that his Remarks could help sway popular opinion in New York, wrote to Madison saying:  It has appeared to me that a few well tempered observations on these propositions might have good effect. . . .It may perhaps be of use in the present turn of the public opinions in New York State. .  . Tench Coxe, 12 Madison Papers, pp. 239-240 (Rutland Ed. 1979) [Letter from Coxe to Madison, June 18, 1789].  Madison responded by thanking Coxe, and he noted that Coxe's printed remarks enclosed are already I find in the Gazettes here....  He then went on to state that his proposed amendments (including the 2nd.) were therefore already indebted to the co-operation of your pen. James Madison, 12 Madison Papers, p. 257 (Rutland Ed. 1979) [Letter from Madison to Coxe, June 24, 1789].  I guess my question is this: How can any of this be squared with the "collective right" theory? --------------------------------------------------------------- Experience should teach us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the Government's purposes are beneficent. Men born to freedom are naturally alert to repel invasion of their liberty by evil-minded rulers. The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding. Justice Louis Brandeis, Olmstead v. United States, 277 U.S. 438, 485 (1928).
I had to respond to this one.  So, to any gun owners, let me ask some questions, and please answer honestly.  How many guns do you own?  Two. Why is this important to you?  What kind of guns are they?  Legally owned and obtained pistols. Is that alright, or do you think I should exchange them for a different type? If so, why?  {N/A} Do you have children that are or were under the age of 19? If yes, Have your children ever touched or played with your gun? If yes, Have your children ever touched your gun outside of your supervision? If yes, Do you have a means of knowing whether or not you children has accessed your gun without your knowledge or consent?  If yes, have your ever educated or punished your child for inquiring or infringing up on your gun? {N/A}  Do you believe a family with a child should own a gun?  That's completely up to them. I wouldn't presume to form beliefs about what someone else's family chooses to do. If they want to own a gun, that's their business. What do you think, and why?  Do you believe it is necessary to own more than one gun?  For me, yes. Do you believe it is necessary for me to own less than one gun?  Do you believe it is necessary to own an assault rifle over say a shotgun?  Given the choice, I'd take the assault rifle. I have owned a shotgun before and since I don't hunt or shoot trap much I have little use for it. If you had the opportunity to shoot one, which would you be most interested in shooting?  Do you live in a neighborhood were violence and break-ins occur on a regluar basis?  I wouldn't say regular, but they are more frequent now than they were in the past. How's your neighborhood?  Do you own guns simply as a hobby, recreation, or means of protection?  All of the above. Primarily as a hobby, but since they are already there, I'd use them for defense over a baseball bat or kitchen knife since I believe I could hurt or kill an attacker before they got close enough to do me significant harm. Of your hobbies and sources of recreation, which would you find most useful in a life threatening situation?  In the event that you own a gun as a hobby, what is so interesting about them? Do you use the hobby guns?  I find it hard to distinguish between hobbies and recreation. I suppose guns appeal to the same part of me that hotrods do car enthusiasts. If you asked a car guy the same question, his answer would likely be just as intangible.  In the even that you own a gun for recreation, why?  See my answer above. I guess they satisfy the part of me that wants to do something interesting with the time I don't spend working or sleeping. Why do you do whatever hobbies or recreational activities you participate in?  In the event that you own a gun for safety, do you keep it loaded?  That's a tough question. It could be interpreted to imply that keeping a loaded gun for safety is illogical because an uloaded one is safer than a live one. If your intent is to ask whether I store my gun loaded, the answer is no. If you want to know if would attempt to protect myself from an attack with an unloaded gun, the answer is, again, no.   If you keep your gun loaded, is it locked up, away from you, or nearby?  Locking up a loaded gun renders it useless for defense. Away and nearby are relative. My proximity to my guns varies from direct physical contact to hundreds of miles.   If it is locked up away from you, how does it protect you?  I protect myself. What protects you?  If it is near you, is it possible for someone to steal it?  No, unless I'm already dead.  If it is unloaded, do you keep it near you?  I'm not sure why the answer to this question is important to you, but I'll indulge. If I kept it near me unloaded, and kept it far from me loaded, I'd have to hire someone to do all the loading and unloading for me. Generally, if it's loaded and I performed the loading, it's near me.  If not, how does it protect you?  Again, I protect myself. If a gun makes that easier, then it follows that a loaded gun in close proximity will be better than an unloaded one locked in a basement.  Have you ever shot your gun while drunk? Have you ever shot your gun while under the influence of drugs?  The above two questions are so closely related I'll answer them simultaneously. No, that would be unsafe and illegal. Have you ever done anything that required concentration to be safe while under the influence of drugs or alchohol?  Do you think that many gun owners are negligent?  I think that the percentage of negligent gun owners will parallel the percentage of negligent people. What constitutes "many" could differ with your perspective.  Have you ever been negligent with a gun?  No. I wouldn't do anything that could cause my guns to be taken from me. Have you ever been negligent with something that was important to you?  How do you think guns and assault rifles get circulated?  I think they are circulated the same way all merchandise and property is circulated. I do find it interesting that you make a distinction between guns and assault rifles.   How does a gun owner propose that we stop unecessary gun violence?  What then, is necessary gun violence? First, I propose that we quit making the ridiculous distinction between "gun violence" and violence in general. Is violence involving a gun in some way more repugnant than basball bat violence, or car violence, or fist violence, or tire iron violence? Interesting that most people reading this will have never heard the term "fist violence", yet it occurs more frequently than "gun violence". The next thing I wpould propose is that we encourage an emphasis on honor, courtesy, hospitality, ettiquette, individual responsibility for our actions, and common sense.  Does your proposal consider all of your answers above?  After reviewing my answers, I don't think there is a conflict of interest.  Can you propose any other self-defense options other than owning a gun?  I am open to any suggestions that will allow me to immediately kill or render completely harmless anyone who attacks with intent to injure or kill me or those I care about.  Are you a member of the NRA?   No, but supposedly Michael Moore is. Could one infer that Michael Moore shares the sentiments of other NRA members based solely upon his membership? If not, then this question has no merit.  Are you white?  I'm not going to answer this one. By the time you have read this far, you probably already have a mental image of me based upon your associations of my responses with preconceived stereotypes. I ask that you tell me what race you think I belong to, and how you arrived at that conclusion. I believe we can learn a lot more about your way of thinking from your response than you could possibly hope to learn about me based upon my race.   On a completely different note, and in response to all the talk of military uses of firearms, I find it fascinating that the same people who are adamantly opposed to the preemptive disarmament of hostile nations wish to disarm their friends and neighbors at a time which an armed populace might become necessary if the war on terror makes it onto American soil again.
Are you afraid of guns?  If not, then do you admit that guns are not to be feared, rather the people that weild them?  Do you fear people?  Do you believe that you would be able to handle, transport, and store a gun safely if you absolutely had to?  If so, do you somehow believe that you are different from your fellow citizens in that respect? That is, do you believe you are somehow endowed with greater judegment than people who do not share your beliefs?  When you go about your daily business, how often do you think about the potential danger that guns present to you or your family?  Do you make decisions based upon the possibility of guns being discharged in your presence?  If you were faced with a situation that required you to kill an attacker in order to save your own life or that of a loved one, would you rather die?  Would you deny others the ability to make that decision for themselves?  Do you believe that the risk to your self and family from legal gun owners is greater than the risk from criminal gun owners?  If a complete ban on guns were implemented, do you believe that all gun owners (leagal and criminal) would obediently turn them in?  Do you realize that should this occur, the only civilians who own guns would be criminals, because the very act of a law abiding citizen's refusal to turn in his guns would make him a criminal, effectively creating a whole new group of armed criminals?  If you do not believe that gun ownership is a right, do you believe that you have a right to defend yourself?  If so, do you have the right to use the most effective defense at your disposal?  If not, why do you believe people have no right to defend themselves.  Do you believe it is important to have a military to defend our nation from attack?  Do you believe that we have a right (as a nation) to defend ourselves from attack?  How often do you make decisions based upon the possibility of an attack from terrorists or other countries?  Do you believe that the second amendment makes you less safe?  What is your mental image of the typical legal gun owner?  Do you believe yourself to be more intelligent than your image of the typical gun owner?   If so, is there any reason for this beyond your distaste for guns, and your inability to understand the reason for owning them?  Have you ever envied another person?  Have you ever wanted to prevent another person from enjoying something that you find distasteful?  Do you believe that you could significantly improve our government if you were given "free reign" to change it as you see fit?  Would you make these changes even if the majority of your fellow citizens disagreed with them, because you believe they will eventually come to recognize the "benefits" of your system?  Finally, if there were a new constitutional amendment that made it so that the maximium number of laws to be imposed upon the people of this country would never exceed 200 laws, and in order to impose a new law, an old one would need to be abolished, would you feel uncomfortable?
[QUOTE=Mach]"A well-regulated Militia being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms shall not be infringed."  &#8212; Second Amendment to the U.S. Constitution   First it mentions militia, which we don't really have any more, you can argue that the original intent was for a different time in this country, but I'd rather not debate that point, I don't feel strongly about it either way.{/quote]  Oh, but we DO still have a militia, and you are part of it, as am I. In fact, the only difference between the militia today and the militia of the time of the writing of the constitution is that now, by federal law, WOMEN are also in the militia, before they were not (actually that is by constitutional ammendment).   Without the militia act, there is and can be no draft.    Second, they offer no definition of "Arms". So yes, the definition of what "Arms" are legal for civillians to own is clearly not in violation of this amendment. How about we keep "Arms" defined as those available at the time of the creation of the constiution? Oh, you mean you have the right to bear any weapon that comes into existence? No. So it's a grey area that is up for grabs.    "arms" meant the same thing then that it does now. This is simply nitpicking. Any 6 yr old kid can tell you what "arms" in the second amendment means and they would be correct. Further, since every supreme court since the very beginning has proclaimed "original intent" to be the most important factor in consideration of constitutional law, there is no "grey" area. The founding fatehrs wrote abotu the second ammendment exhaustively. It was the topic of more debate than any other ammendment. At the time it was a somewhat shocking concept. Give every man the absolute right to privatly own military weapons. Shocking, but that is exactly what the original intent of the founding fathers was.
"If not, then do you admit that guns are not to be feared, rather the people that weild them?"  I never got this line of argument.  Guns are more efficient at killing. Nukes are even more efficient. Yes, I fear a person wielding a "more efficient" killing tool more than I'd fear someone weidling a "less efficient" killing tool, even if the 2nd person was "meaner looking" ;)  It's not exclusive, they are both contributing factors:  X = How likley I think the person is to try to harm me/break the law S = Skill using the weapon E = Weapon killing efficiency R = Weapon killing range  X * (S+E+R) = F (Fear Factor)  Just being silly with the equation. But if a Navy Seal walks past me with an automatic weapon, I fear it more than an unarmed civillian, but I don't fear it a lot. I'd feel fairly safe. Put that same weapon in an unknown person's hands, it's scary. Put it in the hands of a young person or criminal, etc...very scary. Give any of them a baseball bat. I'm not so scared either way..etc.  -Mach  This might be a fundamental difference. Going through life making quick risk calculations about every passing stranger is not the way most of us want to live. (I realize you're just being silly.) :)  What is it about a navy seal that makes them safer with a gun? Training? You said yourself (in another thread) that it requires very little knowledge to understand how a firearm operates. Perhaps you are a strong person with some martial arts training, and that makes you confidant in your ability to defend yourself against a non-projectile weapon. Well, criminals know karate too. It isn't even illegal. Since I have no formal martial training, (in fact, I have only been in three fights in my life, two of which were in school and I avoid physical confrontations if at all possible) I feel safer if I have an "equalizer" to help protect myself.  Why are you less scared of a person with a baseball bat? Almost every young person has easy access to them, they are cheap, easily available, unregulated, and deadly. A convicted violent felon can walk into any sporting goods retailer and buy one immediately with no waiting period or background check. And even though they are hard to conceal, cops are unlikely to stop someone for carrying one. I can walk into a local convenience store with a bat without anyone batting an eye. :D  Schools usually have plenty of them on site, and hand them out to children as if it's perfectly safe to do so. In fact, many schools have archery programs! You'd think the temptation to drve a bat through their classmates skulls, or implale them on an arrow would drive them to unheard of levels of rage and violence. Is a bow not a weapon? Was it not "designed" to kill at long range? Yet we trust that most shool children (who have access to powerful deadly weapons at school) won't bash each other's brains out. They apparently don't want to go around killing each other. I'll bet that the same kids who refuse to succumb to the temptation of slaying each other with bows and arrows, driving sharpened spikes of wood and lead (pencils) into each other's flesh, and crushing each other's bones with baseball bats would refuse to shoot each other with guns as well.  Columbine? Those kids were plotting violence for a long time, and if guns weren't available, they would have used something else. What's to stop them from poisoning the food in the cafeteria? They could have killed even more people that way. Perhaps guns made their murderous rampage less effective, and poison is even more readily available.   The fact is, there is something very different about people who murder, and access to weapons isn't it.
How about we keep "Arms" defined as those available at the time of the creation of the constiution? Oh, you mean you have the right to bear any weapon that comes into existence? No.  would this mean that the right to a free press would only include the presses of the time. ones that are unable to turn out high volumes of newspapers? and would not cover any of the technology that has come after?
Maybe, but it doesn't exclude the fact that someone with a gun is potentially more deadly than someone without one. And you can never tell who has the capacity and who doesn't. It's just an arms race. So criminals have guns, now if you want to feel safe you might feel you also need a gun. If it were left at knives and such, someone that most everyone has if they have a stocked kitchen, or a $20 bat, would be even in the arms race. And more importantly, the range is hand-to-hand range, again, making it less likely that you won't have chance to defend yourself, and fleeing is much more effective.   The fact is, people vary greatly in their capacity to defend themselves in hand-to-hand combat. If a firearm saves one person's life from being beaten to death, it's worth it.  I agree that a person walking down the street with a military style firearm would raise some eyebrows, but how often do you see that happen? I've never seen it happen before. What I have experienced is another story entirely. I used to work for a land surveyor. The section of town that my crew was assigned to has some of the worst crime in the city. One of our crew chiefs was shot in the stomach, and had over 14 inches of his intestine removed, and months of recovery. The way it happened was the crew chief, his son, and one other employee were measuring a house when a man rode up to the son on a bicycle. He pulled a gun on the boy and demanded his wallet. The crew chief was close enough to hit the gun with his clipboard to give his son a chance to run. The attacker turned and fired all six shots out of his revolver at the crew chief, and hit him twice in the abdomen.  After discussing it with him months later, he told me that if he had had a gun, he would have had enough time to shoot the attacker (as is evident in the fact he was able to hit the attacker's gun out of the way with the clipboard) before anyone got hurt. On several occasions, the crew I worked on was threatened by the very type of thugs you described with racial slurs and threats of "I'll hack you up ------". Another time, we were working three blocks away from a shooting. I was behind the theodolite reading off the side of a house, and I heard several gunshots. I quickly stepped under the awning of the house for a minute or so in case any bullets might have gone into the air. After we completed the job about a half hour later, we drove over to see what had happened. Wouldn't you know it, we beat the police there. We saw a car riddled with bullets wrecked against a telephone pole, and nobody in sight. I guess whoever was driving wasn't hit, so they abandoned the scene. I began to carry a weapon when we had to work in those areas, and felt much more secure. My job performance improved, and I was much less stressed out at work. If we allow police to defend themselves with firearms, they should be good enough for citizens as well.  I can tell you with complete candor that I would feel no safer if there were a complete ban on guns. That would not stop a group of thugs from attacking me. As an instrument man, I am in charge of a stationary instrument on a tripod that cannot be moved without wasting time and money on the job re-establishing a baseline. In addition, the machine is worth more money than the truck we use to drive to job sites. Often, an instrument man is left alone for several minutes at a time while the rest of the crew goes in search of monumentation several blocks away. A lone man, unarmed, in a hostile neighborhood where he is unwanted by the residents is an easy target. It's a wonder that in the six years I worked for the company, there was only one attack.   Why is this so disturbing to you?  Are you really concerned that law abiding gun owners will flip out and start shooting people for no good reason? Or are you upset that you can't go around picking fights with people without risking getting shot?   So, to counter your point, yes. I am potentially as deadly as anyone who might attack me when I am armed with a gun. I wouldn't have it any other way. I don't have to spend money I can't afford, and time I don't have to learn how to defend myself in hand-to-hand combat, I can simply pull out my gun, and blow an attacker away without breaking a sweat. And because anyone can be potentially deadly by carrying a handgun, criminals will be less inclined to go around attacking innocent people. If they give the slightest care about their life, they will think twice before attacking someone.  In a world where everyone is armed, nobody has an advantage. It stikes me odd that the same people who come down on the gun control side of issues do everything they can to make life fair and even for everyone. Overtaxing the wealthy, affirmative action, minumum wage increases... All are aimed at making things "fair". Why not give people a fair chance at defending themselves? Interestingly, these same people who would disarm their fellow Americans are rigidly opposed to preemptive disarmament of hostile nations armed with WMD's! If another nation who would kill us all if they could can be trusted with nukes and bioweapons, I'll go ahead and trust the guy across the street with a revolver. Why can't you?
Not if it causes more than it prevents, if it saves one life and costs two, that's fair?  Your personal story sounds reasonable, however, much of your fear seems to be partially centered around the gun crimes in the area. I also think your co-worker could have, I'd say statistically, fared better had his attacker only had a knife. Don't you? The cop car would not have been riddled with bullets either, causing whatever injuries we don't know about. I have no issues with you carrying a gun, you obviously don't sound like the average criminal, and being in a dangerous area as you mention, with our lax gun laws, yes, I'd support you owning and carrying one...as you said, for mental security alone it's worth it.  But as I said, I think if gun laws were more restrictive as a whole, it wouldn't be so risky. If a gang approaches you, get in your car and haul-it. If one person approaches, whip out the mace or tear gas or just jog away. That won't fit every situation, I know, I'm just showing how situations don't have to escelate to fatality, and guns being present always seems to crank that escelation up. And handguns make it easy for someone to walk around the PUBLIC space, with a gun, without being seen. You can't stroll around the street with a rifle and not be obvious, and it's in these PUBLIC areas that we seem to have the fear and worry (as in your case, as well as in mine).  http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/00046149.htm#00001168.gif  (from http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/00046149.htm)  Why are so many kids getting killed by FIREARMS?  I don't think we have enough of an educated/stable society (in all states) to have such lax gun laws. I think if we shaped up our overall crime rates and reduced poverty, etc., we could be entitled to more lax firearm laws without a significant increase in homicides/violent crimes. So in that way, yes, people are MORE so the problem than the weapons, however, without the weapons people don't seem to participate in as many homicides.  As I said, I don't feel strongly yet, either way, I'm still exploring this topic.  I agree with your idea that crime is a people problem, not a gun problem. That a stable, prosperous, and just society will deal with crime and gun crime together.   I don't agree with your solution.  That is like saying:  1) If people don't vote for the right president. Then we will take away the right to vote until they learn how to vote for the right president.  2) People don't need the right to remain silent. Good people don't need it, but bad people do. Until bad people learn to be good, then the right to remain silent will be taken away from EVERYONE.  3) People don't get the right to a free press until they learn to read and write properly.  4) People don't get the right to worship God until the learn to responsibly worship God.  ....Shall I continue?  Rights are removed only AFTER a person has been convicted by a judge and jurry and NEVER before. Statistics, social studies, and criminal probabilities are NEVER justification to remove 1 person's rights. That one person must be found guilty of a specific crime and convicted, then thier rights are removed, but never before. That is our system of justice and democracy.  What you propose is to remove rights and pass a guilty judgement on me with 0 crime commited, no judge, no jurry, and no convicted. You are basing your reason to remove rights based on the statisical probability of me commiting a crime. That NEVER happens in our democracy for ANY reason.  There is no such thing as:  1) Giving giving speeding tickets to 10 out of 10 passing a stop light, based on the sample 99% of drivers in my county speed.  2) If 1% of people shop lift, then that is probable cause (4th Amedment) to search 100% of people leaving a shopping mall.  If you want to restrict me or a group of people of thier rights, then we all get a trial. You must prove us guilty before you remove our rights, but never before.
Not if it causes more than it prevents, if it saves one life and costs two, that's fair?  Your personal story sounds reasonable, however, much of your fear seems to be partially centered around the gun crimes in the area. I also think your co-worker could have, I'd say statistically, fared better had his attacker only had a knife. Don't you? The cop car would not have been riddled with bullets either, causing whatever injuries we don't know about. I have no issues with you carrying a gun, you obviously don't sound like the average criminal, and being in a dangerous area as you mention, with our lax gun laws, yes, I'd support you owning and carrying one...as you said, for mental security alone it's worth it.  But as I said, I think if gun laws were more restrictive as a whole, it wouldn't be so risky. If a gang approaches you, get in your car and haul-it. If one person approaches, whip out the mace or tear gas or just jog away. That won't fit every situation, I know, I'm just showing how situations don't have to escalate to fatality, and guns being present always seems to crank that escalation up. And handguns make it easy for someone to walk around the PUBLIC space, with a gun, without being seen. You can't stroll around the street with a rifle and not be obvious, and it's in these PUBLIC areas that we seem to have the fear and worry (as in your case, as well as in mine).  http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/00046149.htm#00001168.gif  (from http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/00046149.htm)  Why are so many kids getting killed by FIREARMS?  I don't think we have enough of an educated/stable society (in all states) to have such lax gun laws. I think if we shaped up our overall crime rates and reduced poverty, etc., we could be entitled to more lax firearm laws without a significant increase in homicides/violent crimes. So in that way, yes, people are MORE so the problem than the weapons, however, without the weapons people don't seem to participate in as many homicides.  As I said, I don't feel strongly yet, either way, I'm still exploring this topic.  I agree that there are plenty of people that have no business owning a gun. Fortunately, the existing federal laws (18 USC 922 G) are comprehensive and more than adequate to prevent ownership by just such people. A plain language summary of these laws can be found here  Please take the time to read this summary (and the actual laws) before you make statements about how restrictive they are. I believe you will find the law to be thorough and reasonable. If it were actively enforced without any changes, the very people you are most concerned with wouldn't have access to guns. As it is now, they are in violation of the law, it's only a matter of enforcing it.  I'll agree that my co worker could have fared better if everyone had been armed with knives. Still, people did a good job of conquering nations before guns were invented. Presumably edged weapons were available to most nations, yet wars still occurred. It is the nature of humans to make war, on scales ranging from global conflicts to little gang fights in the streets.  If the shootings would have been replaced with slashing from knives and swords, leaving many people alive but disfigured, and causing slow, painful deaths from blade wounds, imagine the public outrage then. No wonder death by firing squad was considered a humane form of execution, it's far less painful and barbaric than death by knifing squad. Given the choice, I'd rather die from a gunshot than any other weapon. I stand a better chance of dying quickly.   Think about this. Dulling was a common practice in this country (particularly where I come from) for quite a while. It was mostly illegal, but people continued the practice anyway. As mass produced firearms became more accurate, more powerful, more affordable and more readily available, the practice was abandoned. Obviously laws weren't enough to prevent dulling. However, the ability to survive a duel became very difficult. Just another example of how modern firearms help prevent violence. Before, skill with a sword was often the deciding factor. Now, anyone could win a duel, so those people who used their superior fencing skills to bully others were stopped in their tracks. It's not as romantic, but it's a heck of a lot more civilized.  Depending on which country you choose as your model, firearms laws (or lack thereof) can be used to demonstrate that people do (or do not) participate in more (or less) murders. I read somewhere that Australia has a growing problem with sword homicides! People are resourceful, they will find ways to kill each other with whatever means is available.  I also believe that most people who pass the federal requirements for gun ownership will not choose killing as a first option. I know plenty of people who own guns. I have discussed defense scenarios with all of them. I don't believe any of them would not do their best to avoid shooting someone unless there was no other option. I, for instance, changed jobs. I no longer work in those crime infested areas. I have made a drastic change in my life to make myself safer. While I did feel much safer while working armed, I now no longer have to lug a heavy, bulky, uncomfortable pistol to work to feel safe anymore. Still, I like the fact that if the neighborhood where I now work went downhill fast, I have the right to use a gun to protect myself. I don't know what the statistics are for concealed carry permitees in my state are, but I read that since it's inception there are over 10,000 legal carriers, and only 3 shootings. All of them involved the permitee defending themselves and charges were either dropped or considered justifiable homicide.   The law states that it is illegal to take a life under any circumstances, unless you have a reason to believe you are in immediate danger and using deadly force is the only way to prevent it. I believe that anyone who is willing to go through all the proper legal channels to obtain a gun and a carry permit will not suddenly break down at the last minute and kill someone without doing their best to avoid it first. If this is the government's position, then it can be taken to mean that we do have a right to self defense, even if it means breaking a law (homicide) to do it.   If nobody broke the law, there would be no fear of violence. Violence is a problem of law enforcement, not legislation. We don't have enough honest, good policemen to enforce every little nitpicking law on the books. Since it's impossible to catch every person for every crime, I think leaving personal defense up to the individual's discretion is a wise decision. You can't sue the police if you get attacked, after all. Since your individual safety is left up to you, so should your options for ensuring it. The police seem to think handguns are an effective means of doing so. If police can't be there when we need them, at least their equipment can. You might ask how to get guns out of the hands of criminals before asking how to get guns out of the hands of people in general. You'd have to collect a lot less guns, and your efforts would be vastly more effective at reducing crime.  I enjoy shooting targets very much, and even bought a small caliber target pistol (which is worthless as a weapon) for that purpose. However, I would feel horrible if I ever had to shoot someone, and I believe most legal gun owners would as well. In fact, the only way I'd shoot someone is if they threatened to kill me and were in the process of carrying out their threats. Believe me, it's the last thing I'd want to have to live with on my conscience. Still, I find that infinitely more palatable than dying because I didn't do everything in my power to stay alive.   Finally, strong feelings on the topic or not, I enjoy debating with you. Keep up the good work! :)
But as I said, I think if gun laws were more restrictive as a whole, it wouldn't be so risky.   why? how many people who were LEGALY carriny a gun comitt crimes with them? there is a belefe that be out lawing guns it would make the streets safer. there is ampal evadance of outlawed materal being easly obtaniable on the streest. there have been miliataty arms made in bacements by kids when war had distroyed factories. if there is a demand for guns, some one will fill it.
These have nothing to do with the topic at hand  the topic at hand was why do you want to take MY guns?
I couldn't stand by any longer. I had to get involved.  These have nothing to do with the topic at hand, they can all be debated in their own right. You suggest that gun control advocates want to remove ALL guns, that's simply not true. They want more restrictions and a decrease in handguns for the most part. Basically, no one that really wants a gun for non-criminal reasons should be denied one, but they can't just say "yeah, I want one.", and get it without proving they can responsibly weild it. You know, same as going to fly a plane. You can't just get in one and legal start zooming around. You need to be trained, coached, get expensive experience flying, etc., etc. before you GET to take advantage of that right. No different.  I'm not worried about them banning all guns. That would never happen. I'm worried about them banning handguns or other certain firearms not used for hunting. They'll keep chipping away until we are at the same level the UK and Australia is. Crime in the UK is huge, they might not have the firearm deaths, but other instruments replaced firearms. Australia even had heavily regulate swords recently, because people were taking them to pubs and chopping off arms.  You can buy an plane and operate it over uninhabited land. Many of people do it each year without a problem in ultra lights. No license or training needed. For future reference, flying is a privilege not a right.  Far less than 1% of people commit acts of violence in airplanes, but they screen 100% of us. So I don't think that's a good example since it already happens(!) That the public safety outweighs certain rights, if the majority feels it's a worthwhile trade-off? That's true.  I see no entitlements to flying on planes in the Constitution. Fell free to point it out to me.  I'm not sure how this relates. Restricting rights through legislation has never required proof of guilt. Why would it now? Did the patriot act have to prove a civilian guilty before it invaded their right to privacy? Of course not. Heck, legisltators said point blank "we don't even read the entire bill, never have, never will." Talk about no trial, they don't even read the full document. The patriot act might have some worthwhile trade-offs, but they never asked you or me, and the legislators didn't really read it(!), so your rights can change in the blink of an eye. It's the battle afterwards that often enacts the change.  No, it doesn't need proof of guilt. On the other hand, any law violating the Constitution, no matter how good or bad, is null and void. You want to limit or ban certain firearms? Have the 2nd Amendment changed in the constitution so that it says you can. That's the proper and right way of doing it, like it or not.  I have given up so many "rights" to the irresponsible minority, that I've lost count. However, I often choose safety over indlugence, and generally those rights are focused around action in the public space, not private life. If I can still go home and do what I want, I don't care quite so much about toting a handgun around as I shop for groceries.  Ignorant people will always be so, there is not stopping them with laws. In public space, I have just as much right as anyone to do what I please so long as I am doing no harm to another person. That's why it's called public space. What if the government banned public assemblies or public churches. Would this not violate our right to peacfully assemble or worship in the manner we choose? They, just like restrictions on the 2nd Amendment, or violations of the Constitution.  I didn't see a response to the firearm rate link...any comment on that? Personally I was a bit shocked at the rate in this country compared to other countries.  I want to see overall numbers, resulting from any source of violence, not just firearms. Chances are things will be very different when seen that way. Removing firearms from society does not prevent crime, it prevents crime conducted with firearms (although not completely). Criminals then find suitable substitutes and continue with their lives. At the same time, you also severaly cut the public's ability to defend itself and society will see an increase in both criminal/victim confrontations and daylight home invasions due to lack of fear. This is all evident in the UK following their gun control.
I didn't see a response to the firearm rate link...any comment on that? Personally I was a bit shocked at the rate in this country compared to other countries. Look here Numbers out of context and with no comparison don't tell the whole story.
These have nothing to do with the topic at hand, they can all be debated in their own right. You suggest that gun control advocates want to remove ALL guns, that's simply not true. They want more restrictions and a decrease in handguns for the most part. Basically, no one that really wants a gun for non-criminal reasons should be denied one, but they can't just say "yeah, I want one.", and get it without proving they can responsibly weild it. You know, same as going to fly a plane. You can't just get in one and legal start zooming around. You need to be trained, coached, get expensive experience flying, etc., etc. before you GET to take advantage of that right. No different.  -Mach  You can fly a plane without a license or training. Your can buy a plane without a license or training. Who says that you need one? A plane is private property. Just pay the right taxes and the plane is yours. Then take the plane to your PRIVATE PROPERTY and take off and fly over your own private property, just as long as you don't fly over civil air space. You can do anything you want on your private property and the space above it that does not incur civil air space.  Your arguement would make sense if you need a licence to fly a plane. You don't.
Slippery slope? I understand this psychological fear, that giving an inch, even if it's the right thing to do, is bad because you fear you'll lose it all because...well, it's debatable. But it's not constructive IMO. If it's the right thing to do, you do it, and it doesn't mean a slow "erosion" of anything. I know in the polarized political arena, any inch given is an inch your opposition gains and therefore it's "evil". But we're the citizens, we generally have a much better understanding of where the sweet spot is with restrictions or allowances of the law.  We gave an inch, they took 5 miles. Gun control is a fairly new concept in this nation starting in the '30s with the NFA. Regulated and defined firearms, some more heavily then others. That's OK, we can handle that. The laws got even more strict in the late '60s with the GCA. Ok, you commit a Felony (not all of which are violent), you don't deserve a firearm, further restrictions are listed, but it's still ok. In the '80s, EOs and FOPA based on these two former laws actually banned firearms, before then they were just regulated. Whoops, looks like after they defined them and limited them to non-criminals, it just wasn't enough. We can handle it though, I don't own a machine gun and we can buy firearms like those banned from import here in the US. Fast forward to the '90s and they have banned AWs based on features, some of which effect target and hunting rifles and have no effect on firearm leathality. Yet you can accidently violate the law and land yourself 10 years in prison. Now they are even trying to ban .50 caliber target rifles because they're deadly and the military uses them. Any firearm can be deadly and we developed those rifles. The military thought it was a good idea and adopted them in the '80s. A bill submitted to reauthorize and make the AWB stricter by Feinstien basically bans all semi-auto rifles and gives authority to one figure to ban any firearm they please. These are all federal laws, and yes it is a slippery slope and it's going downhill at a 90 degree angle.  The proper way is whatever legistlation passes, don't confuse yourself with absoultes, since there are none. You must also think a number of laws currently on the books are "null and void", and since they aren't "null and void", I don't buy the argument that they "are". You can't own certain guns right now, and it's not null and void...  Any law violating the Constitution is null and void. The 2nd Amendment clearly states "...shall not be infringed." Anyone can tell that banning something from ownership is infringement. Since banning firearms started in the '80's, we would need SCOTUS case where firearm ownership was an issue. There hasn't been one to my knowledge and they keep not accepting such cases to prevent having to rule on such a controversial subject.   There is no stopping what ignorants/criminals will do, but you can certainly minimize the damage they do.  At what price? No current gun control law, since GCA (with the exception of Brady) has done a damn thing that can even be recognized in making a dent in crime. The CDC, the people from the link you posted, can't even determine whether gun control is effective via a report they made late last year. If you ban handguns, they move to sawed off rifles and shotguns, plus they're easier to buy. It doesn't matter that it's illegal to go below a 26" AOL, they're criminals. Ban full-auto (we already have) or semi-auto? They'll smuggled them from Mexico and Canada, the Hollywood shootout was a perfect example of this (full-auto).  From what I've read last night, I saw a number of statistics that pointed out that crime doesn't shift from one bracket to another like you might be pointing to. The link web site I linked above may have some of that, I'll certainly keep my eye out for that too. Much of comitting a crime is a threshold, guns can lower that threshold.  Look at crime rates in the UK, not just homocides. Then compare to crime rates in the US. Are their crime rates lower, if any?  People say things like "well get a better population that doesn't want to commit so many crimes." That's fine, we can work TOWARDS that too, but right now we're living with a high homicide rate with handguns, it's not enough to "hope for a more responsible population."   You have it all backwards. Don't ban the handguns, work towards improving society through laws first. Not only are you treating the source problem, you'll not be violating any constitutional rights in the process. Once you lose a right, the chances of getting it back are almost nothing. The AWB sunsetting was a one in million chance due to politician foresight, and the fact that they couldn't get it passed without it. emoticon_rolleyes
I understand this psychological fear, that giving an inch, even if it's the right thing to do, is bad because you fear you'll lose it all because...well, it's debatable. But it's not constructive IMO. If it's the right thing to do, you do it, and it doesn't mean a slow "erosion" of anything. I know in the polarized political arena, any inch given is an inch your opposition gains and therefore it's "evil". But we're the citizens, we generally have a much better understanding of where the sweet spot is with restrictions or allowances of the law.   Doing the right thing is not what's in question here. Taking guns away is what we are discussing. Many of us don't believe that is the right thing to do.  I feel very strongly about 2nd amendment rights. In fact, I think the current laws are too restrictive. I'd love to get my hands on a full auto mac 10 and go out on my friend's land and rip through a couple of high capacity magazines just for the sheer delight of it. I wouldn't be hurting anyone, but we can't do this because it's illegal. Heck, I think it'd be awesome if you could buy RPG's and go shoot them at junk cars as long as you're on private property. As long as you aren't hurting anyone, what's the problem? Well, the problem is that some people misuse guns. Most people do not. I'll happily support any legislation that attacks the problem at it's source, the people that misuse guns. Leave the band-aid solutions for skinned knees. I agree that there is too much violence in America. I agree that something drastic needs to be done about it. But I don't agree that chiiping away at freedom is the right thing to do.   Democracy is supposed to be majority rules, right? Well, if the majority of guns never get used in a crime, then I don't think there is a good reason to do away with any of them. Since it's not illegal to talk about breaking a law that doesn't exist, I can tell you with complete candor that should a law be passed that required me to turn in my guns, I'd go bury them in a sealed container somewhere. And I'll bet you'd have more holes dug in the woods by otherwise law abiding citizens than any other time in the history of men digging holes.  American gun owners don't want to give an inch, because most of us feel like we have already conceded too much. We are your neighbors and relatives, your co-workers and friends. We are normal people who lead normal lives and don't want to hurt anyone any more than you do. We happen to enjoy the recreation and protection that we derive from our firearms, and resent the fact that our rights are being infringed because of the actions of a few criminals and XXXXXX.
Actually, you can buy a grandfathered full-auto MAC, they're also cheap as far as the remaining full-autos go at $3000. But I don't have $3000, and it's a $200 gun they're charging that for. If you have the money, just make sure your state allows it, find one for sale and do the paper work.
What's law is law, you can't say "null and void", or "violating", they have no reference. The law is the law, and the courts interpret the law. There is no other law. Stop getting it all mixed up.  Do you even know how our government works? OK, think of it as a hierarchy. The Constitution is at the top, setting the guidlines for how things work, everything that comes after that must fall within the guidelines. If it doesn't, then is unconstitutional aka null and void. Congress has, at many times, passed unconstitutional laws, they must then get sent to the SCOTUS and get ruled on. If it gets ruled unconstitutional, it's null and void. Anyway, there are more than enough writings by the founders and their reasons for the Second Amendment to be able to rule many of the gun laws on the book null and void. It's just matter of getting it to the SCOTUS for a ruling. See emclean's post on SCOTUS's rulings. Those that do exist would automatically kick the FOPA amendment and AWB off the books.  The FIRST amendment is a right to free speech. Yet you can't say certain things BY LAW on broadcast. Yet oddly enough..., there are countless examples of laws that add the fine details to the constitutional rights for the good of the country and curb, to some degree, the broadly interpreted rights granted by amendments.   -Mach  The fact remains that the 2nd Amendment only has two parts that can be interpreted. The first is the 'militia,' this is covered by US Code Title 10, Subtitle A, Part I, chapter 13, Sec. 311. You are the militia. Did you sign up for Selective Service? Then you are registered nationally with the government as the militia. The second loose interpretations is the word 'arms.' This was ruled on by the SCOTUS in US v. Miller. Any firearms that can be proven to have a use in the militia is covered under the 2nd Amendment. What do you know? Seems quite a few laws out there are null and void like I said. The Patriot Act is also null and void based on the 4th Amendment, but once again, good luck getting a ruling on it.
Did you sign up for Selective Service? Then you are registered nationally with the government as the militia.  to be truthful, mach would only be milita if he is with in the ages of 17 - 45, by the letter of the law.  The FIRST amendment is a right to free speech. Yet you can't say certain things BY LAW on broadcast.   true, there are also places where you will be serched for showing up, there are places where if you play your car radio too loud is can be taken on the spot. dose that mean we should stop fighting for the courts to RAED what is writen in the Constitution, or should we just except what ever the goverment wants to do to us?
The battle has been won, but we are still in a war for our liberties. With the " Assault Weapons" ban about to expire we have truly taken a step foward in regaining our Liberty!
but now full automatic uzi 47's will be runing arount spraying there 16 in shells all over the street, no one is safe!!! emoticon_xkill emoticon_xchicken
Actually, a guy I talked to used a .40 S&W UZI carbine for hunting deer in southern Florida. I also have some .mpgs of people using them in timed competitions, even with *gasp* silencers. FYI, you can still buy UZIs, you always could. They just can't be imported anymore. Want to buy one? Check these guys out: http://www.vectorarms.com/guns/UZI_Page.htm Are you still sure the AWB is preventing lunatics from going on shooting sprees in the streets? If so...  What did the AWB do? How about a little bit of "show and tell".  http://www.markii.org/images/aw.jpg
i never liked crome barrels on the AR, i have a carry handle and press on flash supresser. hopeful i will be building a handgun AR soon.
Why would I need an UZI?   why do you need a SUV, a house, anything for a hobby?  why do you need rights? why do you think we need the goverment to play perant to us?
I don't need an SUV.  I need a house for the obvious reasons.  I don't think the governement should be our parents but they are. When drugs are legal, you can have your UZI. When I don't have to pay FICA, you can have your UZI. When titties can be shown on TV, you can have your UZI. Actually, no one can stop you from buying your UZI anyway.  You do realize that we aren't talking about machineguns don't you? Uzi's and AK-47's fall under different regulations and are NOT affected by the AWB.  We are talking about firearms that only "look" like MG's but that's it.
How long has fully automatic weapons been outlawed? Since the 1940&#8217;s?   The sunset of this law will not bring back full automatic weapons. Very few crimes were committed with non-full-automatic weapons. The vast majority of crimes are committed with handguns.   I heard today that Kerry said he hunted deer with a shot gun. Is that true. That would be cruel IMO. An Uzi would be better. The deer would die quickly without suffering.  Full Automatic Uzi&#8217;s would still be illegal. The Assault Weapons ban had no effect on full automatic weapons. It was a law against weapons that looked menacing. Many hunting rifles are more damaging than an assault weapon.   I am glad the law was sunsetted.
UZIs are made in semi-auto form, such as those made by Vector Arms at that link. The semi-auto variety operate on a closed bolt mechanism which makes them surprisingly accurate. I know for a fact that the 9mm models can hold 2-3" groups at 100 yards. That's pretty good for even older hunting rifles.  Full-autos were regulated in 1934, but could still be owned. They had to be registered though, you could even make your own. They were banned (with existing stocks grandfathered) in 1986 via an amendment to the FOPA bill.  A shotgun is not inhuman for hunting, following certain guidelines. Just as hunting with an assault rifle or handgun is not inhumane. Though, if he hunts with his over/unders, I would be highly suspicous. They have no way of firing slugs accurately (smoothbores) and have no aiming devices beyond a bead. He may use buckshot, but very few places allow its use. He would have to explain himself some more on the issue to even approach me taking his word.
sorry, I was spilling over from another thread  yea, i am one of the multitude that had no idea about the AWB until a few days ago, when I hear "assault weapon" I immediately picture a fully automatic high-power rifle with a huge clip (a machine gun, if you will)  apparently, (and perplexingly) that's not what was banned under the "assault weapon" ban (tip: don't listen to me, i have no idea what i'm talking about on this one)   Thanks for admitting you didn't understand what one was. Most posters would just cover thier ears and continue to post and remain ignorant of the what one actually was.  A quick answer on what the AWB is...  "ugly" guns. Rifles that looked like full-autos (but weren't) were targeted in the ban. Things like "flash hiders" and bayonet lugs made them AWs. Rifles that didn't have these "evil" features weren't considered AWs.  After the ban was enacted manufacturers then removed the offending items that made the rifles AWs then sold the new "post-ban" rifles. Remember mechanically they were the same as the AWs but cosmetically they were different.  As soon as these rifle got on the market the gun haters said the manufacturers had evaded the AWB by using "loopholes" in the law that allowed them keep selling the rifles. Funny...the mfgs removed all of the "bad" things that made a rifle "evil"...turns out they wanted the guns banned period...didn't matter what they looked like.
I don't need an SUV.  I need a house for the obvious reasons.  I don't think the governement should be our parents but they are. When drugs are legal, you can have your UZI. When I don't have to pay FICA, you can have your UZI. When titties can be shown on TV, you can have your UZI. Actually, no one can stop you from buying your UZI anyway.  Unlike drugs and porno, guns are protected by the constitution.
Why would I need an UZI? So I can pawn it? So someone can break into my house and steal it while I'm at work?   Why would anyone use an UZI to hunt deer? Aren't those things not so accurate?  Sir I have seen that excuse elsewhere. Are you implying that if my guns are stolen I bare some kind of responsibility? Is that what you are saying?  Well I have news for you. I don't. That is not how our justice system or our democracy works. I'm NOT responsible for someone elses decisions to break the law.  The thief decided to break into my home himself. The thief decided to break the law himself. I did not aide the thief in any way. I am not responsible. Are you trying to say otherwise? Are you saying that if my VCR gets stolen it is my fault? Are you saying that if my stolen VCR is used to copy movies illegaly I am at fault? Is that what are you trying to say? Are you saying that if I never owned a VCR or gun that they would never have been stolen and that makes it my fault? Is that what you are trying to say? Please advise.
   I am glad the law was sunsetted.  What? Your crazy. Your all crazy. In 10 years there has not been a single bayonet attack. It is obvious the law is working. You need to look harder at the truth and not at NRA propaganda. Common use some independant thinking.  We need to keep this law to save our children form the series of violent bayonet attacks that will be unleashed upon us when this law expires.
I need a house for the obvious reasons.  why? a nice goverment appartment or barracks would do the same.  I heard today that Kerry said he hunted deer with a shot gun. Is that true. That would be cruel IMO. An Uzi would be better. The deer would die quickly without suffering.  you use a slug when hunting a deer, not buck shot.  Full Automatic Uzi's would still be illegal.  $200 tax stamp, get aprovival from your CLEO, and the ATF, and it is legal.
victory!     molon Labe!
What? Your crazy. Your all crazy. In 10 years there has not been a single bayonet attack. It is obvious the law is working. You need to look harder at the truth and not at NRA propaganda. Common use some independant thinking.  We need to keep this law to save our children form the series of violent bayonet attacks that will be unleashed upon us when this law expires.    Please tell me that you're joking? Then I will respond to your comments.
Please tell me that you're joking? Then I will respond to your comments.    I believe that, my friend, is called "SARCASM"
I believe that, my friend, is called "SARCASM"   I was hoping so.
I'm mad! VPC lied! I was looking all day to day and couldn't find any AWs on the streets lying around for the taking or being sold on street corners. Oddly enough, there wasn't blood flowing like a river either. I think we should file suit for their misinterpretation of what the expiration would lead to... emoticon_xbye
LOL, RooK. Great response. emoticon_xbye
Anyone that thinks Uzi's are inaccurate definetly does'nt know enough about firearms to be telling people what kinds they can own.
Because it was used for hunting deer and might still be legal in some places. It's pretty humane at close distance too. It's similar to hitting a deer in the vitals with several .30cal or larger lead bullets at once.
I'm just being a nitpick here, but if it's not used for hunting deer then why is it called buck shot?  It is used for hunting deer in some places. I have killed a deer with buck shot before. Anymore, it is mostly used for hogs and defense.   Anyone that thinks Uzi's are inaccurate definetly does'nt know enough about firearms to be telling people what kinds they can own  Any uzi that has seen use is fairly inaccurate. This is because the uzi was designed as a short range defensive weapon that could be pushed into production rapidly. For what it is, the uzi is a fine weapon.  The problem you run into with the uzis, even the good ones (my experince has been that the chinese ones are better than the israli ones. The chinese didn't blindly copy the uzi, they made some changes andd removed some known failings), is that right out of the box the barrel mountig system leaves something to be desired. Back off your barrel nut and give the barrel a twist. It will jiggle in either direction fairly easily. If your barrel was straight, this would not be much of a problem. Gun barrels are rarely completely straight. They don't need to be (put a laser on one and you may be surprised) and the cost of handf straightening them (which is the best method) is prohibitive.  If you take the Uzi and mill the back of the barrel mounting flange, and where the barrel flange mates with the reciver (so you have a good, smooth mounting surface) it will do wonders for acuracy. Then, tkae the barrel and add material to the flange. Precision grind it and the mating surface on the reciver, taking all the jiggle out of it (so you can't rotate it at all even with the barrel nut loose).   Now, chrome plate evrything in there (engineering grade chrome, not shiny stuff. It doesn't need to look pretty) to keep it from wearing.  If you have an israeli uzi or one of the group industry or vector jobbers, pull ut the barrel trunion (requires welding) and heat treat it. The factory heat treat on these was terrible (one of the problems the chinese fixed). Now, pull your lower reciver off, remove the sear disconnector, and have a new one made that is about 3/64 taller. this will reduce the trigger pull in both distance an weight (trigger pull ont he Uzi has always been terrible).   You now have a weapon that, using the proper ammunition, is capable of an accurate takedown at 300 meters or more. The 9mm, custom loaded for the S/A uzis 16" barrel (slower burning powder but with higer charge) is a great round and is a capable medium distance round (200-300 yds). The Uzi reciever is more than capable of taking the extra pressure (unless it is a vector, in which case the back end of the reciver will start to split at the weld).   Without modification, the Uzi is, in all practicality, a "paper plate" weapon at 100 meters (you can probably hit a paper plate if you are good).  Of course, this is still better than the sigs that law enforcement officers carry, which is a paper plate weapon at 40 meters.
A lot of positive changes came about when Mossberg took over importation of UZIs, including closed bolt on selectfire models and the like. They also had one of their Mini-UZI selectfire models tested by GWLE modified for closed bolt operation and it could keep fist sized groups at 100 yards. I also know of one guy who uses a carbine UZI in .40 S&W for deer hunting. I'd personally like one in 10mm.
A lot of positive changes came about when Mossberg took over importation of UZIs, including closed bolt on selectfire models and the like. They also had one of their Mini-UZI selectfire models tested by GWLE modified for closed bolt operation and it could keep fist sized groups at 100 yards. I also know of one guy who uses a carbine UZI in .40 S&W for deer hunting. I'd personally like one in 10mm.  cerainly quality went up (I have one of the older ones, and the quality is terrible). They were still purchasing cheap, stamped and welded weapons. I think the worst problems were elds at the back of the reciever breaking (this was not just a problem with the vecotr units), poor heat treating of internal weld pack components (feed ramp, trunion, etc...) and the poor fit of the barrel to the reciever.  You can certainly get good, accurate results form even a stock Uzi as long as tyou crank down on the barrel nut hard enough to ensure 0 barrel movement (not hard to do) and re-sight it EVERY time you take the barrel off.  If you don't want to mess with that, make the mods mentioned above and you will have a weapon whcih rivals the MP5 for accuracy and blows it out of the water when it comes to reliability.  Currently I have Uzis in 2 different calibers. The standard 9mm (of course) and .45 ACP. My personal favorite for general shooting is the 9mm. My favorite for close quarters defense is the .45.
Hold on to that .45, I hear the bolts are getting hard to come by. An UZI is next on my list after an AR varient. I'm currently reworking my .308 Saiga to a psuedo Galil. After that's overwith I'll build the AR and start looking at Vector UZIs. There's this one guy I talked to who sells 10mm barrels (along with other calibers) for them, and that would make a nice woods carbine for deer. Wonder how much work it would take to get it to accept Glock 20 mags? He recommend .45 mags or the grease mag conversion and modifying feed lips.
Hold on to that .45, I hear the bolts are getting hard to come by. An UZI is next on my list after an AR varient. I'm currently reworking my .308 Saiga to a psuedo Galil. After that's overwith I'll build the AR and start looking at Vector UZIs. There's this one guy I talked to who sells 10mm barrels (along with other calibers) for them, and that would make a nice woods carbine for deer. Wonder how much work it would take to get it to accept Glock 20 mags? He recommend .45 mags or the grease mag conversion and modifying feed lips.  Of course I will hold onto it. They are too good to let go of. All kind of fun to play with.  You migh REALLY look into one of the Chinese ones. They need a little work (primarily cosmetic) to get them into shape, but they are a superior weapon th the Vector or the GI model (I have had all 3).   All parts are fully interchangable, but the chinese Uzi can often be had for $300 used (you would REALLY be pushing to find a used vector for that).   Define "Pseudo Galil" please.
A Norinco for $300? Heck, I'd jump all over that! Problem is, everyone I see for sell is over the net and for more than a new Vector due to collectability, especially since my area isn't exactly one to find used military-style rifles. Here, you're more likely to run into old lever actions, single actions and bolt rifles at gun shops. I had to special order my Saiga.  Pseudo Galil: Convert to pistol grip, install Galil PG, Galil-style folding stock, Galil-style forend, gas block front sight, receiver cover rear sight, flash suppressor, thumb saftey, Galil-style mag release housing, upturned bolt carrier handle. Also convert to hicap eventually. It's not a 100% clone (can't be with an AK stamped reciever), but is very close in looks/function.  Any chance you might know where affordable 25rnd .308 Galil mags can be had? I was hoping with the AWB expiring that new ones might get manufactured and/or imported.
A Norinco for $300? Heck, I'd jump all over that! Problem is, everyone I see for sell is over the net and for more than a new Vector due to collectability, especially since my area isn't exactly one to find used military-style rifles. Here, you're more likely to run into old lever actions, single actions and bolt rifles at gun shops. I had to special order my Saiga.  not long ago I sold most of one (it needed a new barrel and one of the grips was cracked) for $200. $200+bbl ($29)+grip (29.00 from Tapco, and includes a folding stock for free!) = Norinco Uzi for less than $275.   What kind of old lever guns?   Any chance you might know where affordable 25rnd .308 Galil mags can be had? I was hoping with the AWB expiring that new ones might get manufactured and/or imported.  Don't you have gun shows in your neck of the woods? At the last Topeka gun and knife show, I picked up a handful of Uzi mags (25 rd) for $5 each, a handful of Galil mags for $10 each, and a half dozen AK mags (30rd) for $5 each. They were used, of course (mil surplus I am sure), but then, so are my guns, so they match :) )  Gun shows are sometimes a good source for old AWs, depending on your location. I got the Norinco 9mm I have now in pittsburgh, Ks for $300. $800 for the same gun in Kansas City.
not long ago I sold most of one (it needed a new barrel and one of the grips was cracked) for $200. $200+bbl ($29)+grip (29.00 from Tapco, and includes a folding stock for free!) = Norinco Uzi for less than $275.  Where were you last August when I paid more than that for my Saiga?  What kind of old lever guns?  Just your generic 94s and 336s being abandoned for more modern gadetry. Did get a deal on a excellent condition SBH for $200 one time though, turn around and sold it this summer to the brother-in-law for the same price.   Don't you have gun shows in your neck of the woods? At the last Topeka gun and knife show, I picked up a handful of Uzi mags (25 rd) for $5 each, a handful of Galil mags for $10 each, and a half dozen AK mags (30rd) for $5 each. They were used, of course (mil surplus I am sure), but then, so are my guns, so they match :) )  We have them, but their nothing to get excited over. We do have knob creek though, but I'm usually busy with college during the times it's mg shoot is held each year, most people there are wanting Class III buyers anyway.  Gun shows are sometimes a good source for old AWs, depending on your location. I got the Norinco 9mm I have now in pittsburgh, Ks for $300. $800 for the same gun in Kansas City.  I think I need someone like you to act as a scout for me, I'll get better deals that way. :P
I think I need someone like you to act as a scout for me, I'll get better deals that way. :P  Find a buddy in oklahoma city. Ok city is a buyers market. You can pick up stuff cheaper in gun stores there than you would pay for it out of the news paper around here.
I see you Americans deal as loosely with the French and Spanish languages, as you do with English!  Surely it is something like Viva Libertad , or Vive la Liberte, but Viva La Liberty  ????? emoticon_rolleyes :)    Leo  I think it's a twist on lousy use of French in movies. BTW, your former would definately be Spanish.  Tu hablas espanol? No me gusta hablar espanol. :(
I think I need someone like you to act as a scout for me, I'll get better deals that way. :P  If you are really interested I will do it. I saw an Uzi (norinco 320) go for $325 yesterday. Very good condition, and had already been "americanised" so you could do away with the god awful ugly wooden stock that they came with,
If you are really interested I will do it. I saw an Uzi (norinco 320) go for $325 yesterday. Very good condition, and had already been "americanised" so you could do away with the god awful ugly wooden stock that they came with,  Or step up to the full auto Vector Uzi for $6k. One of the best bargains on the market and guaranteed to do nothing but appreciate. After firing a full auto of anything, the semi auto versions will seem very lacking.
Damnit Daewoo! I think I'm going to have you find me one and get it transfered when I get some more money. My current funds are being funneled into my Saiga, but those prices you keep throwing out are too good to refuse. Perhaps it would make a good 21st birthday present to myself (Aug 22). Then I could even fill out a Form 1 to SBR it.  georged, I'd buy one, but I don't have $6k. If I did, I need a new car more than a full-auto. They're too damn cost prohibitive for many people, including a broke college student.
Or step up to the full auto Vector Uzi for $6k. One of the best bargains on the market and guaranteed to do nothing but appreciate. After firing a full auto of anything, the semi auto versions will seem very lacking.  I bought 2 of them several years ago when they were running $1500 each. One of the best investments I have ever made, both from the standpoint that they are fun to play with, and that they have appreciated nicely.   Rook, when you finally decide to make the plunge and get the Uzi, contact me about a gas operated trigger return system. Gives almost full auto rate of fire (mine clocks at about 500 RPM). Not quite as much fun as the open bolt, proper full auto unit, but also not $6k, nor does it require that you jump through a bunch of hoops.  Also, rather than SBR it, spend the tax money on a stamp for a silencer. Have the barrel ported agressively (VERY agressively....skeletonise the thing) and the silencer will work great, even with the long barrel (short barrel length silencer). When you don't want the can on there, put on a dummy can.  Takes some of the compactness away from the Uzi, but gives you something a little further forward to hold onto when you are firing full auto (or have your gas operated trigger return device enabled) for better control.
Gas -operated trigger return system? Sounds interesting. I assume you keep pulling and it slaps the trigger forward while your holding it so the disconnector can reset? Anyway this could be adapted to other firearms?  I've considered a suppressor as well... mind me asking a question? You can make your own suppressor so long as your sumbit a Form 1, right? What part has to be serial numbered, just the body? If so, couldn't someone make one of their own design with a universal body and interchangable baffles/ends so you can use one suppressor with any caliber or any firearm? Most suppressors other than .22 rimfire models aren't cheap, and with such a custom setup, I could use it on all my firearms when I take them shooting, even my hunting rifle. Saves the hearing when you can't wear hearing protection.
Gas -operated trigger return system? Sounds interesting. I assume you keep pulling and it slaps the trigger forward while your holding it so the disconnector can reset? Anyway this could be adapted to other firearms?  Yep, thats how it works. The trick is to shorten your trigger pull (the trigger pull on a stock uzi is TERRIBLE....6 inches and 40 lbs) to the point that the trigger just kind of ends up jiggling there. On the Uzi, what slows down the ROF is the fact that the semi auto is closed bolt. With the gas operated blowback, the trigger actually resets, then is released again, before the bolt makes it back up with the next round. If you shoot a long time, your finger will get sore unless you wear a glove. With a glove, you can roll through thousands of rounds. Unlike the hellfire and some of the other trigger return setups, the gas operated setup doesn'y throw off your accuracy.  You could adapt it to other firearms if you have a well equipped machine shop and don't mind some external moving parts. the best part about doing it on the Uzi is that it is all internal except for a sleeve on the barrel (a short one), which looks cool anyway.  You get your uzi and I will set you up with the parts you need. I have lots and lots of them. It gives me an almost perverse thrill to do these things.  I've considered a suppressor as well... mind me asking a question? You can make your own suppressor so long as your sumbit a Form 1, right? What part has to be serial numbered, just the body? If so, couldn't someone make one of their own design with a universal body and interchangable baffles/ends so you can use one suppressor with any caliber or any firearm? Most suppressors other than .22 rimfire models aren't cheap, and with such a custom setup, I could use it on all my firearms when I take them shooting, even my hunting rifle. Saves the hearing when you can't wear hearing protection.  NO NO NO NO NO EXCELLENT way to end up in jail. The baffles are considered, in and of themselves, supressors. Here is the ATFs opinion on this (and no, I am not Mr Bardwell)  DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY BUREAU OF ALCOHOL, TOBACCO AND FIREARMS WASHINGTON, DC 20226  AUG 23 1999  901040:GS 5320/99-0115  Dear Mr. Bardwell:  This is in response to your letter of June 28, 1999, regarding the repair of a silencer by an individual owner. You ask "whether it is lawful for the owner of a lawfully possessed silencer ... to repair that silencer himself, by replacing unserialized internal components with new components of his own making." You cited the replacement of a worn out plastic "wipe" or damaged baffle as an example.  As you are aware, the terms "firearm silencer" and "firearm muffler" mean any device for silencing, muffling, or diminishing the report of a portable firearm, including any combination of parts, designed or redesigned, and intended for use in assembling or fabricating a firearm silencer or firearm muffler, and any part intended only for use in such assembly or fabrication. Thus, certain internal components, intended only for use in a silencer, are silencers as defined.  If an individual made one of these parts, even for use as a replacement part, the individual would be making a silencer. Under the provisions of the National Firearms Act, any person must apply for and receive permission to make a silencer and pay the making tax for each silencer made. This would require the individual owner to file an ATF Form 1 application for each silencer part to be made with the payment of $200.00 for each application prior to making any replacement part.  In regard to the two parts in your cited example, we consider a baffle to be a silencer, but a wipe, which is usually nothing more than a rubber or plastic disc with a hole in it, is generally not considered to be a silencer. Thus an individual owner could replace a wipe.  - 2 -  Mr. Bardwell  For the replacement of a part or parts that meet the definition of a silencer, the individual owner would need to arrange for the transfer of the silencer to a Federal firearms licensee who is qualified to manufacture silencers.  If you have questions about the classification of other silencer components, please provide us with a description of them or should any additional information be needed, please contact Gary Schiable at (202) 927-8330.   Sincerely yours,  [signed] Kent M. Cousins Chief, National Firearms Act Branch  You CAN use your 9mm silencer on other stuff and it WILL make a big difference.  Of course, then again, it is a silencer, it is quiet, who would know?
This would require the individual owner to file an ATF Form 1 application for each silencer part to be made with the payment of $200.00 for each application prior to making any replacement part.  What the heck? Well that's one screwed up interpretation... I don't understand how they can charge $200 for each piece to be manufactured (by yourself) when many suppressors can be disassembled and you can buy them and have it in your possesion for one $200 transfer fee. Someone needs to give the ATF man a clue.  LOL! No, sorry, but I have to show my ignorance here. I am doing Latin and German at school, but I didn't even do French. It is just that 'Viva' sounds Spanish, (as the French 'vive' is both spelt and pronounced differently,) and the use of the feminine article 'la' indicates the French language. But you obviously do speak Spanish. I am envious! How many languages have you?  I know enough to get myself into trouble. Took a college level course on it so I know basic greetings, a lot of nouns, most popular verbs and how to conjugate them properly(ar, er, ir and some irregulars), and quite a bit of grammar usage. Can't say it was the most pleasent experience I've ever had.  La signifies Spanish as well, just so you know. Learning the various feminine/male patterns is terrible, though some do follow common characteristics in determining an unknown word. Vivir is the noun in Spanish, means "to live", though it changes in spelling depending on how you use it. There's vivo (yo(I)), vives (tu(you)), vive (el/la(he/she)), vivimos (nosotros(we)), vivis (vosotros), and viven (ellos/ellas(they)). Vosostros is a special matter of we used on Spain (I think), it's rarely used.  Vivo en Kentucky, USA. Tu vives en UK.
What the heck? Well that's one screwed up interpretation... I don't understand how they can charge $200 for each piece to be manufactured (by yourself) when many suppressors can be disassembled and you can buy them and have it in your possesion for one $200 transfer fee. Someone needs to give the ATF man a clue.   Like many items considered 'sinful', when legislation and/or law enforcement can't eliminate them taxes are applied in an attempt to make them undesirable.
What the heck? Well that's one screwed up interpretation... I don't understand how they can charge $200 for each piece to be manufactured (by yourself) when many suppressors can be disassembled and you can buy them and have it in your possesion for one $200 transfer fee. Someone needs to give the ATF man a clue.  I think there is a dual answer to this one.  First off, the ATF has taken its responsibilty to regualte such things as a responsibility to LIMIT such things. Any time there are such technical questions, you will ALWAYS find them looking for the absolute most severe interpetation that the law will allow. They do not want you switching around your silencer parts in order to avoid having to buy more than one. They want you to have no silencer, but if you just really feel compelled to own one, they want it to be as limited as possible.  I think the other reason they do it this way is that they don't want you building silencers at home. If you build them at home, you may realise how rediculously simple they are to build for anybody with access to pipe fittings. A guy with rudimentary metalworking skills can build a nice one in about 30 minutes. This is NOT how the ATF wants you spending your time.
I think there is a dual answer to this one.  First off, the ATF has taken its responsibilty to regualte such things as a responsibility to LIMIT such things. Any time there are such technical questions, you will ALWAYS find them looking for the absolute most severe interpetation that the law will allow. They do not want you switching around your silencer parts in order to avoid having to buy more than one. They want you to have no silencer, but if you just really feel compelled to own one, they want it to be as limited as possible.  I think the other reason they do it this way is that they don't want you building silencers at home. If you build them at home, you may realise how rediculously simple they are to build for anybody with access to pipe fittings. A guy with rudimentary metalworking skills can build a nice one in about 30 minutes. This is NOT how the ATF wants you spending your time.  Another simple answer is no enforcement, no cushy civil service jobs and empire building on the public teat.
Another simple answer is no enforcement, no cushy civil service jobs and empire building on the public teat.  HEY....Those are law enforcement officials you are talking about. Shouldn't you be showing some unconditional (undeserved) respect? You are suggesting that they are something less than brave, service oriented, borderline geniuses.  Turn on the news channel of your choice for reprogramming.  heil hitler
HEY....Those are law enforcement officials you are talking about. Shouldn't you be showing some unconditional (undeserved) respect? You are suggesting that they are something less than brave, service oriented, borderline geniuses.  Turn on the news channel of your choice for reprogramming.  heil hitler  When I watched two ATFE agents visit a gun shop to check transaction records, I can't say I was impressed with their appearance or demeanor. For what they're paid and the job requirements, maybe the brilliance of 99% of their arrests being from trapped snitches and purchases of sawed-off shotguns from dirt poor mountain people blinded me.
Thanks Rook, that is quite interesting! Wow! Spanish sounds as difficult to conjugate as German! Does Spanish have not only feminine and masculine nouns, but neuter ones as well?  I'm thinking there are some, but none come to mind atm.  Can't say I am as advanced in German as you are in Spanish. The only reason I chose German over French, is that our French master is a miserable old git, and we have a lady who comes in twice a week to teach German. Her husband is a Graf (Count), and she a real hottie! :) She can teach me anything she likes! LOL! :)  A lady from Columbia taught my class. ;)
She was short, under 5ft I'd say, and she played some spanish songs for us and would demonstrate some dances... man could she ever shake those hips. emoticon_xangel
I see you Americans deal as loosely with the French and Spanish languages, as you do with English!  Surely it is something like Viva Libertad , or Vive la Liberte, but Viva La Liberty  ????? emoticon_rolleyes :)    Leo    Actually I don't deal with spanish or french because I don't have to. I speak english. emoticon_rolleyes
OK. If you want to get picky about it, (and you are an American with the usual accents and word usage,) you speak a dialect known as American-English. :)   Leo    Yup.... and we have many.
I speak Souther-American-English. :p
You get your uzi and I will set you up with the parts you need. I have lots and lots of them. It gives me an almost perverse thrill to do these things.   Can you buy these things somewhere, or do you make them?
Can you buy these things somewhere, or do you make them?   They are something that has to be custom built for the weapon (and generally the weapon has to be modded for it).
They are something that has to be custom built for the weapon (and generally the weapon has to be modded for it).  Did you come up with idea, or did you find plans somewhere? It seems pretty clever.
Did you come up with idea, or did you find plans somewhere? It seems pretty clever.   It was originall concieved of by a friend of mine who only had one machine gun, and he was concerned about it wearing out. He loved to shoot full auto, but could hardly afford the $5-$10 grand for a new weapon.  I'll explain it in its simplest terms (though I am not good at verbally conveying the workings of mechanical items, so if it is not clear enough PM me and I can send you a solidworks file or a .DWG file).  I am certain we all understand how a gas operated action owrks. Gas from the barrel exits a port and drives a pistron, which is attached to the bolt, back (again, simplifying). On the gas operated trigger return,. you do something similar, only kin dof reversed. Gas from the barrel exits through a port and drives the piston, which is attached to the trigger, forwards. On the Uzi, the piston surrounds the barrel. It is placed just in front of the barrel nut and has a shroud around it (a stainless tube) with exhaust ports in it (so once the piston travels a sufficient distance, the pressure is dumped, which allows you to return the trigger to firing position). On the Uzi a rod between the piston and the trigger runs through the front had guard and into the lower receiver, so it is never exposed (which would be both ugly and dangerous).  There is also a blowback operated version for battle rifles (in fact I have a G3 and a CETME sitting on my work bench right now that I am modding for my brother). You put a pivot in at the rear of the bolt travel (essentially a lever that the bolt strikes and drives rearward) the bottom end of the lever pushes forward a bar that is attached to the trigger, which drives it forward. The CETME is getting a cam, for 3 rd burst capability.  Anyway, that is the incredibly simplified version. I have several thousand mods through both types of conversion and they work fine. Of course, the idea has progressed, and changed, from that outlined above for a better system.  It is such a simple concept that I am surprised that it has not been done before. We went ahead and patented the systems, since a patent search yielded no similar designs.    That was first generation (abviously simplified). Th
The issue revisited,  Why are there people who want to take away my guns? I have an "assault rifle", an "assault shotgun", and hand guns. All three of these types of guns are under attack and I would like to know why you think that they should be "off the streets" or banned?
This is probably going to be a short thread. I just don't have a reason that you would consider "good".   there are few reasons i could think of outlawing guns as good, and there are likly as few that i could use to convence you we need less controles on guns. i am not trying to change your mind, i am trying to understand your position.  I just don't honestly understand why we have to wrangle so about registration and waiting periods. Why do honest people have to have their newest toy TODAY. And why does it have to be a secret that they have it. I know what I'm afraid of. What are you afraid of?  i worry that the same law makers who push for registration are the same ones who want to ban all guns. for an example "If I could have gotten 51 votes in the Senate of the United States for an outright ban, picking up every one of them, Mr. and Mrs. America, turn them all in, I would have done it." -Senator Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif, discussing the 1994 "crime bill", one of the largest gun control bills of the last 30 years. this was said in '94 on onr of the news shows (i will dig up a link if you would like.) Senator Feinstein had one of the few permits to carry conseled weapons in San Fransco. this is who i am afraid of, add to the lits Rosie O'Donald, guns are bad, and no prites person needs one, unless they are the guards for my famley.  there is a large diffrance between illegal guns, and legal guns. i would have no problem with wating periods for a gun if it served a porpose. to get a gun today from a dealer your name is processed through the FBI to see if you have a criminal record, in about 30 seconds.   P.S. I have an arsenel, too. Mostly antiques from dead relatives that used to hunt. Wouldn't matter to me at all of they were all gone. It was years of trying to make sure the children didn't find them.  you could just send them to me, i could add them to my dubble locked collection.
 Senator Feinstein had one of the few permits to carry conseled weapons in San Fransco. this is who i am afraid of, add to the lits Rosie O'Donald, guns are bad, and no prites person needs one, unless they are the guards for my famley.   There's always been an amazing pattern of those who seek to take freedoms of others, fully expect to keep those exact same freedoms for themselves.  Why do some people want to take away your guns? Think about this - we have many areas with seat belt laws for cars, but no areas with smoke detector laws for homes. Why? - what's the difference? We have many areas with auto emissions testing, but no areas with chimney emissions testing for homes. Why? - what's the difference? The difference is that it's a lot more risky for any branch of government, local or federal, to inspect and control the homes of an armed citizenry, than it is to inspect and control people and their cars, when the carrying of guns in cars (in public in general) is largely outlawed.   The outlawing of guns, and an increased presence of government in our homes, go hand in hand.
 Think about this - we have many areas with seat belt laws for cars, but no areas with smoke detector laws for homes. Why? - what's the difference?  the number ok people killed and injured, on the tax payers dime.  We have many areas with auto emissions testing, but no areas with chimney emissions testing for homes. Why? - what's the difference? you have to pay every year for the car, and have am easy to regulate the areas where indistry pollutes more.  The outlawing of guns, and an increased presence of government in our homes, go hand in hand. and to think we got back a few gun rights, and we still have the patriot act.  i know all the reasons given for why "THEY" want to disarm us, what I am trying to understand is why one person wants to see them outlawed.
The reason why ownership of guns is so fundamental to our society lies in the origins of our country. The founding fathers wanted to make sure that if our government ever became tyranical (sp?), the average joe would have the means (guns) to resist and even overthrow that government.  The founders saw the government as a necissary(sp?) evil to be limited and controlled. They knew that people not only can, but SHOULD make most decisions for themselves. They then can live with the consequences of those decisions.  After the debacle (sp?) of the Articles of Confederation, it was realized that some sort of Federal government was needed to 1) negotiate international agreements and pay national debts and 2) operate a national armed service for times of war and 3) to collect taxes to fund those lilmited objectives.
The founding fathers wanted to make sure that if our government ever became tyranical (sp?), the average joe would have the means (guns) to resist and even overthrow that government.  also they were aganst there being a standing army, and they wanted the people to be able to defend there homes and countyr from any attack, or to defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic.
So what. Congress can pass any law it wants. Doesn't mean it will stand up in court.  you had asked what i was afrade of, and that is it. it might have been shot down by the courts, but with the speed of them the guns i had turned in would have been distroyed before it was decided.  After all, I could easily argue (if I was totally stupid) that my front yard is the perfect place for a working cannon.  if your frount yard was big enough (twice the max. range for example) what would be the harm?
So what. Congress can pass any law it wants. Doesn't mean it will stand up in court.  The first portion, "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State," is a qualifier to what follows "the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed." It seems pretty clear to me. But I'm not one of the Justices. This decision has been made, although I don't like it or agree with it. I don't see where today's hobbyist meets the intent - most especially in the well-regulated part. But there comes a point where what the dead guys thought just doesn't matter that much. It is 200+ years later. They left us with the ability to adjust with time and we've done that. They recognized their own shortcomings which might have the the wisest thing they did. The current interpretation is clear. We look at the last portion of the statement only. I don't think that, as I said before, a little common sense, is going to alter the interpretation in any meaningful way.  After all, I could easily argue (if I was totally stupid) that my front yard is the perfect place for a working cannon. We both know that isn't going to fly. Just where does the armament argument end. With a cannon? Or with a Nuc. Let's face it. They said arms and they meant arms. Not guns. They'd probably let me have the cannon. The founding fathers never envisioned the kind of weapons we'd have available today or what they'd be used for. That's why their thoughts are purposely criptic and open ended. Since we will always draw the line someplace, why not draw it at a good compromise between you and me.  You asked where the line should be drawn in regards to weapons?  How about where ownership and use of weapons does not violate the rights of others.   Before you respons think about it. Do anything you want. If I don't violate anyone then what is the beef? If I don't break any laws or endanger anyone what is the beef?  The safe storage and handling of cannon, cannon propellant, and cannon ammo is well known. They can be stored in places typical of homes without violating the rights of others. BTW a cannon is not a weapon. It is considered a 'firework' by the ATF. Ever see a civil war renactment? Lots of cannons? So yes having a cannon in your front yard does fly.
If I could wish for one thing, and only one thing, it wouldn't be gun control. what would it be? i would eather wish for all people to be able to setal problems non-violently, or for my famley to never have to worry about money, bepending on mu mood at the time.
So what. Congress can pass any law it wants. Doesn't mean it will stand up in court.  Yes, because congresses powers are actually pretty limited. It hink it will be interesting to see how the 2 upcoming supreme court cases (one has already been accepted, the other is pretty much a shoe in) regarding the commerce clause will be handled, since the majority of the laws that congress passes are tied to it.   The first portion, "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State," is a qualifier to what follows "the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed." It seems pretty clear to me. But I'm not one of the Justices. This decision has been made, although I don't like it or agree with it. I don't see where today's hobbyist meets the intent - most especially in the well-regulated part. But there comes a point where what the dead guys thought just doesn't matter that much. It is 200+ years later. They left us with the ability to adjust with time and we've done that. They recognized their own shortcomings which might have the the wisest thing they did. The current interpretation is clear. We look at the last portion of the statement only. I don't think that, as I said before, a little common sense, is going to alter the interpretation in any meaningful way.  We look at the last portion of the statement because that is the actionable clause. The first portion is the justification clause, and the actionable clause is not dependant on the justification clause. This is the way it was taught back then, and it has not really changed. The accepted rules for the usage of the english language are pretty well documented.  Several states have similarly worded provisions in their state constitutions. the Rhode Island constitution contains this:  The liberty of the press being essential to the security of freedom in a state, any person may publish his sentiments on any subject, being responsible for the abuse of that liberty    Reading it the way many of the anti gunners read the second ammendment would suggest that liberty of the press may only be enjoyed in situations where it is somehow related to the security of freedom in a state. This si simply not the case. Free speech is ensured in rhode island even if it has NOTHING at all to do with security or freedom in a state. You have the right, under the constitution of rhode island, to write and print recipes, novels, personal letters, poetry, or just about anything else youw ould like,regardless of their connection to the security of a free state. That is becasue the justification clause adds no controls to the actionable clause.  After all, I could easily argue (if I was totally stupid) that my front yard is the perfect place for a working cannon. We both know that isn't going to fly. Just where does the armament argument end. With a cannon? Or with a Nuc. Let's face it. They said arms and they meant arms. Not guns. They'd probably let me have the cannon. The founding fathers never envisioned the kind of weapons we'd have available today or what they'd be used for. That's why their thoughts are purposely criptic and open ended. Since we will always draw the line someplace, why not draw it at a good compromise between you and me.  Many of the founding fathers had their own arsenals including heavy cannons and even artillery. These were the most destructive devices on the planet at the time. they certainly werte aware that even more devestating items would become available as time drew on. Keep in mind that most of the foudnign fatehrs were alive to see the transition from the musket (with an accurate range of rougly 30 ft) to the rifle (with an accurate range of over 200 yards).   The "that means you could own a nuclear weapon" argument is nonsense brought about by anti gunners in order to provoke an emotional response. First off, there are no nuclear weapons available on the civilian market. If you do find one available, it is stolen. It is a crime to buy stolen goods. The second reason that the argument is rediculous is that nuclear weapons are offensive weapons. the founding fathers were VERY clear that the second ammendment recognised an individual right, and on that SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED. They also made very clear that the purpose of the ammendment ws to provide for the defense of the people, even if it was against their own government. Nuclear weapons, as offensive weapons, would certianly not be protected under the second ammendment.  The supreme court puts a great deal of weight on the original intention of the founders when interpeting the constitution. Here are some quotes from the founders to ponder:  They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.  ---Benjamin Franklin, Historical Review of Pennsylvania, 1759.   I think we would do well to heed Franklins words, not only in regards to the issue of gun control, but in all matters political right now.  To model our political system upon speculations of lasting tranquility, is to calculate on the weaker springs of the human character. ---Alexander Hamilton   [The Constitution preserves] the advantage of being armed which Americans possess over the people of almost every other nation...(where) the governments are afraid to trust the people with arms. ---James Madison,The Federalist Papers, No. 46.   Here is one that I think is a favorite among pro gunners. I have seen bumper stickers that say "Fear the government that fears your gun". I think there may be a certain amount of truth to this. What exactly do they plan to do that is so bad they are afraid you are going to shoot them for it?  Here are some quotes by constitutional commentators of the day:  Before a standing army can rule, the people must be disarmed; as they are in almost every kingdom in Europe. The supreme power in America cannot enforce unjust laws by the sword; because the whole body of the people are armed, and constitute a force superior to any band of regular troops that can be, on any pretence, raised in the United States. A military force, at the command of Congress, can execute no laws, but such as the people perceive to be just and constitutional; for they will possess the power, and jealousy will instantly inspire the inclination, to resist the execution of a law which appears to them unjust and oppressive.  ---Noah Webster, An Examination of the Leading Principles of the Federal Constitution (Philadelphia 1787).    I think that he hit the nail on the head here. We see it argued that private citizens should not be allowed to be armed with military weapons. The founders disagreed, and Webster has explained quite well here why. In an age where every PD has a swat team armed with everything from handguns to grenade launchers, the intention of the founding fathers was that the citizenry be able to effectively resist the government if needed.  Many peopel scoff at the idea that this may ever be needed. Think back to RUby Ridge and Waco. Put aside the automatic respect and fear that we are supoposed to feel for law enforcement and look at what happend those two places. Government agents murdered innocent people who were unable to defend themselves effectively. These are people who were never sharged with cromes following the massacres at those 2 places. At Ruby ridge, federal marshals murdered a 14 yr old boy, and an FBI sharpshooter took down a mother who was holding a baby in her arms. At waco, people were shot from helicopters, tanks and flammable tear gas were used against women and children, and there is some pretty compelling evidence which shows that as the structure burned, those who tried to escape the blaze were shot down.  Granted, randy weaver would not have been able to beat the feds at their game regardless of how well aremed he was, but those people who were protesting on the road could have. The Branch Davidians could not have beat the ATF, but again, their neiborghs certainly could have if they had access to modern, powerful military weapons as our forefatehrs intended. It seems that the idea was that the American people didn;t have to just lie down and take it. We were meant to be able to fight back.   Who are the militia? Are they not ourselves? Is it feared, then, that we shall turn our arms each man gainst his own bosom. Congress have no power to disarm the militia. Their swords, and every other terrible implement of the soldier, are the birthright of an American...[T]he unlimited power of the sword is not in the hands of either the federal or state governments, but, where I trust in God it will ever remain, in the hands of the people.  ---Tenche Coxe, The Pennsylvania Gazette, Feb. 20, 1788.    The whole of that Bill [of Rights] is a declaration of the right of the people at large or considered as individuals...[I]t establishes some rights of the individual as unalienable and which consequently, no majority has a right to deprive them of.  ---Albert Gallatin to Alexander Addison, Oct 7, 1789, MS. in N.Y. Hist. Soc.-A.G. Papers, 2.   (note that in saying "some rights", he is not alluding to only some fo the rights in the bill of rights, he is referring to the fact that people have many more rights than are recognised there, the ones in the bill of rights are being made unalienable)  I think that it is clear why the second ammendment was included in the constitution, and exactly what the founding fatehrs meant by it. Ther easons for its existance are no less pressing today than they were at its inception.
Thank you for the very thorough explanation of the legal technicalities. Now I fully understand why I can't visit at an ATM after dark. And what's more, I understand that Benjamin Franklin wanted it that way.  But how would banning guns make your trip to an ATM any safer? A criminal is by definition somebody who does not obey the law. All a firearms ban would accomplish is to ensure that the criminals would have guns and law abiding citizens would not. What is the point of that? That is exactly opposite of what we should be striving for. The idea is to get the guns away from criminals, not to get them away from law abiding citizens. Law abiding citizens obey the law, there can surely be no reason to prohibit them form having guns.  If you want to improve the survivability of a late night ATM visit, get your own gun and learn to use it.   Oddly enough, I think Franklin would have prefered the danger associated with the visit than the banning of firearms. It was franklin who said:  They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.  ---Benjamin Franklin, Historical Review of Pennsylvania, 1759.   Granted that was a different time, a time when people were more independant. They understood that there was nobody standing by to babysit them, and that when confronted with a bad situation they would have to handle it, because nobody was going to do it for them.   The founding fathers understood that there would be those who would abuse their right to bear arms. They were not stupid. That is what the courts are for.
Thank you for the very thorough explanation of the legal technicalities. Now I fully understand why I can't visit at an ATM after dark. And what's more, I understand that Benjamin Franklin wanted it that way. wouldn't be more effective to go after the illegal guns, and those who posses them, rather than to give the ones who are trying to remain legal? i could get a gun for less is i did not worry about the law. a gun that is six or seavon hundred dollers in Indiana is three hundred in Chicago.
Thank you for the very thorough explanation of the legal technicalities. Now I fully understand why I can't visit at an ATM after dark. And what's more, I understand that Benjamin Franklin wanted it that way.  Want to see an example of some illegally obtained guns from an outside source (smuggled) used in a crime? Check out the North Hollywood Shootout. Want to see private firearm stockpiles being used to stop crime? Look at the same shootout and all the AR-15s the police were suddenly using and at one point took down the last suspect with. Those were taken, on loan, from a local gun shop.
First, I will NEVER carry a gun. I refuse to lower myself. I refuse to join the throng who say America is so far gone, the best way to proceed is to be prepared to kill at a moment's notice.   I personally don't view owning a device for protection as "lowering yourself." Even you expressed fear about going to an ATM at night.  Second, if I did have one, should I ask this criminal to wait patiently while I take it from my purse. Or should I get a Quick Draw McGraw holster -- in multiple colors to coordinate with my outfits?  There is a wide variety of concealed carry options. You may want to consider the "Pager Pal" or some other IWB (in the waist band) holster. I'm sure there are sme available in whatever color you desire. :)   Third, the best chance of survivability is to give them what they want!!!!  I disagree. I think hollowpoints would probably also be effective in stopping a threat. What if the assailant intends to do harm?
I've been called a defeatest multiple times (on other threads) because I say that abortion can't be eliminated. (I'd much rather be debating that.) But this argument tops mine by a country mile.  First, I will NEVER carry a gun. I refuse to lower myself. I refuse to join the throng who say America is so far gone, the best way to proceed is to be prepared to kill at a moment's notice.  So you are somehow in a morally superior position if you are laying dead on the ground than if you are standing with a smoking gun and your attacker is dead?   I may be a little old fashioned, but I believe that, as the man of the house, part of my responsibility is to protect my wife and my children. I would be remiss in my duties if I did not seek out and ensure that I posess the absolute best tools available to me to that end.   We certinaly live in strange times if taking responsibility for your own safety and that of your family is "lowering yourself". I would argue the exact opposite. I think it is sad that we live in a society where a large portion of our society is so insecure and so unwilling to take on any personal responsibility that they won't even take common sense steps to protect themselves.   People like that are WHY crime is so high. Criminals know that those who are unwilling to take responsibility for themselves have pushed very hard to ensure that the rest of us cannot (apparently on the assumption that since they are too incompetent to handle a gun, so are the rest of us). Cops don't stop crimes and they don't prevent them. They show up afterwards, clean up the mess, and capture the bad guy almost 20% of the time!   Second, if I did have one, should I ask this criminal to wait patiently while I take it from my purse. Or should I get a Quick Draw McGraw holster -- in multiple colors to coordinate with my outfits?  You should carry your weapon in a manner that makes it quickly and easily available. By your logic, police officers shouldn't carry guns because they can't get to them in time anyway.  Third, the best chance of survivability is to give them what they want!!!!  What would make you think that this person, who is obviously lacking in moral fibre, deservs your trust? Is there really something that leads you to believe that somebody who is willing to rob you is not willing to kill you?   I think you would have a great deal of trouble finding a self defense instructor who would not tell you that in a dangerous situation, it is far better to be proactive than reactive. Even the feminazis who come around once a year and try to teach the college girls around here that scratching people with your keys is somehow a good defense agree on this point.   Fourth, I'm not a fearful person. And I'm not the type to crumble if I were ever to be the victim of a crime. You see, my Dad was a feminist before it was fashionable.  Not a fearful person? You are apparently afraid to go to an ATM at night. You are apparently afraid that if you did carry a gun you couldn't handle it effectively. You are apparently so unsure of your ability to defend yourself (which almost certianly is born of fear) that you prefer to give a criminal waht they want rather than stand up for yourself. And you say you are unafraid?  Wahy if what the crimainal wants is your children? Do you still give them what they want? What if they want to rape your wife? stand by and politely ask them to use a condom?   We live in a society where people are killed for their tennis shoes. People are fairly routinely killed during the course of robberies that involve less than $20. Quit being afraid. Step up and take responsibility for your own safety. You will feel better.
I may be a little old fashioned, but I believe that, as the man of the house, part of my responsibility is to protect my wife and my children.  I agree. Most people I know that carry a concealed weapon are doing so mostly for the protection of their family and not for themselves, although protecting oneself is certainly noble enough as well.  I would further add that carrying a concealed weapon does not indicate fear on the part of the carrier, but rather precaution. Concealed carry permits require safety training and that the carrier demonstrate he is competent to carry the weapon both physically and mentally. Carrying a weapon is one of those things where one hopes he will never need it, but if the need arises, it could be life-saving to have it.
I may be a little old fashioned, but I believe that, as the man of the house, part of my responsibility is to protect my wife and my children.   i feel the same way, and my wife also feels to is her duty to protect me and the kids, there is nothing wrong with the desire to protect your loved ones.  in m yhouse, i would be the one out in frount in case of a conflice, but that is dur to me being the only one in the house that has through MOUNT training.  If you'd use that phrase in reference to protecting me, you'd use again to control me.  WTF?!?   I resent the implication that I, as a poor little meek female, should hide behind some big strong man.  would it be OK for me to ask my wife to stand behind a big strong, TRAINED man, and cover my back?
So be it. I just wouldn't make a good killer. I couldn't look at myself in the mirror. You decide if that makes me morally superior.  Everybody is a killer. I fyou don't think you are a killer, you just haven't been in a situation where you needed to kill. Self preservation is still strong in humans. I once saw a bhuddist mow down a half dozen guys wiht a machine pistol. I am sure that emclean, as a ranger who has seen combat, has seen similar things  Oh Boy. A little old-fashioned? What century did you just step out of. You and I wouldn't make it through our first meal together. I'm married 31 years - just as background info. Chance in .... I'd ever give the time of day to any man who uttered the words "I may be a little old fashioned, but I believe that, as the man of the house, ". Them's fightin' words. Wouldn't matter what followed that phrase. If you'd use that phrase in reference to protecting me, you'd use again to control me. That's the kind of phrase that should signal a wise girl to RUN not walk. I resent the implication that I, as a poor little meek female, should hide behind some big strong man. No second date for you buddy. But then, you wouldn't want one. I don't stroke male egos.  Huh? Men are generally bigger, stronger, and more aggressive. If somebody is going to stand and fight, it is probably better that it be the man. Sorry, this is just the way it is. I know we are supposed to pretend that there are no real differences between women and men, unfortuantly, that is a load of BS and we all know it.  That said, I know who the boss is at my house, and it isn't me.  By the way, I said I can't go to an ATM after dark, but that was for dramatics. I do it if I need to. There's a difference between being fearful and street wise.  Not really. I go thte the ATM whenever I want, day or night. I know I can handle whatever happens.
I've been called a defeatest multiple times (on other threads) because I say that abortion can't be eliminated. (I'd much rather be debating that.) But this argument tops mine by a country mile.  First, I will NEVER carry a gun. I refuse to lower myself. I refuse to join the throng who say America is so far gone, the best way to proceed is to be prepared to kill at a moment's notice.  Second, if I did have one, should I ask this criminal to wait patiently while I take it from my purse. Or should I get a Quick Draw McGraw holster -- in multiple colors to coordinate with my outfits?  Third, the best chance of survivability is to give them what they want!!!!  Fourth, I'm not a fearful person. And I'm not the type to crumble if I were ever to be the victim of a crime. You see, my Dad was a feminist before it was fashionable.  I'm not a fearful person either. I've been in several bad situations, one of which, had I not had a gun in, I would be dead right now.  I'm not going to belittle your position, but I do have to disagree on your remark that the best chance of survivability is to give them what they want. This IS defeatist attitude. It also cost 3000+ American's their lives. Never, EVER give a criminal what he wants during a crime. It enboldens them and puts other people at risk. Because of the standard airline policy to give terrorists what they want, bad guys used that BAD policy against us and killed thousands of our people. Bear in mind that the bad guys used box cutters to achieve this.   I carry a gun, my wife carries a gun and when my children are old enough they too will carry a gun. I'm going to make sure that my family has every advantage against criminals of every kind possible. Does it make my family safe? More so than being unarmed and a willing sheep to the slaughter victim but it doesn't make them invulnerable. Nothing in the world can make you invulnerable.  Mike
kickin50, i should appolige, i had thought that you were some one who I could try to understand the anti-gun point of view.   I have no idea what MOUNT training is, but I'd rather have a man who doesn't get in to a conflict in the first place. Just what are we talking about here.  it is training to fight in an urban envirement. i have not ever been in a violent conflict with my famley around, but i am prepared for what ever comes, just like i have not had am accdent that the falut was atruibuted to me, but i still carry inshurance.  So now he must be trained?   no, but i am, that why the plan is for me to establish a defencive position in frount of my famly. this is like a fire escape plan, you should think about what you will do if something happens to you.  What kind of mass hysteria have you guys fallen victim to? I don't live in the wild wild west. Here I sit in the big bad city never having been the victim of anything. Nor has anyone in my family.   and no one in my famley has lost there homes in a fire, or died of an accedent at a young age, but i am inshured aganst both. i have a plan in case of fire, flood, storm damage to my home, utility loss. have you planed for any of these?  So you don't see what's offensive about "I may be a little old fashioned, but I believe that, as the man of the house, ". This is the same phrase that's used to make any and all decisions, totally arbitrarily, based on the virtue of genitals. This   no i do not see it that way, it is a discripitive turm, i am the man of my house, the re is also the woman of hte house, and the kids. if you are looking for sexism, you will find it.  I am sure that emclean, as a ranger  i was a airborne, i never went after the tab, no offence taken, i just do not want to clame an honor i did not earn.
Well you may be right when you generalize that all armed robbers want is your money. You must remember, however, that all of them are prepared to offer you violence to achieve that goal, and that being unarmed and/or physically unresisting is certainly no guarantee that you will not be seriously injured or killed. I don't know where you get the belief that robbers only kill when "forced" to do so (which you imply they are forced to do by the victim's resistance). That view does not accord with the reality of armed robbery. I can give you many examples of unarmed and unresisting victims being killed or seriously wounded by a robber.  I do not believe that women are a weaker sex, but since we are talking about armed robbers let me say that my views are not shared by them. Rightly or wrongly, they perceive women as weaker and easier targets for robbery. If all else is equal, the man who wants money for another rock of crack and who sees both of us exit a store at night will choose you over me. He will do so because he thinks that you are less able or willing to resist him. He may also have another motive to choose you which would exclude me: he may wish to make you the victim of a sexual assault.   Having said this, however, I live in the real world where I know that being a man is no shield against assault and or robbery. I see a lot of violent crime involving all manner of victims. I carry a gun because I know what's out there in the real world, and I wish to be as prepared as possible to deal with it should I ever be targeted for victimization. Yet, if a man ever gets me into a situation where he has a gun pointed at me while demanding my wallet, I would be unlikely to try and outdraw his trigger pull. The fact that I carry a firearm does not mean that I will automatically use it if confronted by a robber. It merely means that I am better prepared to defend myself if the opportunity to do so presents itself. The law of self defense is the first law of nature, and I fail to see the logic in condemning those who lawfully and peacefully arm themselves with the ability to choose not to be a victim wherever possible.   ------------------------------------  "False is the idea of utility that sacrifices a thousand real advantages for one imaginary or trifling inconvenience; that would take fire from men because it burns, and water because one may drown in it; that has no remedy for evils, except destruction. The laws that forbid the carrying of arms are laws of such a nature. They disarm only those who are neither inclined nor determined to commit crimes. Can it be supposed that those who have the courage to violate the most sacred laws of humanity, the most important of the code, will respect the less important and arbitrary ones, which can be violated with ease and impunity, and which, if strictly obeyed, would put and end to personal liberty--so dear to men, so dear to the enlightened legislator--and subject innocent persons to all the vexations that the guilty alone ought to suffer? Such laws make things worse for the assaulted and better for the assailants; they serve rather to encourage than to prevent homicides, for an unarmed man may be attacked with greater confidence than an armed man. The ought to be designated as laws not preventative but fearful of crimes, produced by the tumultuous impression of a few isolated facts, and not by thoughtful consideration of the inconveniences and advantages of a universal decree."--Thomas Jefferson, Commonplace Book, 1774-1776, quoting 18th century criminologist Cesare Beccaria in On Crimes and Punishment, 1764.
I don't know who to answer first. But I seem to be attracting macho men like flies.  Taking responsibility for the protection of your family is hardly "macho". I love my wife and my children. I will take all reasonable steps to ensure their safety. I will keep fresh batteries in the smoke alarms. I will keep fire extinguishers around the house. I will make sure thet my wife is driving a safe and reliable car. I will keep a gun. They are all the same. They are just common sense measures.  What kind of mass hysteria have you guys fallen victim to? I don't live in the wild wild west. Here I sit in the big bad city never having been the victim of anything. Nor has anyone in my family. The worst thing that happened was 20 years ago when somebody robbed my inlaws house while they WEREN'T HOME. Evidently, they were only looking for cash, there wasn't any to be found so they literally took the piggy bank. Get a grip.  That is good. Have you ever had a fire? Do you have smoke detectors? If you have never had a fire, smoke detectors are a waste of time, right (joking, of course, only an idiot wouldn't have smoke detectors). How often do you wreck you car? Do you still carry insurance? I haven't had an accident in 15 years. My insurance is up to date. I even carry full coverage.   It's that go get 'em attitude and irrational fear that I refuse to lower myself to.  Your attitude is one of fear, not mine. I refuse to live in fear of the occasional socially maladjusted individual. This is MY TOWN and I will not have criminals dictate to me where I can go and when. Apparently they have actually scared you to the point that you plan your activities around them.   so sad.  By the way, told my husband last evening about our conversation. Told him somebody said "as the man of the house". His answer, "Oh my God." He thinks it's all pretty amusing. You had his ire up for about 10 seconds with the "trained" remark. Briefly considered replying himself, but he got over it. He just walked away laughing and saying how much he loves to sig me on the world.  "Man of the house" is just like "woman of the house". It is a lable which explains who I am (generally, "Man of the house" would be the oldest male). You are looking for something sexist that simply isn't there. Sorry. Like I said, I know who is in charge around here, and it isn't me.   As far as the "trained" remark, the was Emclean, not me. He has a point, though. He was trained by the military to kill. In my book, that certianly makes him a better defender than his wife, who most likely has not had the same training. Of course, if she HAS had the same training, I would still prefer to have emclean between me and trouble, since he is almost certainly bigger, more agressive, and stronger than his wife.   They got that gun because they're an overly aggressive paranoid or just plain a trouble maker.  Please back this statement up with facts or statistics that support it. the DOJ has always said that people who have a concealed carry permit are far, far LESS likely to engage in criminal behaviour or initiate hosatile confrontations.   If you actually have backing for this, you may have discovered a new argument fro the antis to use.
More scare tactics. Life is odds. Just like Vegas. I could get run over by a bus, too. Bad things happen to good people. There's just no guarantee no matter what. 6 possibilities:  1. Without a gun - I won't be a victim. 2. Without a gun - I'll be a victim. I'll survive. 3. Without a gun - I'll be a victim. I won't survive. 4. With a gun - I won't be a victim. 5. With a gun - I'll be a victim. I'll survive. 6. With a gun - I'll be a victim. I won't survive.  You're focusing in strictly on 2 of the 6 possibilities -- #3 and #5. Chances are 4 out of 6 that I'm right. So long as I don't have a gun at all, the odds are 2 out of 3. I like my odds way better.  Will I be alive tomorrow? There are 2 possibilities: 1. I will die. 2. I will live.  That means there's a 50% chance I will die, right?  How about this one:  What will the weather be like on the north poll tomorrow? There are two possibilities: 1. 80° or warmer 2. below 80°  So, apparently there are pretty good odds that it will be warm enough to go to the north poll without a coat.  As you can see, assuming that all outcomes are equally possible is a mistake.
[QUOTE=kickin50]I don't know who to answer first. But I seem to be attracting macho men like flies.  What kind of mass hysteria have you guys fallen victim to? I don't live in the wild wild west. Here I sit in the big bad city never having been the victim of anything. Nor has anyone in my family. The worst thing that happened was 20 years ago when somebody robbed my inlaws house while they WEREN'T HOME. Evidently, they were only looking for cash, there wasn't any to be found so they literally took the piggy bank. Get a grip.  Several, huh? What is it about you that makes you a repetitive victim? Maybe you should rethink where you're hanging out - and possibly your behavior while you're there.  First, 9/11 had nothing to do with gun ownership. Second, why then, oh why, is every cashier and teller trained to give just 'em the money. Why is it that the only ones that make the news are the ones where the guy behind the counter pulled a gun. Frequently, it's his blood on the wall. Armed robbery, that's about the only thing that I seriously envision myself being the victim of. Armed robbers want the money, not me. They're not looking to commit murder unless forced. Nobody has a vendenta against me personally. I can promise you that noone is out there planning my demise. And may I point out, the only reason the armed robber is armed is because of guns. If he wasn't armed he'd pick my pocket, just like in Europe.  Oh goodie. Can't wait to have a fender bender with one of you and get shot as we argue over whose fault it is. Next thing you know, I'll be one more of those "situations".  [QUOTE]  Macho men? Gee, let's stick to the topic and avoid the barbs please.  I'm glad you have only had a robbery when you weren't at home. You are very lucky. A friend of mine lost her parents when a man broke the law and brought a firearm into a restaurant and killed quite a few people. You may have heard of the incident, it was the Lubby's Diner in Killeen, Texas. My friend went on to become a state legislator. With her help, the state law was changed to prevent such a tragedy from occuring again.  I used to work in a place that was located in a very bad area. Since Virginia has enacted the right to carry laws, that place has changed dramatically. It is no longer the crime haven it once was. The reason I was put in these situations was due to my job duties. I'll leave it at that.  9/11 has a lot to do with gun control. Had anyone on those planes been armed with a handgun, 9/11 would not have happened. Yet, the zone of disarmament continues there and other places. Ever notice that violent crimes always happen were guns are forbidden? Like schools? Office buildings? planes? You never see a mass shooting at a gun show...  I disagree with the notion that tellers and counter workers should give over the money. It encourages robbery and crime overall. Twenty years ago, that tactic was okay, today, the criminal mind is more violent and they do it for kicks. It's a mental control thing for them.   As for a fenderbender, again, let's stop with the inuendo and barbs and stick to the topic. Your comments are typical of those who cannot articulate a proper argument for their stance and must result to attempting to ridicule your opponent. I'll give you a bit of advice, it didn't work for Kerry or the rest of the Democrats and it doesn't work for you.   Mike
You and I were having a perfectly civil conversation until some changed the subject   that is what the appoligy is for, the disscution took a left turn some where.
It's one thing to go in the stirrups when you drive yourself to the appointment you made, at a time of your choosing, with a doctor of your choice. Its quite another to have to ride with an investigator to the hospital at two in the morning, while your bleeding, to have a strange forensic nurse examiner collect a PERK kit---all the while knowing that other strangers are waiting outside to bombard you with questions about the intimate details of your encounter; while worrying what your family, friends, and co-workers will say about you the next day; and while knowing that if we ever get to a trial some snot-nosed defense attorney will blame you for somehow encouraging your attacker or for allowing it to happen to you. It's very easy to dismiss rape as an insignificant issue unless you have ever spent time working with victims of that crime.   I'm not advising that you should live in fear of crimes like this or that you should carry a gun. Each of us views the likelihood that violent crime will ever affect us through the lenses of our own prior experience and current circumstances. You have done so in weighing the advantages and disadvantages to yourself of possessing a firearm. You've made what you believe to be a rational choice not to have a firearm, and under your circumstances I can't say that you've made the wrong choice. But there are other people in this world who haven't lived under the same happy circumstances that you or I enjoy and take for granted. Many of them have come to the conclusion that possessing a firearm for protection is the right thing for them. You may feel free to dismiss their concerns about crime as frivolous. You may feel free to label them as succumbing to paranoia because of their desire to protect themselves from violent crime. I will not criticize them, however, because I believe that to do so without having any understanding of how their circumstances differ from mine is terribly elitist.   Now if you want to get away from the slippery slope of individual self-protection, then let me ask your opinion of what lies at the heart of the gun control debate: Do you believe that the 2nd. Amendment recognizes an individual right to keep and bear firearms?
Bryan,  Good to see you here! I was afraid you had abandoned us.   Hate to impose, but I would love to hear your thoughts on the stewart case (there is a different thread for it in this forum).
This is exactly what it's about. Women and SOME men see problems and how to solve them very differently. Left brain, right brain. There are lots of us out here that just don't find that type of male train of thought logical. Men look for ways to fight back. Women look for ways to not start it in the first place. Luckily there are lots of men out there who share my point of view. That's how they get the girls, too.  Women live in a different culture. We just don't encounter the same kinds of conflict. That's not my weakness. That's my advantage. We're on the outside watching the guys do this testosterone thing. Frankly, some of us are wondering. And can you honestly tell me that there aren't men out there who want a gun just to get that masculine "edge"? Those are just the ones that shouldn't have it.    Gee, I'll let my wife know that her thinking is all wrong then... emoticon_rolleyes   Seriously though, don't say all women think like you do. Most of the women I know would laugh at your statements. I suggest you look at organizations such as the Second Amendment Sisters, the LibertyBells, and other pro-gun female groups. Also look at the fact that hand gun sales to women are growing at an exponential rate across the nation.   As I stated earlier, I'm very glad you haven't been put in a situation that may mean your life or death. Many people don't have that luxury. Let me tell you about the one time I had to actually fire my handgun in self defense.  About eight years ago, I was on my way home during the early morning hours from a friends house who lived about an hour's drive from my house. On the way home, I ran over something in the road and got a flat tire. I stopped my car and began changing the tire. Bear in mind that I was outside of a town and it was dark and quiet. The nearest house was about a mile away. Just as I got the last nut off the lug, I heard a noise behind me. Turning, I shined the flashlight on three dogs that were approaching me. The dogs appeared to be in very poor health and they were very aggressive. I was in fear for my safety. I shot all three dogs.   To make a long story short, I contacted the local sheriff's dept. once in town, met a deputy, showed him the scene and left once animal control arrived. I got a call a few days later from animal control asking me if the dogs had come in contact with me. Luckily for me, they hadn't. All three dogs were rabid and had attacked several people in the area.   As hard as I might have tried, I don't think reasoning with these animals would have brought about any kind of solution that would have been better. Basically, the point I want to make with this is, you can't reason with many of the dangers you are likely to face in the world. I am prepared for as many of them as I can be in the fullest extent of my abilities. I carry a fire extinguisher, a shovel, a tow strap, and other vital tools in my vehicle... my handgun is just another tool.  However, a handgun has a distinguishing difference from other tools, it also is a guarantee of freedom from oppression.  Is this to say I'm anti-government? Not at all. I've used my handgun to assist an officer in need of help until other deputies arrived to help.   If you choose to not be prepared and not own a gun, that is your choice, you do not however have the right to tell me that I may not. Self defense is the ultimate civil right. I cannot know the intentions of a criminal and I will not allow myself to become a victim of a criminal, government or anyone else without having an opportunity to defend my own life and property.   Your blanket statement about how women think is very untrue and misleading. I know many would find offense by your words.   As for your remarks about automobile accidents... I've been in a couple. Never did as you claim I would. But then again, we were all told that when the semi auto rifle ban expired, the streets would run red with blood. That hasn't happened yet either.   I suppose gun ownership is a matter of mental and emotional maturity. Those who are not as mature assume everyone is like them and shouldn't have guns. Most of America is more mature than that.  Mike
Then he let go - looked down at the other guy by about 8 inches and swooshed at the air for the other guy to leave. Said don't make me hurt you. The bar tender was watching and had the bouncer throw the other guy out. That short guy was carrying his broken masculinity in a basket. Now are you going to tell me that the world would be a better place if that short guy had a gun in his car and was waiting for my son in the parking lot? That's the real danger in handing out guns willie nillie. There's no way to put an end to that macho man behaviour. That's exactly what it is - macho men.  I understand where you are coming from, but I have to disagree. For one thing, there are plenty of women that carry a gun. not just "macho men." Also, you have to view guns in the context of weapons in general. That other kid could have been waiting for your son in the parking lot with anything deadly--a knife for instance. Or even just to jump him unexpectedly and beat him to death with his fists. No gun law is going to protect your son from being jumped in the parking lot. Even if there were more gun laws, it still doesn't guarantee that a criminal isn't going to get a gun.  There is an odd way of thinking that has arisen since people started fighting against gun ownership so hard that says that guns are to blame for crime and that somehow eliminating that one weapon is going to stop crime. It makes more sense to say that criminals commit crimes, regardless of the weapon. If it's not a gun, it could just as easily be a knife.
And just who are these gun toting ladies afraid of? Not the other women. Come on guys. Handle it at the source.  The same thing as gun totting men, plus rape. I have one friend that has a wierd ex-boyfriend stalking her; calling her several times a day, leaving haunting messages on her voicemail and letters in her mailbox. She keeps a gun handy and I don't blame her. If he decides to do something, no restraining order is going to protect you from harm.
No the odds aren't 50/50. Just like the odds in my example aren't 33/33/33. My odds are way better. But you already knew that.  Actually, no. Please elaborate.
The issue revisited,  Why are there people who want to take away my guns? I have an "assault rifle", an "assault shotgun", and hand guns. All three of these types of guns are under attack and I would like to know why you think that they should be "off the streets" or banned? -------------------------------------------------------------------------- - Adolph Hitler while being interviewed sometime during ww2 stated that he could never attack America on there soil because the American people are to well armed and every farm house would be a major battle.
Iraq looks pretty well armed. That didn't keep us out. But it's not over yet. Maybe it will!?!?!  There's a couple things Iraq lacks that Americans have: training and skill. Most people who own firearms do out of personal interest and are decent shots or better. It's a vast difference from someone who one day picks up a rifle and decides to start fighting. Also, the number of gun owners in the US outnumber the population of most countries; that's a formidable force.
Now see Kickin50, there are probably a lot of things we can agree on. Rape is a horrible crime which is underreported (and you would be truly surprised at how many victims hesitate to report the crime out of fear at how their family and friends will react to the news). It also sounds like you and I can agree that firearm ownership in and of itself is not a bad or evil thing. It seems certain we agree that responsible firearm ownership should be taught and encouraged to those who own firearms (believe it or not, this is what the NRA primarily does).  I'm not here merely to try and score cheap debate points with you. I'm not trying to be your enemy. You shouldn't assume that every question has to be so starkly black and white. I just want to talk with you and share opinions on the private ownership of firearms. For example, I'd like to talk with you about some of the current issues involving firearm restrictions, such as the recent expiration of the AW ban, the ban on possession by convicted felons, etc. To do so, however, I think that we must start with expressing our views on what the Constitution says. My question was: Does an individual right exist? Once we answer this question, then we can move to: What is its scope-what does it protect-which restrictions on the right can survive a constitutional challenge-if they cannot, and if you still wanted the restriction, then could you re-write the law so it could be upheld? (Note that I assume the answer is "yes, an individual right exists." But if you disagree, and want to take the Brady Campaign "collective" right interpretation, then I'll gladly discuss that with you as well) In any event I think it was only your fear that I was trying to lay a trap to catch you and run off an "extreme" direction which prevented you from answering the question with anything other than "no" out of a fear that a "yes" answer would "put one in every pocket and have it alter the face of our society."   I recognize that this is a tremendous fear in the "anti-gun" community. I'm not trying to lump you into that group, but I do know that too many people within it fear that if they acknowledge an individual RKBA then all restrictions on the right will have to be dissolved and we will see people rushing out to buy their full-auto machine guns and private tanks. I don't know where this knee-jerk reaction comes from in the anti movement, but it does not come from any rational interpretation of constitutional law. In my poor opinion this fear leads to a tremendous amount of Orwellian "doublethink" to avoid accepting what the Second Amendment says. But merely admitting that the individual right exists does not spell the doom of all possible regulation of the right. As I have said before, the right cannot be absolute. After all, your rights to free speech and to be free of unreasonable searches and seizures are riddled with exceptions. Likewise, the 2nd. Amendment cannot be free of all limitation. I merely want to know, as a starting point, whether you believe that the individual right exists. We can talk about the scope of the right later if you want.
[QUOTE=kickin50]All I can say is that I can envision a compromise where hunters can have their fun while society at large is relatively safe. Be aware the there are lots of people like me out there. And phrases like "assault weapons" push all the same buttons as "partial birth abortion". You guys have a real PR problem. Every time the NRA opens it's mouth, it gets worse.  The problem is the technical details of such a compromise. My wifes grandfatehr was all for the assault weapon ban, stating "nobody needs something like that" until I pointed out that he owns 3 of them.  The label "assault weapon" is something that was pushed off on us by the anti gunners. It is not something that people generally familiar with firearms EVER used in conneciton to any semi automatic only weapons until the Anits changed its meaning with the Assault weapon ban.  Basically, the problem comes in when we hear about bullets designed to go through bullet proof vests and huge clips that can mow down trees. We don't see the sport to be found in those things. As I said before, my dad loved to hunt - ducks and pheasant. He also fished -- and ice fished. It was the challenge he was after. He wasn't interested in tipping the odds in his favor. Wasn't even interested in deer. Said it was too easy. Not that I'm maligning deer hunters. It's just his concept of the hunt that I rely on. I can promise you that if he was here today, he wouldn't want one of those electronic fish finders. It was the sport of matching wits with the fish that he loved.  But the only people who HAVE bullets designed premierly to penetrate bulletproof vests are law enforcement. They are generally not available on the civilian market. This is another of those technical problems. A .17 will go through a bulletproof vest easily. That is a reound commonly used for furbearers. A jacketed .308, 30-06, or a 7MM magnum will also go through a bulletproof vest easily. Those are the most popular deer hunting rounds in the country. In my state (kansas) the only round legal to hunt deer with that would not penetrate a bullet proof vest is a .30-.30, and that is not a very popular deer round anymore (many people consider it underpowered).  I don't honestly understand what's wrong with that system. I don't see an infringement of anybody's rights - at least not anybody we care about. The problem lies in getting the unauthorized ones off the street - and getting the cooperation of people who are willing to be as responsible as in the last paragraph. And with each day, that problem only gets worse.  It's not a slippery slope. It's a system used for many years - in some places.   First, your argument here makes no sense. It is not logical. you are still arguing that by regulating law abiding citizens, you are somehow going to effect criminals. This doesn't make sense. How is making the guy who has never had any mental problems, any kind of criminal tendancies, jump through a bunch of hoops, going to effect people who are not inclined to follow the law? This is just a logical fallacy. It is non linear reasoning.   At the risk of being called an elitist :) some of this problem may come from the migration of population in the last few decades. The population density has shifted to cities and states that never coped before - with everything that a large population means - from traffic jams to crime. There's a culture clash going on. Those "new" big cities and states are dealing in the way that has historically served them well. As the method "catches on" to cities that never did, we're not taking to these ideas so well. We're saying, hey, we've got generations of practice and our methods work, too. The concept of readily available hand guns and concealed weapons is changing OUR long standing way of life. Bet you never thought of it that way. So you see, it's not about you as much as it's about me.  But you are incorrect when you say that your methods work. Crime has always been much higher in cities. Always, no exceptions. This would imply that the problem is not with us country bumpkins, or in the way we do things, but with you all city folk and the way YOU do things. Your methods have never worked well, ever. Cities have always been crime ridden, and the polices they enact in an attempt to alleviate the crime problem have always backfired. Elitest? I think not. You folks have social problems that the rest of us cannot even fathom, and frankly, to a lot of the country, it seems that you all are a bunch of XXXXXX. You pass up common sense answers to simple problems, instead preferring to complicate the hell out of everything and base policy decisions on a bunch of idealistic garbage.  I live in the country in a fairly rural community. Over 90% of the people in my county own guns. I know for a fact that everybody on my road has at least 2 guns in tehri house. We have MUCH lower crime that just about any city you might care to list. On my road, there has NEVER been a violent crime, despite the fact that we have more guns per capita (by SEVERL orders of magnitude) than most places in the US (this is largely due to my personal collection, which is extensive).  I am not sure where these peopel come from who are not able to look at a problem and come up with a solution, but instead view a problema nd come up with something that is not only NOT a solution, but does not even remotely touch on the problem.   This is the problem with most gun control legislation. Most of it has absolutly NO crime control element built into it, despite the fact that crime control is almost always stated as the problem that they are tryign to address. Having stringent requirements for weapn permits has NOTHING to do with crime control. It is completely lacking in any type of crime control element. It is simply annoying those who are already inclined to follow the law.  An example of a GOOD gun control law, that being one that DOES posess a crime control element, can be found in many states (my own included). Here in Ks, if you are caught in the comission of a burglary, and you are armed with a firearm, you recieve an automatic 5 years in jail. This is a GOOD gun control law. It is enforcable, it targets criminals, not law abiding citizens and it addresses a problem. States and cities that have similar laws experience a significantly lower level of armed burglaries. Oddly enough, New york state and New york City do not have such laws. LA does not have such a law, nor does the styate of california. They have instead chosen idiot measures that have NO effect on criminals, but TARGET law abiding citizens. This is lunacy.
Basically, the problem comes in when we hear about bullets designed to go through bullet proof vests and huge clips that can mow down trees. We don't see the sport to be found in those things.   the problem is compounded by the media, all you hear are inflated clames desined to scare people into watching the news. He had a pistol and he liked to target shoot. But had to get a permit just to transport it back and forth to the firing range. It wasn't a carry permit. It was only to transport it. Took 6-8 weeks for a THOROUGH investigation just to get that.  personaly i do not see a problem with something like this, but the problem is the politishins who say that redstration is just the first step, to be folled by banning the guns (Dian Finstine {i know it is spelled wrong} is an example of one) order to get a carry permit, you had to prove need. What's wrong with that.  who gets to decide if i need one? i drive through Gary In. every working day (#5 of the worst for crime), how can some one sitting back in my home town know weather or not it is a need? also the Indiana Constitution tells me i have a right to self defence.  And that gun was NEVER going to fall into the hands of a criminal. It was registered. He was fingerprinted. He, personally, was responsibile for that gun -- and he knew it. Not a chance he'd sell it, give it away, pawn it.... Had it ever come up missing, he'd have been on the phone pronto reporting that his gun, serial # ------ was gone.  reporting it stolen would not keep it out of the hands of criminals, they do not care about the SN, they scrach it off.   and daewoo, we need to jump on her, she may be ignorant of the word games we see all the time,but i do not think she is stupid, she was just resed in a big city.
and daewoo, we need to jump on her, she may be ignorant of the word games we see all the time,but i do not think she is stupid, she was just resed in a big city.  I know she's not stupid, but as you say, she is from the big city. I, too was originally from a big city. It wasn't until I had been out of there for several years that I realised that they are full of XXXXXX and I had been one of them. One day I just kind of woke up and realised that the folks we kind of looked down on as country bumpkins were applying comon sense a lot more liberally than us sophisticated city folk did.   To be entirely honest, I used to make the same arguments that we see here. It sis just kindof what you are raised to believe or maybe it is more social prjudice that you pick up along the way. It took me quite a while to realise that it was a completley rediculous viewpoint.  I think a lot of this has to do with the differnce in the level of independance you see between country folk and city folk. If you have a problem uin the city, you call the cops, and eventualyl they show up. BUT, you see them all over the place (mostly writing tickets) and that makes you feel secure (despite the fact that nationwide conviction rates are abysmally low, and most cities test their cops to ensure that they are not very smart). In the country, you have aproblem, you call the cops, and then you deal with it as best you can for the 15 or 20 minutes it takes for them to get there. Same goes with an ambulance, or a fire truck. You get a flat in the city, you wander up to the nearest gas station or house and use the phone to call for help, or you use your sell phone. If you are out in the sticks, you chuck the cell phone in the back seat (odds are you don't get reception) and get the spare on before you freeze to death.   If you have never lived in abig city, I would higly recommend you try it, but move away before you loose all your common sense. It really helps you understand the governemtn nanny mentality, because folks there are so dependant on the syatem and on having a bunch of service types running around doing things for them that they never really have to think.  In the coutry, even today, you do for yourself or you do without.
It's would be about (1) him recognizing that he alone was authorized to posses that gun, (2) taking a vested interest in making sure that it wasn't stolen to begin with and (3) protecting himself from being held criminally liable for what was done with that gun after it left his possession.   in what way would any of that stop, or slow someone from breaking in and stealing the gun?   "Encouraged" isn't the word we want to hear.  would you perfer to hear demanded, to the point of having random inspections? also how would it affect illegal gun owners?  Yep. Gary In. isn't a nice place. Agreed. Why is just driving through such a hazard? Is there something special about you that makes you different from the other hundreds or thousands of cars around you? Do you have to carry cash? Do you have to leave the beaten path? Are you driving a $100,000 car? Do you have to do this in the middle of the night? Are you visually offensive?  witch one would constute me needing to be able to carry? (i have a beard, that is offencive to some) :p   As usual, no answer to the sporting aspects of guns. I'm trying to give the benefit of the doubt. You could at least pick up on it. I'm trying to find some reason for your thinking OTHER than dictating to us how to solve our problems and run our lives. You won't let me.  i will answer to sporting uses as soon as i can get some imforation from you, first the "bullets designed to go through bullet proof vests" are you talking about the teflon coated bullets (used to reduce friction in the barral) or the cops having body armor that is not rated for the rounds being shot at them? second the "huge clips that can mow down trees" how many rounds would be needed to mow down the tree? are we talking a small tree, that only needs 8-10, or a redwood that would need thousands? also whar calaber are we talking?  We're not falling victims to scare tactics. We fully understand when a statement is designed to inflame. Do you? This is just an argument that's ramping up using any possible lame argument. Including politishins who say that redstration is just the first step But gun crime is real. We're so totally caught up in the BS catch phrases that the real debate is lost  when you have Dian on natinal TV telling the US that if she could of gotten enough votes it would have been "Mr. and Mrs America, turn them in", and natinal orgnations whos goal is to ban all firearms, I guess it is still just BS catch phrases?  Of course it makes sense. In order to make them readily available to you, they're readily available to everybody. I don't know why they bother with background checks at all. They're just a sales tool used to convince people like me that the pro-gun community is attempting to compromise. They're obviously not doing any good. The problem with guns is that they're cheap.  so banning something that can and has been made in caves, by kids, is the way to get rig of them?
Surprise. I actually did know that these descriptive names aren't all that useful - although I couldn't quote the .17 .308 30-06 etc. It doesn't alter your PR problem.  It is absolutly a PR problem, but not one that is easy to solve. We have the antis preying on peoples ignorance here, and in order to straighten things out you have to convince people that it is important enough to bother learning baout such things.  Of course it makes sense. In order to make them readily available to you, they're readily available to everybody. I don't know why they bother with background checks at all. They're just a sales tool used to convince people like me that the pro-gun community is attempting to compromise. They're obviously not doing any good. The problem with guns is that they're cheap. Relatively. You can quote the $1000 dollar model that you bought and love dearly - would never let out of your sight - but they're also available for much less. A murder weapon, a criminal tool, is so inexpensive that it can be considered a disposable item. No matter how much it cost or didn't cost, no matter what's the individual invested emotionally or didn't invest emotionally, it's still a gun. That's the link that ties. You're forever tied to that other kind of gun owner, whether you like it or not. Gun ownership is your commonality. Every step to protect your rights enables them.  But illegal guns are cheaper than legal ones. I bought my wife a little H&K .40 last year to carry. It is what our local KBI agent refers to as a "grey market item". It was smuggled in from mexico to be sold on the streets. I gave $400 for it, brand new in box, and had the local sheriffs department run a make on the number just to be sure it had never been stolen, etc... In a gun shop, that is a $1000 item. This is an entirely untraceable weapon (or at least was before I had the local sheriffs department check it out) and was less than half the price of the same item at a gun store, which is fairly tracable.    First, it worked fairly well for many many decades. You're choosing to ignore the WHY it broke down. Because we're states not countries. We have no border security. Back in the day, before interstates and fast cars and lots of money to made in the gun industry, there just wasn't that much importing of guns between states - from states that weren't regulating them. The day came when we were swamped in them because they had been illegally transported across state lines. It didn't sneak up on us. We knew it was happening and we knew it when it was happening. There just was no way to stop it.  No, it didn't. It NEVER WORKED. There has NEVER been a time in our nations history where cities had less crime than suburban or rural areas. This has been true in America since the 1800's. At one time people farily routinely carried firearms in NY city. It was decided that gun crime wa a problem, so they put restrictions on guns. Crime went UP in response as the criminals realised that they could now prey on their victims without any real fear of reprecussions. Instead of recognising that the plan was flawed, the fine libs running the place came to the conclusion that they just hadn't gone far enough. So they tightened restrictions more, and crime went up again. Still didn't get the point, that you cannot legislate the actions of criminals and having a completely defenseless society, full of citizens who are unable to effectively defend themselves from crime, is NOT the way to curb crime, they tightened them AGAIN and crime went up AGAIN.  Places with very tight gun control laws in the US have higer crime. That is all there is to it. It is indesputable. The argument that this is only the case because theya re being brought in across the border holds no water. You really think that by limiting guns to law abiding citizens you are going to effect criminals? Drugs are illegal. They bring them in from OTHeR COUNTRIES, and there seem to be plenty of them. You don't think the same would be true with guns if they made them illegal? Theya re already smuggling them and they aren't even illegal, and the smugglers find it so easy to do that they can sell cheaper than the gun shops. Unlike drugs that you can use a dog to find, guns have no distinctive odor. They ar just hunks of metal. Stick them in a crate labeled "machine parts" and mail them. I know a couple of guys in the home gunsmithing community who routinely do this with parts and part kits for guys in canada, and it is no big deal. You take a parts kit for an AK-47 or an uzi, break it into 2 seperate packages, and put "lathe parts" or "mill parts" on the customs paperwork and it si good to go. Customs watches small shipments like that a LOT closer than they watch containers or trucks. The guy I bought that pistol from for my wife had hundreds of them.  This one you're ignoring the WHY we have crime. High population areas are what they are. It's never going to change. It's an environment where people who can't afford to live in your neighborhood reside. They simply don't have the assets to head out to the open sky and buy themselves a plot of land. But we'll glady build some low income housing in your town. Can you just imagine the town hall meeting that would bring. What's your logical solution to that? We seem to have missed it here. Everybody there has a gun so you'll teach 'em a lesson or kill 'em off? Problem solved. Do you have jobs there for them to pull themselves out of poverty? Barring those, what are you going to do with those hungry kids?   I live abotu 10 miles from the biggest low income housing development int eh state. Emporia kansas is the proud home of IBP (Iowa beef packers) it is the ONLY non union packing plant in the coutnry and it is almost entirely staffed by illegal aliens. Emporia is like a mecca to illegals coming over from mexico because they know they can get a high paying job here if they simply provide a randomly chosen social security number. If you follow I-35 south through texas and make your way to any of the mjor border crossings, on the mexican side, there is invariably a sign showing the distance to emporia, Ks. I have seen them. Unfortunatly, we end up with about 3 times as many illegals as IBP can provide jobs to at one time, so we end up in a situation where we have a whole bunch of fresh across the borde illegal aliens running aorund who can't find work and often as not have their entire family in tow.  Illegal aliens commit BY FAR more crime than any other group, especially the ones who are newly arrived. I have heard that this is because they are used to rural mexican law, which is close to non existant. I am told by those who harvest our pecan orchard (who are all mexican, but not illegals) that one of the warnings they get when they come here from the other mexicans that are laready here is that everybody has a gun. They know that if they tryt to break into somebodies house, there is a better than average chance they will be shot. If they try to carjack somebody, there is an excellent cahnce that they will end up with a bullet between the eyes.  There are not really many shootings around. You don't have to shoot anybody. The guy who is willing to steal from you when there is little or no risk to himslef is certainly not willing to do it when there is a good chance he will be killed.   It's an environment where we bump elbows and it's possible to offend each other's space minute to minute. Arming ourselves certainly doesn't solve that. It makes it worse.  Can you prove that, becasue the numbers certainly disagree with you. You seem to be living in the fantasy world created by the antis where you get in a fender bender and people start blowing each other away, or youhave a dispute with the guy next door about blowing leaves in your yard and he takes you out with a bazooka. Sorry, just doesn't happen.  Speaking on non-linear. You're out in the country where there are no opportunities for the segment of the population that has the social problems. Frankly, they have no reason to even visit there. You knew that. That's why you went there. Then you argue that you don't have these problems BECAUSE of your guns. NO. Guns didn't solve it. It never existed.  Bull. The coutry is full of poor white trash. As far as no reason for the criminal element to visit, bull again. Occasionally some mron will get the bright idea that farm houses are a good polace to burglarise. They are isolated, nobody is generlly home during the day, none of them have alarms, and if you screw up and do one where somebody is home, you can be long gone before the cops show up. They learn before long that we take an interest in our neiborghs. If I see a strange car at the house down the road when I don't think anybody should be there, I will go down and check on things to make sure everything is OK. If they pick the wrong house, one where people are home, they don't ahve plenty of time to get away before the police arrive. They catch a load of buckshot in the face and lay there dead until the coroner takes them away. Who ever heard of a farmer that didn't have a gun??  What I just said. We have the problem. We have the solution. You don't have the problem but won't allow us to institute the solution.  But your "solution" impacts me, and has nothign to do with the problem. Not only that , you folks have been trying your "solution" a little at a time for years, and every time you institute a little more of your "solution" the problem gets worse. This heavily suggests that your "solution" is not a "solution" to the problem at hand. If you are not going to deal with the problem, why should I have to suffer through your idiotic "solutions"?  Admittedly, you can't fathom it but you're pretty sure you have the solution.  I don't have the solution. You folks have destroyed your cities to the point that a bulldozer and starting fresh may well be the solution. I do know, because we have data from the DOJ, that your solution certainly does not work. I know it never will because it never has, mostly because it is entirely illogical.   It's not a gun control law at all. It's a punishment law.  No, it is gun control. It attaches penalties for the use of a firearm in a burglary. And IT WORKS. I can show with statistcs that IT WORKS. you, on the other hand, can only show that your gun control concepts are an utter failure everywhere they have been tried, not only here in the US, but in the rest of the world. In south Africa, posession of an illegal firearm can get you the death penalty, and they STILL have major problems with crime related gun use.   As usual, no answer to the sporting aspects of guns. I'm trying to give the benefit of the doubt. You could at least pick up on it. I'm trying to find some reason for your thinking OTHER than dictating to us how to solve our problems and run our lives. You won't let me.  The sporting aspect of guns are well known and I don't think in debate here.    I really don't care how you solve your problems, as long as I don't have to pay for the solution or be inconvenienced by it. You guys created the problems, go ahead and solve them, but do it witouht penalising me or infringing on my rights, and for gods sake, this time around, try to actually solve the problem instead of simply making it worse like you have in the past.  It hardly seems that I am the one here trying to dictate to others how to live their lives. I want people to be as free as possible to live their lives as they see fit. I am not telling you "go out and get a gun" I am telling you to keep your nose out of other peoples business, and if THEY want to gou out and get a gun, let them do it. It won't hurt anything, and it may help in some small way.
What I just said. We have the problem. We have the solution. You don't have the problem but won't allow us to institute the solution.   you are trying a cure the symptom, the problem is the crushing poverty that makes teh people think there is no way out. gun controle, in any form, will not address the problem.
1. The Question of the NRA's image problem  Does the NRA have an image problem? Absolutely. Does the NRA turn this image problem to its own advantage? You bet. It is no secret that for years the NRA has been given a negative treatment by "mainstream" media outlets. Sometimes the anti-NRA bias is subtle. For example, consider how often you have read an article and glossed over the different phrasing used to convey either sympathy for or opposition to remarks by spokesmen---The Brady Campaign spokesman who "shows," "demonstrates," and "points out the fact that" as compared to the NRA spokesman who "complains," "whines," or "would like us to believe." Other times the anti-NRA bias is more blatant, as evidenced by the adoration and praise heaped upon Michael Bellesiles' work Arming America, which was immediately followed by cries of an NRA "smear campaign" when scholars started questioning the facts behind the book, only to be followed by a collective silence when the author's research was indeed proven to be fraudulent. Consider also the media's treatment of Michael Moore's Bowling for Columbine as it blanched and fell silent when confronted with absolute lies like Moore's assumption that the NRA and the Klan have some common past and/or common goals, and his portrayal of then NRA president Charlton Heston as a racist.   Far more interesting, however, is how the NRA not only survives but thrives in this negative media environment. Indeed, the NRA has several times the membership of the Brady Campaign. And oh, if I had only a nickel for every time the NRA successfully pointed out an example of the media bias against it and used it to try and foster a "your rights are under siege" mentality in its membership drives. So yes, I believe that the NRA does have a negative media image, but I also believe that the NRA has proved adept at using this kind of media preaching to "keep the pews full on Sunday."   2. Do arguments in support of an individual RKBA "enable" those who seek to use firearms in crimes of violence?   That's a very interesting argument, and I confess I gave some thought to how I would answer this indictment if it were ever leveled at me. I think my answer would be "maybe," depending on your point of view. Those who would say "yes" assume that I oppose a particular effort to ban or restrict the possession of firearms which, if enacted over my objections, would guarantee a significant reduction in gun crime. Before I am tagged with this label, however, I request that someone first show me such a law and then provoke me to oppose it without just cause.   This obviously lead me to another question: Without doing what I suggest above, can someone still rationalize the belief that I am an "enabler" of gun-toting criminals merely because I argue that the 2nd. Amendment's "right of the people" is an individual right? Perhaps, but it depends on how the reader answers the following questions: When the ACLU lawyer stands up and defends the 1st. Amendment's "right of the people" to peacefully assemble, march, and petition the government for a redress of grievances, would you hail him as a defender of our liberties or label him an "enabler" of the hate-filled klansman he represents? When another lawyer writes a brief requesting the Supreme Court to rule that the 4th. Amendment's "right of the people" to be free of unreasonable search and seizure prohibited the police from establishing a drug checkpoint on your highway, do you applaud his tireless defense of your right to be free from further governmental encroachment, or do you condemn him for "enabling" drug dealers to enjoy a greater freedom to traffic their poison free from governmental interference? And, for those who are pro-choice, if a lawyer representing NARAL argued before the Supreme Court against further state encroachment on the currently recognized individual right to abortion, would you crown the lawyer as a defender of a woman's right to chose, or would you condemn her as an "enabler" of "baby killers"? If the reader is ready to condemn them, then I can see how he or she could also consider me an "enabler" of gun crime. In the end, it all depends on the reader's own bias for or against firearms. In particular, does the reader feel that the worthy law enforcement goal of eliminating gun crime justifies the sacrifice of the individual right to keep and bear them? If so, then am I to be my brother's keeper? Would you ignore my consistent history of the peaceful exercise of my RKBA when you unilaterally decide that another's criminal misuse of this individual right excuses the attempt to eliminate mine? If your answer would be "yes," then do you feel that the end justifies the means for this right only, or can this logic be applied to other civil liberties?   -------------------------- "[I]t is . . . immaterial that the intrusion was in aid of law enforcement. Experience should teach us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the Government's purposes are beneficent. Men born to freedom are naturally alert to repel invasion of their liberty by evil-minded rulers. The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding."-Justice Louis Brandeis, from Olmstead v. United States, 277 U.S. 438, 479 (1928), explaining his belief that evidence from a wiretap obtained in violation of the 4th. Amendment must be suppressed.  "Foolish liberals who are trying to read the Second Amendment out of the Constitution by claiming its not an individual right or that it's too much of a safety hazard don't see the danger of the big picture. They're courting disaster by encouraging others to use the same means to eliminate portions of the Constitution they don't like." Alan Dershowitz, quoted in David T. Hardy, The Conceptual Foundations of Anglo-American Jurisprudence in Religion and Reason, 62 Tenn L. Rev. 759 (1995).
Why do all the honest, upstanding, law abiding gun owners fight so hard to keep from proving that they are just that with true registration laws  the politishins who say teat regstration is the first step tword disarming the country, or at lest that is why i am aganst it.  Why do they fear taking true reponsibility for their own gun? Could the answer be the obvious one. They're not willing to guarantee that every day, for the rest of their lives, they will continue to be honest, upstanding and law abiding. They can't guarantee they're not going to OOPS! Shot the wrong guy. If it comes down to it, they want the option of throwing that gun in the river. They can mask it all they want, but the bottom line is always the same. When somebody (or in this case a group) fights that hard, the reason is always self serving  yep, but the reason is not what you have guessed, it is that i like shooting, and like collecting also. (ordered a M1938 Mosin Nagant yesterday, so i will have all 3 varities soon, next is the m1 carbines, or saigas)  Each of the "rights" you've quoted above have been limited in some way  they are (OK, should be) limited to where your activity infringes on anouthers rights, same for the RTBA. there are arms that i feel should be bared from privet ownership. people are so focased on "guns" and wount thing of any other arms.
1. That&#8217;s a very interesting argument, and I confess I gave some thought to how I would answer this indictment if it were ever leveled at me. I think my answer would be &#8220;maybe,&#8221; depending on your point of view. Those who would say &#8220;yes&#8221; assume that I oppose a particular effort to ban or restrict the possession of firearms which, if enacted over my objections, would guarantee a significant reduction in gun crime. Before I am tagged with this label, however, I request that someone first show me such a law and then provoke me to oppose it without just cause.   To me, this is the big question in the debate. With the tens of thousands of firearms related laws on the books, nobody has yet to show that a single one of them has significantly impacted crime related gun use or ownership. I fail to see how, lacking any evidence that these laws have been effective, we can possibly justify passing any more such laws without some kind of reasonable expectation that it will work.  Gun bans do not seem to work. They have been tried, and have failed. The rational that "they haven't worked because they are still legal in other states" seems like it could be easily expanded, in the event that the anti gunners fondest dreams to come true, to "It hasn't worked because they are not banned in other countries".  Bans have failed miserably in the attempt to control gun violence. Registration has shown itself to be entirely ineffective. Regulating what type of weapon people may have has proven to be a worthless endeavor, as have, apparently, tens of thousands of other firearm laws we have in this country.  Lacking any evidence of these firearms laws actually being usefull, I fail to understand the mindset that we need more. Do people actually believe that there is some magic silver bullet gun legislation out there that will convert gun toting criminals into disarmed model citizens?  Show me a gun control law that has a reasonable chance of reducing gun crime, and I would support it. Unfortunatly, no such law has been suggested. Onstead we get a bunch of foolish laws that are based on requirements that only law abiding citizens are going to be inclined to obey anyway.
You know, I've never understood why we kept Cat Stevens out of the country to begin with. It didn't sound like he was wearing Richard Reid's spare set of sneakers or anything dangerous like that.   You are absolutely right when you point out that all the other rights I used as examples are subject to rational limitation. I used them because they are no different from the RKBA. They are all individual rights. Each of these, just like the RKBA, is under attack from a powerful lobby which champions the need to protect one citizen from another. The abortion right I spoke of there was not a right of a fetus, but the Roe v. Wade right of a woman to chose to terminate her pregnancy. (and this, by the way, is just an analogy. I am not trying to open up an abortion debate here. If I ever chose to do so, then I'll go visit the abortion page)  Whenever anyone wants to debate the RKBA, the first issue is to define whether it is an individual right. This is where the main battle is currently being fought. We can talk all day about extremists in the "no compromise" pro-gun crowd, but the debate is not one-sided, and at the other end of the street we find the "no compromise" gun ban crowd. There is a very vocal minority in the gun control movement which argues for the abolishment of all private firearm ownership. Members of this minority have held leadership positions in gun control organizations in the past, and it is this crowd which stirs up emotions in the entire pro-gun crowd. Quite frankly, these fringe elements on both side of the isle spend so much time yelling at each other they prevent any meaningful debate. If you read anything written by either side of this extreme you see how they feed off each other.   For example, it takes only a limited search of no compromise gunny statements to see how they complain that organizations like the Brady Campaign have tried to cut and past the RKBA out of the Constitution with the imagined "collective rights" theory of the 2nd. Amendment. They have seen that the BC's interpretation of the amendment would replace the phrase "the right of the people" with "the right of the states" or "the right of the states to provide arms for their militias." They saw officials of the previous presidential administration argue before our courts that the individual citizen has no right to possess any firearm for any reason at any time (except for a government issued weapon while on active duty with the military/national guard). They also decry the deliberate misinterpretation of cases like U.S. v. Miller. The gunny saw John Kerry stage a photo op at which he was given a Remington semi-auto shotgun, and then he reads in his NRA magazine the facts that Kerry voted to ban the very gun he was given as well as his support for a law that would make it a crime for the man to give him the gun without a background check.   Is the no compromise gunny concerned about registration? You bet. He complains all the time about how registration is a punishment imposed only upon the law abiding. He constantly complains about how registration has been a stepping stone to ban and confiscation in other countries. He broadcasts statistics to prove how ineffective registration has been in preventing crimes with firearms, and he gleefully points out the mass resistance which is destroying Canada's registration scheme. He claims there is a gun ban "hidden agenda," which he finds in the following quote from the founder of the CPHV and former HCI chairman Nelson T. Shields:   "We're going to have to take one step at a time, and the first step is necessarily, given political realities, going to be very modest. Our ultimate goal, total control of handguns in the United States, is going to take time. The first problem is to slow down the increasing number of handguns in this country. The second problem is to get handguns registered, and the final problem is to make the possession of all handguns, and all handgun ammunition illegal."  In short, he doesn't trust the BC talking heads who assure him they won't take away his guns, but on the other hand tell their friends that guns are immoral and have no purpose in our society, that the world would be better off without guns, and that they could ban his guns if they wanted to because he had no right to have them. To quote (which he often does) Senator Boxer, who said that if she could have gotten the votes she would have been saying "Mr. and Mrs. America, turn them all in."   You see, there is an inherent dishonesty in the gun ban movement which raises the ire of the entire pro-gun side of the debate, myself included. This in turn leads the fringe absolutist wing of the pro-gun camp to try and fight fire with fire, which leads the gun ban crowd to accuse them of being dishonest, etc.   I can muster arguments all day long for why the RKBA is individual, but I don't suffer fools gladly and I get tired of arguing with people who have a deliberately imperfect memory when they argue for the collective rights theory of the RKBA. The gun ban advocate will simply chose to ignore any fact, either historical or otherwise, which is cited to him if that fact dares contradict his personal opinion of the RKBA. How can I try and offer any rational view of a properly limited individual RKBA to such a person, particularly when the pro-gun fanatic sees his dishonesty cries "See, see, I told you so! Give him an inch and he'll take all your guns!"?   I would much rather talk with you, Kickin50, because you seem to agree that the right is individual. This is why I offered my olive branch. The real issue for me (and, I hope for you) is how to define the scope of the individual RKBA? What does it protect, and what regulation will it permit? Is there a framework for interpreting the right which can be used to test the constitutionality of laws which restrict or regulate the right? I think I have been able to come up with one. My view of the right is probably going to be more expansive then yours, but that's OK. I choose to talk with you because I think we could discuss the issue and even disagree with each other while acting like adults without having to resort to shouting at each other.  --------------------------------------------  "Are we at last brought to such an humiliating and debasing degradation that we cannot be trusted with arms for our own defense? Where is the difference between having our arms under our own possession and under our own direction, and having them under the management of Congress? If our defense be the real object of having those arms, in whose hands can they be trusted with more propriety, or equal safety to us, as in our own hands?"-Patrick Henry, 3 Elliot, Debates at p. 386.
For all you anti-gun folks who say that banning guns will prevent crime . . .  http://www.cnn.com/2004/US/11/24/school.stabbing.ap/index.html
For all you anti-gun folks who say that banning guns will prevent crime . . .  http://www.cnn.com/2004/US/11/24/school.stabbing.ap/index.html  Yeah. Banning them will only send us back to the medieval times when everyone used SWORDS.
Yeah. Banning them will only send us back to the medieval times when everyone used SWORDS.    Well at least you can't have a drive by swording. You can run from a sword. They are pretty tough to conceal in a bank robbery.
Yeah. Banning them will only send us back to the medieval times when everyone used SWORDS.  or increase the use of "zip guns"
I think if you man guns criminals will just keep using guns. Production of illegal firearms in Britain is apparently through the roof. They are converting starting pistols and "non firing" replicas into regular weapons.  Trying to prevent criminal use of firearms by making firearms illegal is stupid. Idiotic. I cannot even think of astrong enough word to describe the stupidity of that moronic mindset.
I think if you man guns criminals will just keep using guns. Production of illegal firearms in Britain is apparently through the roof. They are converting starting pistols and "non firing" replicas into regular weapons.  Trying to prevent criminal use of firearms by making firearms illegal is stupid. Idiotic. I cannot even think of astrong enough word to describe the stupidity of that moronic mindset.    Hence the most drinking and alcohol ever was during prohabition, same idea?
Hence the most drinking and alcohol ever was during prohabition, same idea?   I think it is exactly the same idea, and in addition to huge amounts of alcohol still being produced and consumed in this nation, prohibition also gave rise to organised crime, which we still have to deal with today.  There was never really a problem with gun crime in england until the ban. There were certainly isolated incidents, but you didn't see nearly the number of incidents as are reported now.   I read a story the other day from some british newspaper about a guy who had been arrested by british cops for taking starter pistols and turning them into firing weapons. they suspected he had done dozens of them.   Since they have outlawed guns, a man with a gun in his pocket has become a powerful figure. He can move secure in the knowledge that the average, law abiding, joe on the street cannot hope to counter his destructive capability, and that is a guy with a converted starter pistol in his pocket. Theives and criminals who are inclined to violence, and have practice in beating and bludgening people, have a decided advantage over your average citizen.  In all reality, it is a rather brutish way to live,not a more civil one. Power at the street level is decided by who is bigger, who is the alpha male, who is the better fighter. From a reasonable standpoint, your average citizen has no real hope if a bad guy decides to target them.   Here in America, having a gun in your hand doesn't make you especially powerful, because there are so many others who also have them.   It has been said that god created man, and Sam Colt made them all equal. There is some truth to that. Without weapons, we are ruled by brute force. Those who are bigger, stronger, and more violent, are free to prey on the rest of us (with the exception of the 20% or less that the police actually manage to catch).  While having the government protect you is a good idea, it has never been one that actually worked. There has always been crime, and there likely always will be. There is no escaping this. Nobody can babysit you 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, but you. Even in Soviet Russia, where penalties for crime were in many cases barbaric, there was still crime (it could also be argued that the really nasty criminals were running things).   It would be nice if someday we evolved to the point that such things were unneeded, but it is unlikely, and we certainly haven't gotten there yet. We are still just animals, and as such are ruled by animal instincts and passions. Sure, we wrap our darker impulses in a think cloak of "civilization", but they are still there, and in many people that thin cloak tears rather easily.
 For all you anti-gun folks who say that banning guns will prevent crime . . .  http://www.cnn.com/2004/US/11/24/sc...g.ap/index.html   this was not an act by a regular criminal, it was a 15 year old kid who is messed up, and decided to bring a couple of knives to school.
i am a convicted felon.when i was 17 i was tried as an adult for 5 charges of grand theft auto.my boyfriend at the time had those charges plus 4 others he was sent to prison and i was given 1 year probation. now that i am 30 i have 3 sons and a single mom i would like to go buy a firearm learn how to use and take a corse on the saftey matters.i just would feel safe knowing i could protect my sons should someone brake in our home and try to harm either of us. do you think i should be prohibited to have a firearm?
i am a convicted felon.when i was 17 i was tried as an adult for 5 charges of grand theft auto.my boyfriend at the time had those charges plus 4 others he was sent to prison and i was given 1 year probation. now that i am 30 i have 3 sons and a single mom i would like to go buy a firearm learn how to use and take a corse on the saftey matters.i just would feel safe knowing i could protect my sons should someone brake in our home and try to harm either of us. do you think i should be prohibited to have a firearm?  Yes, I think you should be able to buy a firearm. I would go one step further and say that since you are not a violent felon, and you (I am guessing) have not committed any more felonies, that one should be expunged from your record, and should have been long ago.
i am a convicted felon.when i was 17 i was tried as an adult for 5 charges of grand theft auto.my boyfriend at the time had those charges plus 4 others he was sent to prison and i was given 1 year probation. now that i am 30 i have 3 sons and a single mom i would like to go buy a firearm learn how to use and take a corse on the saftey matters.i just would feel safe knowing i could protect my sons should someone brake in our home and try to harm either of us. do you think i should be prohibited to have a firearm?  I have no problem with you receiving your RKBA back. States have specific rules governing the restoration of rights stripped from people convicted of a felony. In Virginia (where I live), you must first petition the Governor for restoration of your civil rights (like your right to vote). Once he does that (and your case seems a likely one for restoration), then you are allowed to further petition the Circuit Court of your city or county for restoration of your RKBA. You end up with a nice certificate from the Governor and an order from a judge restoring your rights. Your convictions still exist for record checking purposes, but the VCIN/NCIC criminal record history database would also list your rights as restored.
how are there 4% of homes with firearme, my understanding is that the laws require all privetly owned guns to be stored at a "shooting club", and can not be at your home.
Personally, I have no problem with the criminal being possibly shot and killed by either the homeowner or the police. Mine showing us where you got your numbers from? Also, feel free to display crime rates (not just guns) as well. You'll find that while we have higher homocide rates, all incidents of robbery, assault, rape, etc. are less likely in the US. Also, a survey of prison inmates by the DoJ found that an overwhelming percent of inmates were less likely to break into a home if they thought the owner had a gun.
I don't know about alcohol prohibition in the USA, but I am not certain the person who wrote this - . is quite right. (I assume he means ban guns.) Nor am I sure he could support his claim of illegal firearm production.  Yes, I meant ban guns, and yes, I am right. The segment I saw on the production of illegal firearms in Britain mostly involved converting starter pistols and non firing replicas. Here are a couple of articles that touch on it it:  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/2640221.stm http://www.ncis.co.uk/ukta/2002/threat07.asp http://www.dvc.org.uk/~johnny/dunblane/replicas.html  I know that somewhere you can search transcript of BBC shows (that is where I saw it).   These facts would seem to contradict his view.  The U.S. has a high gun murder rate, whereas a country like England with strict gun controls has almost no gun murders and a very low murder rate  You are using a common anti gun logical fallacy here in assuming that a lower murder rate automatically means lower gun crime. This is not the case. The vast majority of gun crimes do not end in a death.  Those facts have nothing to do with my view.  Here are a few more interesting articles regardig Britains gun control idiocy.   http://www.bbc.co.uk/radio4/news/fileon4/index_20031014_guns.shtml http://www.thevanguard.org/thevanguard/other_writers/woolrich.shtml http://www.gunblast.com/British_Crime_Soars.htm  And in a really idiotic twist:  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/3617372.stm  What will the brits think of next? no wonder they lost the world.
The fact that you are 57 times more likely to be killed by someone with a firearm in the US, than in the UK, cannot be completely discounted in this discussion. All these statistics are on a per capita basis, so the comparative populations are irrelevant.  one majoe issue not tuched on by the chat used for the #'s is how many of the homisides were both partys involved in illegal activity? I am not 57 times more likly to be killed than you are, most of the murders are commitd during illegal activty, a durg deal gone bad, gang activty ect.
Your also ignoring the fact that guns have impact on all crimes, not just firearm related crimes. In doing so you are discrediting your own statements. Firearm ownership pros/cons does not stop at firearm-related homocides.
I am not deliberately ignoring anything. This thread is about guns, so I am addressing firearm related crimes.  You're ignoring it once again. As I've stated twice, firearms effect all crimes, not just firearm-related crimes. Lack of theft could be due to firearm ownership, firearms are estimated to stop 800,000+ incidents of miscellaneous violent crime each year. You seem not to take self-defense into consideration at all when making statements, crimes stopped through firearm use in self-defense are rarely reported unless someone is shot. This is another concept in itself: firearms don't have to kill or even be used to stop a crime, they can just be displayed.  To present firearm related crimes serves no purpose other than to state a fact, no useful conclusions can be drawn from it. You can't even argue that firearm ownership itself leads to more firearm homicides, seeing as places other than the US and UK have lower homocide rates and a large percentage of firearm ownership.  What exactly are you trying to prove, if anything?
One can debate the gun , no gun issue, until the moon turns to sand and to me , it is quite a moot debate . I am a gun owner, I grew up way out in the country with guns behind every door in the old house I was raised in . I was taught gun safety the old fashion way and with the simplest of instruction regarding the handling of a firearm. That one line instruction was: DO NOT point the muzzle , loaded or not, at ANYTHING you do not want to DIE. One sentence of instruction, and it lasted me 42 years without a gun mishap yet.   I hunted game from the time I was 9 , stop killing animals when I reached 30, and started shooting paper competively, and found that to be more fun. I dont shoot anymore, but have most of my guns still in the house, and I am very passionate about them and the privilege of getting to own them in my home country (USA) . ..  At 52 years old now, I will say this about guns . IF FOR THE SAKE of not one more person ever being hurt or killed by a firearm , and IF ALL the guns in the whole WORLD could be tossed in to the ocean tommorrow, and NEVER again another one could be made, I would load all of my guns on that gun dumping boat today. But people, that scenario is NOT EVER going to happen in this world, SO in light of that, I prefer to remain armed in a society that has deemed money and self imposed power, more sacred than human life. all jmo
You may state it as many times as you like, but firearms cannot affect crimes in a society (the UK in this case,)wherein guns are almost non-existent.  If that doesn't count in your opinion, then why does homocide rates? Both show numbers between societies with differing amounts of firearms ownership.  Again, this cannot apply to a society wherein the incidence of firearms is negligible, and upon what basis may the number of crimes which might have been committed, be calculated? What is the source of your 800,000 figure, and in which jurisdiction has this surmise been made?.  Those are actually low estimates, high estimates hit 2.5 million. That said, these numbers are research and supported by a number of people, one of the most popular would probably be John Lott.  There is no need for firearms to be deployed when none are employed by would-be assailants.  Why? If some comes at you a with a bat or knife and you own a firearm within easy reach, are you going to shoot or ask them to please stop? Shooting someone who makes an attempt on your life, no matter the weapon, is self-defense and you are allowed to defend yourself with a gun. Many police defend themselves from instruments other than guns with gun fire every year, and are justified.  It has been established that the per-capita incidence of firearm related crime is higher in the USA than in the UK, and it has also been established that the incidence of gun ownership is incomparably higher in the USA than in the UK. Readers may draw their own conclusions from these two not unrelated facts.  Big surprise; more guns equals more use in crime. Take them out of society, the crime proceeds as normal with new weapons. It can even increase crime because you prevent people from defending themselves and criminals loose the deterent of the home owner resisting with deadly force. Say, how's knife usage over there in the UK? Aus has already put heavy regulations on swords due to 'incidents'.  Facts: Reducing guns in society does not stop crime. Crime rates in the US are declining. Crime rates in the UK and Aus are increasing.  You may choose to find the relationship inconvenient, but others may find otherwise. Leo  Inconvenient? Nah. Useless? Yep.
i am a convicted felon.when i was 17 i was tried as an adult for 5 charges of grand theft auto.my boyfriend at the time had those charges plus 4 others he was sent to prison and i was given 1 year probation. now that i am 30 i have 3 sons and a single mom i would like to go buy a firearm learn how to use and take a corse on the saftey matters.i just would feel safe knowing i could protect my sons should someone brake in our home and try to harm either of us. do you think i should be prohibited to have a firearm?  I don't think you should have a firearm, or the right to vote.  Sorry. Next life, don't steal cars.
Clearly, the reason for discussing the incidence of gun related crimes, and homicide in particular, between societies with differing incidence of firearms, is to examine whether the greater incidence of firearms results in a greater incidence of firearm related crime.  The comparison between the UK and the USA would appear to support the latter conclusion.  You seem to be arguing that, in the USA, a high incidence of gun ownership, by virtue of its deterrent value, contributes to making it a less violent society. Accepting an already high incidence of firearm ownership, you may well be correct, but only under the particular circumstances obtaining in your society.   Let us assume, for the purposes of discussion, that your assumptions are correct within American society. Can you not see that these assumptions do not apply to a society such as Great Britain, wherein gun ownership is virtually non-existent?  Actually it does. Following your same pattern, inversed, you could surmise that the lack of guns leads to a higher amount of violent crime. One argument is just as legitimate as the other with the numbers provided.  Starting from the point that firearms are extremely rare here, extensive gun ownership would make this society, (and many others around the world,) less safe than they are now. It may have no effect upon the incidence of criminal behaviour, but an armed criminal fraternity as well as an armed population and police force, would certainly increase the incidence of lethal assault, (whether intentional or in self defence.) There are not many incidents of 'drive-by coshings, or knifings'. Are there?  I'm not saying what works here will work there, but if you can make assumptions based off numbers, the same ones can be made right back at your society. Neither really addresses why the numbers are what they are, even the best researchers haven't figured that out. But if you proved firearms increase the crime rate, you would be the first to do so. Can't say I've ever seen a drive by myself, but they are rare when it comes to crime. Most confrontations happen within 7 yards according to statistics, this what police and self-defense instructors train for. A knife is very lethal at that range and is of utmost concern for police, because your typical bullet-resistant vest won't stop a knife.  Furthermore, under British law, you are not entitled to use any more force than absolutely necessary to deter would be robbers and thieves. So if you shoot someone who is in the process of breaking into your home, you will be charged with either manslaughter or assault, depending upon whether you kill or merely injure him. Similarly, if you shoot and kill someone who is attacking you, but unarmed with a lethal weapon, you will be charged with manslaughter at the very least, and are liable to be charged with murder. Reasonable force is all that British law allows to be employed.  This isn't the UK. In the US, you have a right to protect yourself and your family. My state constitution specifically grants me the right to firearms for self-defense. If the person breaks into your house and had the means to kill you, chances are in a shooting that you will get the benefit of the doubt in a court case because they broke into your house and started the confrontation. Many people are killed with hands and feet every year, they are lethal devices if used in such a capacity, especially to an old person or a female of small stature. Other weapons offer varying degrees of lethality that only get greater with use.  There was a case some years ago of a farmer who lay in wait, with a hunting shotgun, for a group of teenagers who were breaking into his home. He waited until they had actually broken in, and then shot and injured one of them. He went to gaol for a very long time.  You can clearly see that wasn't self-defense.  I am sorry, but I haven't the foggiest idea of who John Lott is! But what I am questioning is the methodology employed to estimate crimes which might have been committed. Such estimates can only be a matter of surmise.  http://www.johnrlott.com/  Furthermore, as I am sure you are aware, the British police do not carry firearms, and they defend themselves equally well against attacks from criminals armed with lethal weapons. The difference lies in the fact that fewer criminals, and policemen, are shot dead in the UK. Surely this is a preferable situation?  Not when it comes to protecting my family since there are no police where I live. You have to remember, the US populat is approximately 50% in a rural area with no police force. Our police are also no responsible for our welfare, they are there to enforce the law and act after a crime has taken place. Too late if it was your murder. Police deaths in the US only number around 300 or less I believe, not a large number by any means.  As for knife usage in the UK, I am not sure quite what you are implying. Britain is not known as a violent society, and certainly not known for knife related assault. So I suspect that implication was a case of clutching at straws.  Might want to look into that. I've talked to other people from the UK who seem to run into knives a lot more than anything else. Heck, there is even a group over there trying to get all knives carried on your person banned (you did know this right?). You get a lengthy sentence for anything with a blade over 3", and a slap on the wrist for possesing a 3" or less blade. I'd hate to see the looks on their face when they found out my Remington pocket knige had two 4" blades.  As for Australia and swords, I can only assume you are joking. Australia is a highly developed modern society, and at no time in its history has the sword been a weapon of choice. The number of even ceremonial swords extant in Austra;ian society would be negligible. I know of the legislation to which you are referring, which came about as a reaction to one ioncident, and was simply a part of a larger crackdown on all weapons which could prove lethal. The idea that Australians are charging about the place weilding broadswords is more than a little fanciful.  How does passing a law on one incident, limited to swords, crack down on other crimes? Seems like an excuse for further government controls rather than something useful to society.  No! That is opinion. Something to which you are entitled, but do not confuse it with fact.  Try finding some evidence that contradicts my "opinion", if you find it you'll have made history. Once again, when firearms aren't available, criminals find other means of causing crime. Otherwise, how did crime exist before the late middle ages?  Again, that is a matter of somewhat convenient opinion. I have seen no statistics or evidence to support those contentions. During a recent holiday in the USA, I saw the Bronx and Harlem. So let us not hear about how violent are the societies of Great Britain and Australia!  Leo   You just visited two of the most gun regulated areas in the US. Guns are basically banned in those areas, but that doesn't seem to stop their use. Now, try traveling somewhere south to Virginia or even my home of Kentucky. We have some of the laxest gun laws in the nation, but violence is relatively rare.
emclean, I have never heard of that law. What good would it do if you couldn't keep your gun in your house.
   This isn't the UK. In the US, you have a right to protect yourself and your family. My state constitution specifically grants me the right to firearms for self-defense. If the person breaks into your house and had the means to kill you, chances are in a shooting that you will get the benefit of the doubt in a court case because they broke into your house and started the confrontation.   You just visited two of the most gun regulated areas in the US. Guns are basically banned in those areas, but that doesn't seem to stop their use. Now, try traveling somewhere south to Virginia or even my home of Kentucky. We have some of the laxest gun laws in the nation, but violence is relatively rare. ------------------------------------------------------------------------ I edited RooK's comments to Leo.  To Leo: 1] NY city residents do not get NY state permits like the rest of us. They get NY city permits. Hence, not many people bother. And in Harlem and the Bronx and the areas you visited? With their crime rates, it is obvious not all the crime is "guns". Guns (w/out permits) are just used as a means to an end in lots of crimes. Criminals wouldn't be complying with a gun ban!  2]I would like to let Leo know that there is a NYC law which specifically FORBIDS concealed carry in NYC for those of us with concealed carry permits from the rest of NY State. You can get a permit to carry a gun through the city. The procedure is insane. [I went to my cousin, a NYC cop, to bring our gun through the one time we took it]  To RooK: I live in the country. My county has very low crime rates; the nearest city has high ones. We also, as a county, have the highest number of pistol permits in a county in the state - lots of target shooters. As to self defnse, we also have a long turn around on police response. And, we live  near 2 prisons. If there is a break, sirens go off. That's when I load the shotgun and put it in an easy place to access. Otherwise, our guns remain unloaded except at the 2 ranges we use. -----------------------------------------------------  I am sorry some do not see the gun as a tool. It is used to bring down our number of deer and turkey. it is used to compete in rifle and pistol matches. It is something you do not play with; it is not a toy. It can be used for self defense. Personally, I would have no reason to not use in if my family was threatened. Too bad the antis on the forum cannot see a gun for the enjoyment it can give after a day in the field....
"Ban guns and then criminals will just use something else"  I was vivsiting family around New Year's and one of my in-laws walked in with the paper, She was disgusted. "The fifth of January, and we already had our first murder in this town!"  A man killed his friend with a car battery. Whacked him over the head with it.  You know what this means? I'm calling for a ban on car batteries!  No one should be allowed to buy, possess or carry a car battery without a permit. And they have to be registrered so we can confiscate them when we achieve our goal of a complete ban.  You can only buy car batteries from a licensed dealer like Ed's garage. And he better keep good records- we can't let him lose car batteries like the FBI does. He better comply or we'll send BATF&CB (Bureau of Alcohol, tobacco, Firearms, and Car Batteries) agents in, batteries a blazing.   No one needs a car battery anyway, right? Especially not those "high capacity assault batteries"- no deep cycle batteries allowed. And anything over 12 volts will be a destructive device subject to the NBA (National Battery Act).   Gotta ban those saturday night batteries, too! Everybody knows anything with less than 500 cold cranking amps has no sporting purpose.  Anything smaller than a motorcycle battery has got to go. They're too concealable. I've heard of elementary school kids taking them to school. Egad!  I know some people will be inconvenienced or even endangered by this, but if it will save just one person, it's worth it.  People don't kill people, car batteries kill people.
WayneinFL: I like your tongue in cheek answer. [Only isn't the classic line "guns don't kill people, people kill people"? Therefore: yours should read in reverse.....]  Your commentary is a true underscoring of the lunatic fring ravings you hear from the antis! --------------------------------- You made mention of Saturday night specials. I am not a good debater, so maybe someone wants to take this up for debate: The elimination of the Saturday Night Special (by the Brady group)did 3 things: 1) poor people could not buy a gun to protect themselves 2) criminnals bought (or stole) better guns to use in crimes .......therefore: 3) people at risk to be robbed, as the small shopkeeper, have less a chance of surviving - since the potential robber no longer will have a poorly made Sat. night special in hand (which may just blow itself up in the robbers face....), but are facing a good gun.  Wouldn't you rather see a criminal with a bad gun? [Better yet, no gun, only we know that won't happen]
"[Only isn't the classic line "guns don't kill people, people kill people"? Therefore: yours should read in reverse.....]"  Nope. Since I am a true anti-car-battery-crusader, I cannot be convinced that people kill people. That would be an admission that there is something evil that exists in violent people. We're all equal, right? The crack dealer, cop-killer, I, and the lawful car battery owner are all the same, except we don't all have access to car batteries. The lawful car battery owner will sooner or later become a killer. (still tongue in cheek, of course)  Consider this:Tonya Harding was such a sweet little skater until she was arrested for assault. Last year, I think? She whacked her ex in the head with a hubcap. That just goes to show you- leave a hubcap sitting around the house long enough, sooner or later someone will be assaulted with it.   Who keeps a hubcap lying around the livingroom anyway????? There's gotta be a "you might be a redneck if..." joke in there somewhere.  I wonder if this really is true. I'd like to see if there is a causal relationship between the number of salvage car parts in the home, and violence. The VPC should check this out.
From the BBC world news service @  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/4581871.stm  Doctors' kitchen knives ban call    Doctors say knives are too pointed A&E doctors are calling for a ban on long pointed kitchen knives to reduce deaths from stabbing. A team from West Middlesex University Hospital said violent crime is on the increase - and kitchen knives are used in as many as half of all stabbings. They argued many assaults are committed impulsively, prompted by alcohol and drugs, and a kitchen knife often makes an all too available weapon. The research is published in the British Medical Journal. The researchers said there was no reason for long pointed knives to be publicly available at all. They consulted 10 top chefs from around the UK, and found such knives have little practical value in the kitchen. None of the chefs felt such knives were essential, since the point of a short blade was just as useful when a sharp end was needed.  The researchers said a short pointed knife may cause a substantial superficial wound if used in an assault - but is unlikely to penetrate to inner organs.   Kitchen knives can inflict appalling wounds In contrast, a pointed long blade pierces the body like "cutting into a ripe melon". The use of knives is particularly worrying amongst adolescents, say the researchers, reporting that 24% of 16-year-olds have been shown to carry weapons, primarily knives. The study found links between easy access to domestic knives and violent assault are long established.  French laws in the 17th century decreed that the tips of table and street knives be ground smooth. A century later, forks and blunt-ended table knives were introduced in the UK in an effort to reduce injuries during arguments in public eating houses. The researchers say legislation to ban the sale of long pointed knives would be a key step in the fight against violent crime. "The Home Office is looking for ways to reduce knife crime.  "We suggest that banning the sale of long pointed knives is a sensible and practical measure that would have this effect."  Government response   Home Office spokesperson said there were already extensive restrictions in place to control the sale and possession of knives. "The law already prohibits the possession of offensive weapons in a public place, and the possession of knives in public without good reason or lawful authority, with the exception of a folding pocket knife with a blade not exceeding three inches. "Offensive weapons are defined as any weapon designed or adapted to cause injury, or intended by the person possessing them to do so. "An individual has to demonstrate that he had good reason to possess a knife, for example for fishing, other sporting purposes or as part of his profession (e.g. a chef) in a public place. "The manufacture, sale and importation of 17 bladed, pointed and other offensive weapons have been banned, in addition to flick knives and gravity knives." A spokesperson for the Association of Chief Police Officers said: "ACPO supports any move to reduce the number of knife related incidents, however, it is important to consider the practicalities of enforcing such changes."
From the BBC world news service @  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/4581871.stm  Doctors' kitchen knives ban call   "  I'm surprised the current administration hasn't seized the opportunity to spawn another giant bureaucracy in their quest to expand government control - knife registration. Banned on airliners, a close ally (UK) calling for it and Muslims having access to them could easily be used as rationalization.
short bladed knives were used to kill 2500 people in the u.s. in sept, 2001. Oughta ban those too. Didn't they ban knives in ancient China? I read somewhere they were allowed one knife per village, or something like that.
Whenever people bring up the crime differential between the US and the UK, I'm reminded of the fact that 100 years ago, neither country regulated firearms at all.  Yet the US had a higher murder rate.  Basically we've always had a higher murder rate, even when guns were as easy to obtain in the US as the UK.  Here are a couple of interesting posts that seem relevant.  http://posseincitatus.typepad.com/posse_incitatus/2005/05/disarmed_crimin.html  http://posseincitatus.typepad.com/posse_incitatus/2005/05/the_significanc.html   I also think Leo's got a rather strange fixation on firearms. What does it matter if you are more likely to die from a gunshot in the US than in the UK? Dead is dead.  You're more likely to die in an auto accident in either country.  As has been pointed out before, most US crime is concentrated in urban areas and it is often criminals killing other criminals.  I actually agree that the UK shouldn't immediately go to a wide open gun ownership society simply because its people are ready to handle the responsibility of gun ownership. It would have to be a gradual process of reversing their loss of rights.  But I think it would help lower crime rates and increase the safety of the British people in general.
Something that people on this thread might find interesting.  It's a scatter chart comparing the rate of homicides per 10,000 people to the percentage of homes containing firearms.  It quite clearly indicates that the volume of firearms is not at all related to the rate of homicide.  Who'd a thunk it?
For those who argue that in the U.S. more guns = more gun violence....  See the latest 10 year survey of firearm violence statistics conducted by your government:  http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/guns.htm#findings  This is a sample of what you would find:  "Firearm-related crime has plummeted since 1993." "Nonfatal firearm crime rates have declined since 1994, reaching the lowest level ever recorded in 2002 and 2003."  "After 1994, the proportion of nonfatal violent incidents involving a firearm declined." "Incidents involving a firearm represented 7% of the 4.9 million violent crimes of rape and sexual assault, robbery, and aggravated and simple assault."  Now compare this trend of decline in firearm-related violence with the following ATF website, which lists new firearms manufactured for sale by domestic firearms manufacturers from 1998 to 2003 (the latest years available):  http://www.atf.treas.gov/firearms/stats/index.htm   From 98 to 2003, 19,185,247 new firearms were produced for consumer retail in the U.S. by domestic firearms manufacturers. Of these, 5,098,722 were handguns. I can't say how many were produced from 1993 to 1997, because the web page stats only went back to 1998. Yet, if you look at the year to year stats from 1998 to 2003, you will see a markedly similar number of firearms produced each year by categories of handgun, rifle, and shotgun, which strongly suggests the number of newly available firearms each year from 1993 to 1997 increased at near the same rate. [note: a very small percentage of these firearms were exported out of our market, but likewise this survey does not include the larger number of firearms imported to our market from abroad. Additionally, these statistics exclude NFA controlled firearms like the weapons which were produced for military/law enforcement and not civilian consumption)  When you set these two surveys side by side, what you see is this:  In the last ten year study, we had a marked decline in firearm violence during a period in which we added millions of new firearms to those available for criminal mischief--nearly 20 million new firearms alone from 1998 to 2003.   How then do we square the argument that more guns = more gun violence with these studies?
Lets see... Less likely chance of being eliminated, but more burglaries or less burglaries and people being harmed in general... I'll pick the latter! You do know the UK has higher crime rates than the US, right? We just have higher homocide rates.
Frankly I think banning guns outright in America may not work. The culture of violence is too strong.  This statement implies that there is a gun control success story out there somewhere. If there is, I haven't seen it.  If you look at the UK, it's violent crime levels were lower before Britain adopted gun control. As it has grown tighter, crime has in fact increased.  I'm not going to say that one led to the other, but please don't claim that gun control has made the UK safer.  But if it can be slowly reduced, there are straightforward advantages.  What, helpless victims? Governments free to starve their citizens to death at will?  In countries where burglars don't believe they will be shot are less likely to eliminate the houseowner or carry the means to do so.  When someone says something like that, one would expect facts to back them up. In fact they do the opposite.  A British household is far more likely to be targeted for break-in while the occupants are home than the US. In fact, most burglars in the US flee when they realize someone is home - and they very rarely stick around for a shootout of the homeowner is armed.  Criminals are cowards, pure and simple, that's why they strike at night.   Also, while we have police marksmen in Britain they are specially deployed and strictly controlled, unlike the problems highlighted on where 1/3 people shot in a certain area were unarmed.  What does this have to do with gun control?  There were also 800 fatal accidental shootings in 1998 http://www.enotes.com/guns-crime/  Which means what...?  If we ban swimming pools we will save far more lives. People die of lots of things and with 300 million Americans, you can get a big, scary number on almost any topic if you try hard enough.  People do a lot of stupid things and when they do, death often results.  What I find interesting is that guns are getting safer every year, in fact the number of fatal firearms accidents is reaching all-time lows.  Yet the number of guns out there is at a record high. How do you square the two?
Personally, I have no problem with the criminal being possibly shot and killed by either the homeowner or the police. Mine showing us where you got your numbers from? Also, feel free to display crime rates (not just guns) as well. You'll find that while we have higher homocide rates, all incidents of robbery, assault, rape, etc. are less likely in the US. Also, a survey of prison inmates by the DoJ found that an overwhelming percent of inmates were less likely to break into a home if they thought the owner had a gun.  Yes. It is true. This truth is evidenced in part by the FACT that Kennesaw, Georgia USA has a lower crime rate than the rest of the country. In Kennesaw, the law is that every home must have a working firearm. Criminals evidently know this.
What do you mean by 'adopted gun control'? We've had gun control for ages, its just been tighetened up a bit.  Not quite. The UK and the US has very similar gun laws a century ago. The UK has only in the last 20 years attempted to ban almost all civilian firearms.  If gun control works, one would expect those to be the most peaceful, low-crime decades, right?  However, one finds that the opposite is true: As gun control was imposed, crime continued to rise.  One cannot necessarily argue that gun control caused the rise in crime, but one can assert that it failed to stop it.  Are you saying that the only reason the government doesn't starve people to death is that people will shoot local officials? Or the President? I don't get what point is being made here.  No, it is not the "only reason," but it does make it a lot easier.  Access to arms is what differentiates citizens from subjects. It is interesting to note that in the US, the ability to own guns and full citizenship rights have paralleled each other.  Blacks were not really full citizens until they could own guns - and it was their ownership of guns that helped reinforce the need to redress the wrongs inflicted on them.  In the face of a terroristic attacks and a racist and unresponsive police force, it was armed black Americans who policed and protected themselves.  My point was that if the householder is likely to be armed then the burgalar is also more likelly to carry and use a firearm. NOt that they are more likely to break in.  It's a fascinating theory, but it doesn't work for several reasons.  The first is that a criminal with a gun is equal to  a citizen with a gun. Criminals hate equality. The last thing they want is to engage in a shootout, which is why most criminals flee when confronted with a gun (and "most" in this case means in excess of 95 percent of the time).  In a gunless society, by contrast, a criminal with a gun gains superiority. He need not care if the victims are home or not because he has a gun and they don't.  Again, this is probably why British homes are more likely to be attacked when someone is home than American ones.  Furthermore, your argument is predicated on the assumption that because law-abiding citizens have easy access to firearms in the US, criminals do as well.  Yet evidence shows this is not the case. Operation Falcon  netted more than 10,000 felons, many of them wanted for violent crimes. Despite the fact that these were in many ways the elite, the hard core of the criminal world, only 243 firearms were recovered.  Think about that for a second. You have a huge cross section of the criminal world - exactly the people who would find guns most useful, yet they were outgunned by private citizens by around 25 to 1.  That is half of Americans own guns, but only 1 in 25 criminals do.  Now if you disarm law-abiding Americans, the ration shifts to equality - a situation that therefore favors the criminal.  the reason our police don't carry guns and use them so much is because the criminals don't carry guns, because they're illegal and because they don't need them to fight against citizens with guns.  The UK has aways been less violent than the US, even when both countries has the same gun laws.  What is interesting is that the UK is getting more violent and more of its police are carry guns. Do you dispute this?  If you get yourself drowned its your problem.  What about if you drown someone else?   Not so if you shoot someone. People do stupid things and so shouldn't have guns if they can't use them responsibly.  Right, so you want to punish millions for the actions of the very very few. How utterly unreasonable.  The fact that guns are getting safer doesn't mean they're not dangerous.  Lots of things are dangerous. Knives are dangerous, too. So are hammers, power tools and even swimming pools.  That is why one must use reason and a sense of proportion in evaluation how to deal with certain problems.  Gun accidents are, statistically speaking, a non-issue. Most involve guns that were handled in an inappropriate way. That is no reason to deprive millions of people of their possessions.  Furthermore, guns prevent hundreds of thousands if not millions of crimes.  If you want to crunch numbers, you will find few items with a stronger cost-benefit ration in their favor.   Modern cars may pollute less, but that doesn't mean cutting the amount of cars wouldn't help too.  Unless it's your car that someone else wants to take away.
Overally crime has fallen in recent years, and as we started restricting guns before they were often used in crime (100 years ago, they were less reliable and more expensive) its not all that comparable.  Really? If crime is so much lower, why are more cops carrying guns and why are cameras sprouting up all over the UK?  I don't think that the UK today needs vigilantiasm to protect itself or that the government will starve the people. But maybe the US has bigger problems with such things. And obviously if citizens can own guns and it has symbolic meaning in America (as Homer Simpson says, without it the King of England can come and boss you around), then it will be co0nnected to citizenship.  The right to self-defense has nothing to do with vigilantism - unless you think the state is supposed to intervene in every shove, bar fight and other inconvenience you may experience.  But the equality of two unarmed people tends to lead to no death, unlike the probability of two armed people.   You make a lot of assumptions there, none of them backed up by any evidence.  For example, do rapists need to kill their victims to succeed? That seems to be your implication. For me (and I think most people) I would rather that my wife, daughters and female friends shot and killed an attacker than that they be raped.  And the fact they found no guns didn't mean they weren't there.   What, all 10,000 hid them so cleverly that it was beyond the ability of state, local and federal law enforcement officers to find them? Please.  And criminals in Britain rarely carry guns, particularly burglars.  From what I read in the press, though, the number of armed criminals is growing, not falling. Particularly in demand are replica pistols and "reactivated" ones.  But it is true that in the UK criminals don't need to have a firearm since all their victims are disarmed and therefore at their mercy. An iron bar will do just as well and I have seen no evidence that British thugs are particularly sqeamish about using violence to accomplish their ends.  Violent crime is rising for various social reasons. The guns of police are still much more controlled than the US.  I suggest you deal with the social reasons then and leave guns alone.  Possible, but usually you swim in a pool, while usually you don't shoot guns at yourself but other people/things.  So people who accidentally kill themselves in a pool's lives are worth less?  And once again, you are arguing minute numbers. For every life taken in a gun accident, hundreds of crimes are stopped. Even the most conservative numbers you can find shows a ratio of 80 to 1.  No, it was a reaction to 'people do stupid things' in the previous post. I was puzzled by this being said by someone wanting to give said people weaponry.  Indeed, and I see no need to protect people from themselves because it can't be done.  You cannot require people to put away all the sharp pointed things in their house, rubberize their bath tub or accident-proof their car.  You want to deal with a social problem by blaming an object. It doesn't work.  But true to form, the UK is trying knife control because banning guns didn't make crime go away.  None of those things are as dangerous as guns. Stabbing people to death is possible but a lot more psychologically difficult than pulling a trigger. Could teenagers slaughter dozens of pupils and teachers with a knife?  It has happened.  More to the point, 30 years ago it was legal in the US to buy an M-1 Garand through the mail without proof of age. Many schools had rifle clubs and kids openly brought guns to school to show and trade.  Amazingly, school shootings were unknown.  In fact, of all the school shootings in the US, none of them were perpetrated by kids who actually owned their own guns and passed a firearms safety class - all of them were stolen or appropriated in some way.  Banning or controlling guns merely turns them into desireable objects of forbidden power. The way you deal with sick kids is to treat them, not try to reorder society as a mental institution.  The fact guns were handled in an 'inappropriate' way is implied by the fact that they accidentally kill someone. It doesn't justify it.  Any object that is misused can kill, and many objects kill more people and more easily than guns.  Guns require safe handling, but it is remarkably simple to avoid accidents. Treat every gun as if it was loaded, point it in a safe direction and keep your figure off the trigger until you are ready to shoot.  There, you just prevented almost all firearms related accidents.  I will point out that if you are around someone who doesn't know how to handle a gun you are STUPID and deserve what you get.  I have watched newbies pick up a gun and point it in the wrong place. The response from seasoned shooters is immediate and forceful.  So yes, people who get hit often deserve what they get, just as people who clown around in and around swimming pools can expect to die.  If guns caused accidents and death simply by their mere presence, the two most dangerous places in the world would be shooting clubs and gun shows. Funny, they are among the safest places out there.  Prove that guns prevent that many crimes.  http://www.guncite.com/gun_control_gcdguse.html  I don't have a car. I might have to get one, because the public transport system is underfunded because of the assumption people use cars. If we raised taxes on cars, lessened the numbers and spent more on public transport it would be far more efficient in terms of money and environment.  Once again you miss the point: No one should be deprived of rights because of the actions of a very small criminal minority.  Speech can be used to incite hatred and death, in fact there's a pretty solid track record of hateful speech killing lots of people in Europe in particular.  Does this mean we should embrace state control over everything written, broadcast or spoken?
 You take responsibility for your own actions. Murder is illegal, suicide isn't. That's the way society has to operate.  So eighty thefts are stopped but one person accidentally blows someone's head off? Is that worth it. Then you add non-fatal gun accidents, murders and suicides made possible or far easier by guns....   More are killed in accidental drownings than accidental firearms deaths.
Obvious Child & Voiceofreason  Lets take a step back from this never-ending back-and-forth banter for a second and re-evaluate our positions.  Do you claim that gun control, as implemented by the UK, actively reduces the homicide rate?  Do you claim that more firearms, or more lax firearm control, such as exercised by the USA, actively increases the homicide rate?  Without a clear position, and clear points being made to support it, no-one gets anywhere. Take a step back, outline your position, outline the facts you have that support it, and outline why you have taken this position.  Please. It makes forum life so much easier for the rest of us.
That's pretty much what I've been trying to drive home. Despite the US having more guns than ever, accidents, violent crime, murder - all of these things are going down.  It isn't the guns that cause crime.  There are a couple of things that caught my eye, though:  You said that black Americans 'policed and protected themselves' with guns. This is vigilantiasm, particularly the POLICED part,  There was a poor choice of words on my part. Blacks didn't "police" themselves in the sense of develop their own code, enforce it and so forth. They simply acted to protect themselves from extralegal violence - lynchings and intimidation.  When confronted with racists willing to kill, guns are the only way to survive. One of the little-told stories about how and why civil rights succeeded in the US was because the victims were armed and could fight back.  When Malcolm X asserted that it was a choice between the ballot or the bullet, he was right. That is why I don't agree with the argument that the police make guns unnecessary: Sometimes you need guns to protect yourself from them.  I've now looked at the site, and considering there are over 600 armed robber suspects in the group, I suspect the gun number reflects either getting the wrong people or only seizing illegal guns. Otherwise it just seems massively unrealistic.  An amusing choice of words. Are you saying the federal government is too stupid to find the guns, or that they're lying?  Or are you simply choosing to disbelieve a fact that doesn't fit with your preconceptions?  So eighty thefts are stopped but one person accidentally blows someone's head off? Is that worth it.  Where do you get that they are thefts? Once again, you refuse to confront the facts.  Some of those crimes may well be murders and rapes.  When you take away guns, you disarm victims at a far greater rate than you disarm criminals. It's elemental logic.  100 percent of law-abiding citizens will hand in their guns if you ban them. That is why we can them "law-abiding."  You may make it harder for criminals to get guns, but a far lower percentage will be affected.   Furthermore, you guarentee that criminals will gain an advantage: The ones with guns now have a monopoly, making guns something highly sought after since even the cops don't have them. That's why replica guns are the going thing.  But you also make clubs, knives and bare hands more effective since old, frail or weak people can't protect themselves.  The violent crime rate in the UK is already higher than that in the US. You're more likely to be mugged in London than New York.  Now you can counter that you're less likely to be murdered, but even that isn't strictly true. Murders aren't equally distributed across the US. In fact, if you discount the urban nightmare, the US is actually safer than most of the world in terms of murder rate and violent crime.   Then you add non-fatal gun accidents, murders and suicides made possible or far easier by guns....  Hold on there. You can't blame suicides on gun availability. Other countries with far less gun ownership have far higher suicide rates. People will kill themselves with whatever is handy.   Same with accidents. Anyone stupid enough to play with a loaded gun is probably stupid enough to play with a downed power line. You can't ban stupidity.  Innocents bystanders killed by gun accidents are so rare as to be statistically insignificant.  Yes, every death is a tragedy, but more children are drowned in buckets  than killed by guns in the US.  When you advocate a policy, you can't just rely on emotionalism.  But guns kill others, and are designed to do so. They are a needless extra risk to your family and strangers as well as yourself.  So are knives, electricity and medical science.  Yes, doctors kill more people than guns. Quite a bit more, actually.  when have killings of such a scale happened before? people who would never dare to attack someone with a knife where they could lose are libreated by a gun to kill. And the fact, if its a fact, that such crimes were non-existent when there was more gun availability is little reason to ignore the fact that NOW guns facilitate such action. I don't know if your 'who own their own gun' thing is true, but if so then they must have gained them from more 'responsible' members of society. If guns are so prevalent it makes them easy to get hold of. I would have no idea of how to get a gun if I wanted one here in the UK. I could get any drug under the sun, but no gun.  The problem is that you are blaming the object for failings on the part of parents and schools.  If you look at the school shootings in the US, all of them were preventable. All of them should have been stopped well before they happened. These kids did everything but spray paint the date and time of their rampage on the side of the building - and in some cases they came damn close to doing that much.  Nothing will stop that. If you disarm citizens, they'll steal the guns from cops, as they did in Minnesota.  Blaming guns allows the real criminals to walk away and pretend the problem is solved. It isn't.  It's also worth mentioning that several of those shootings were stopped by private citizens using their own guns or kids who knew enough about guns to tackle the shooter when he had to reload.  One final thing: I used to buy into gun control. The problem is that it doesn't work, has never worked and will never work.  In my home state we passed a shall-issue concealed carry law making it easier for people to carry concealed handguns. What do you think happened?  Violent crime went down. Shocking.  Maybe the law didn't do it. Maybe 100,000 more people carrying guns in their pockets didn't deter criminals or stop crime.  But they didn't make it worse, which is what all the gun control people were swearing would happen.  So when you frame your policy position, please explain that this inconsistency - and why concealed pistol license holders are some of the least violent people in society.
If you ban guns crime rates will not decrease. In fact crime rates will probably increase because the criminals will still use guns. Really they don't need guns., Many things will work slingshots, potato guns, throwing knives, blowguns,or air soft guns work. So do paintball guns. That me two sents. emoticon_xchicken
 If that's true then you could reasonably ask if the violent crime and murder would have fallen faster without guns.   do you have any idea how little violent crime involves guns? less than 10%. the US has violance problems, how about trying to controle the violance, not the tools.
on this topic, I think pretty much if you want to hurt/kill someone with no regard as to whether you get away with it or not, unfortunately you can probably do it. Possible exceptions are people like the President, with so much security. banning guns will not help, as they will either get them illegally, or use another tool such as a knife or even a car. Running someone over could do just as much as a gun.  The one problem I see is spontaneous anger. Someone erupts in a fit of rage, has a temporary lapse of judgement, and kills someone. But in my opinion that's not enough to ban it, especially since we shouldn't punish people who wouldn't do that simply because some people may lose their temper. We punish people for committing crimes, not for having a chance to commit a crime.
They are protecting and helping us.  are you still under the delusion that the goverment has a responsibility to protect you?  Afterall, people leave the state of nature and enter a civilized society because they recognize that the government can better protect their rights than they can. there is no way for me to enter the "state of nature", there are no livable places with out goverments. the only place that comes to mind is antarctica that is not clamed by one country or anouther.  do you think Bush is protecting your rights??
But most murders are committed with guns. So if you think it's important to reduce the murder rate, I don't think that guns can be ignored.   Got some proof? Last time I checked murder rates were higher in places where guns were banned. Seems as if the murderers didn't seem to have a problem violating the gun control laws. But that could have changed. I haven't checked in over a week.    Well, that seems to be a very subjective understanding of punishment. If gun control laws decrease our chances of being murdered then I don't think these laws are punishing us. They are protecting and helping us. Afterall, people leave the state of nature and enter a civilized society because they recognize that the government can better protect their rights than they can.  But how is that a right? The right not to be murdered? This is restricting our rights in the name of security. This is sometimes necessary, but most normal guns make places safer if you look at statistics.
  Obviously, if somebody murders me then they are violating my right to life. And like the Declaration of Independence says governments are establised to protect that right among others. So if the government has to pass more gun control laws to protect this right then I think these laws are justified.  Isn't that circular logic? Gun control laws do not deprive gun ownership for those who do not follow laws. Your premise lacks reality in that it disarms only law abiding potential victims.
Well, the US has a very high homicide rate compared to other developed nations. I'm not sure what places you are referring to.   Probably the best example is S Africa where posession of a fire arm can net you the death penalty, yet they have the highest murder rate of any developed nation.  America ha smore violent crime in general, it is not just limited to murder. America is simply a violent place.   It's called the right to life. Natural rights philosophers and Jefferson in the Declaration of Independence identified the right to life as a basic fundamental right. "that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. - That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed,"  Obviously, if somebody murders me then they are violating my right to life. And like the Declaration of Independence says governments are establised to protect that right among others. So if the government has to pass more gun control laws to protect this right then I think these laws are justified.  Are you really foolish enough to believe that anti gun legislation is going to disarm those who wish to use weapons for criminal purposes? Do you really think that somebody intent on commiting murder is going to stop for one minute and consider the legality of the instrument they choose to commit that murder? Get a clue.   A criminal is, by definition, somebody who does not obey the law. You cannot legislate crime away because criminals are not going to obey the law anyway.  Your argument is wholly illogical.
More violent? Mmmm.... Seems that I have heard quite a number of pro-gun advocates tell me that the UK has a higher violent crime rate or similiar to the US.   And??? The US has more violent crime than most modern, western nations.    So why do places such as the UK and the Australia have such low levels of gun crime compared to the US? If criminals can easily obtain guns in these nations because anti gun legislation has no effect then why don't they use guns to commit crimes very often?  Because criminals there are comfortable with the idea of a disarmed society. they do not feel they need the guns, they can strong arm people or use knives as effectively.
I've posted this before, but since it seems to fit the current topic on this thread I'll chime in again on it.  In my opinion, there are fundamental problems with cross-national/cultural comparisons of firearm homicide rates. I believe you really are talking about apples and oranges when we try to do this. You can't compare the Netherlands or England, for example, with the United States and draw any logical conclusions without considering the vast difference in social and economic issues which drive the violence rates. The same problem arises when those on my side of the debate try to compare America with Switzerland, which has an extraordinarily high percentage of private gun owners while enjoying an extraordinarily low violent crime rate. You can't compare these nation's crime rates with America's because the social and economic issues which drive violent crime in these countries are different. If you compare violent crime statistics from these nations, you will see that America has a much higher violent crime rate then these other nations, whether a firearm is involved or not.   We do not have a gun violence problem in America, we have a violence problem in general, and the presence of the weapon does not give rise to the motive to use it for criminal ends. There are no evil little voices calling from the gun cabinet to plague American homeowners. England and the Netherlands have not avoided these sinister voices advocating gun violence with a ban on guns. The people of Switzerland are not collectively so hard of hearing that they have proven immune to the subliminal demands of their guns to be loaded and unleashed on the innocent.  I have seen people on my side of the debate argue that if a crime rate drops after a state passes a CCW statute then the deterrent effect of armed citizens must be responsible for the drop. Listen, I am as strong a supporter of the individual RKBA as there is, but I cannot find sufficient evidence to prove that crime rates go down just because we pass a CCW bill. It's the same problem gun control proponents have: we all want to believe what we want to believe, and we are prepared to claim that a statistical correlation equals cause and effect when it suits our purpose.   What I do know, however, is that the overall violent crime rate in America is not tied to the number of privately available firearms. More guns does not equal more violence.   Here is why I say this:  First see the latest 10 year survey of firearm violence statistics conducted by your government:  http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/guns.htm#findings  This is a sample of what you would find:  "Firearm-related crime has plummeted since 1993." "Nonfatal firearm crime rates have declined since 1994, reaching the lowest level ever recorded in 2002 and 2003."  "After 1994, the proportion of nonfatal violent incidents involving a firearm declined." "Incidents involving a firearm represented 7% of the 4.9 million violent crimes of rape and sexual assault, robbery, and aggravated and simple assault."  Now compare this trend of decline in firearm-related violence with the following ATF website, which lists new firearms manufactured for sale by domestic firearms manufacturers from 1998 to 2003 (the latest years available):  http://www.atf.treas.gov/firearms/stats/index.htm   From 98 to 2003, 19,185,247 new firearms were produced for consumer retail in the U.S. by domestic firearms manufacturers. Of these, 5,098,722 were handguns. I can't say how many were produced from 1993 to 1997, because the web page stats only went back to 1998. Yet, if you look at the year to year stats from 1998 to 2003, you will see a markedly similar number of firearms produced each year by categories of handgun, rifle, and shotgun, which strongly suggests the number of newly available firearms each year from 1993 to 1997 increased at near the same rate. [note: a very small percentage of these firearms were exported out of our market, but likewise this survey does not include the larger number of firearms imported to our market from abroad. Additionally, these statistics exclude NFA controlled firearms like the weapons which were produced for military/law enforcement and not civilian consumption)  When you set these two surveys side by side, what you see is this:  In the last ten year study, we had a marked decline in firearm violence during a period in which we added millions of new firearms to those available for criminal mischief--nearly 20 million new firearms alone from 1998 to 2003. I cannot say that millions more guns in the civilian marketplace is the cause of this crime rate drop. (in fact, I have another theory for the crime rate drop). What I can say, however, is that adding millions of new firearms to our civilian market did not cause the streets to run red.  ---  "The right of self-defense is the first law of nature; in most governments it has been the study of rulers to confine this right within the narrowest possible limits...and [when] the right of the people to keep and bear arms is, under any color or pretext whatsoever, prohibited, liberty, if not already annihilated, is on the brink of destruction." Sir George Tucker, Judge of the Virginia Supreme Court and U.S. District Court of Virginia, in I Blackstone COMMENTARIES, Sir George Tucker Ed., 1803, pg. 300.  "As civil rulers, not having their duty to the people duly before them, may attempt to tyrannize, and as the military forces which must be occasionally raised to defend our country, might pervert their power to the injury of their fellow citizens, the people are confirmed by the [second] article in their right to keep and bear private arms." Tench Coxe, Remarks on the First Part of the Amendments to the Federal Constitution. Published under the pseudonym, "A Pennsylvanian" in the Philadelphia Federal Gazette, June 18, 1789 at 2 Col. 1.
So why do places such as the UK and the Australia have such low levels of gun crime compared to the US? If criminals can easily obtain guns in these nations because anti gun legislation has no effect then why don't they use guns to commit crimes very often?  Gun crime is an irrelevat statistic. A gas station attendant doesn't care if he is held up by someone with a knife, a gun, or a bloodfilled syringe. A murder victim doesn't care if they were stabbed, bashed, or shot.  Here in Australia, we tightened our firearms laws in 1996 as a response to a shooting spree. In 1997, the rate of armed robbery doubled. Yes, doubled. Assault, serious violent crimes, homicide and armed robbery are all at higher rates today than they were in 1995-1996. But at least the criminals aren't using guns, right?
Isn't that circular logic? Gun control laws do not deprive gun ownership for those who do not follow laws. Your premise lacks reality in that it disarms only law abiding potential victims.  I agree to an extent, however if you can stop guns being imported or manufactured illegally, the criminals will not have any guns. In countries such as Britain where guns are banned the police are generally not doing enough to stop illegally obtained weapons.   Which is why the ban is a bit of a poor compromise, they've banned guns for law abiding people but they've not done enough to make sure criminals don't have them.  Basically, gun bans don't work because the police haven't done enough, therefore the ban increases crime rates.  While removing the ban is one solution, another is to increase the police's efforts to crack down on guns.   Of course I'm not saying it's a perfect solution, there are various problems with it just don't judge the ban when it's not properly enforced.
See, this is great stuff. Solid, well-thought-out arguments of a gun control supporter's view from Galileo. Who says gun control supporters don't have the spine to engage in reasonable debates on this cite which is dominated by pro-gun supporters? Bravo. This deserves a response, and I'm sorry it has taken me so long to get back to the blog.  I've seen the study you cite comparing England's crime rate with America's. I believe the reason why England was compared with America was because England was a European aberration which caught up with America in some crime statistics, most notably the per capita robbery rate. The other industrialized countries do not share the across the board violent crime rate we do. The survey you cited was performed in 1998 using statistics which ended in 1996, which ended a period in which England saw a dramatic increase in certain crimes (particularly robbery) that caught it up to American crime rates.   This study has been cited by gun proponents before as support for the tempting cross-national assumption that: "England severely restricts gun possession and sees a rise in robbery rates that now exceeds armed America." But I think there are too many problems with the survey methods for my gun supporting brethren to argue anything concrete, and certainly not enough to suggest cause and effect exists from a supposed correlation.   One significant fact to note from this survey is that our per capita murder rate is approximately 8 times higher than England's. Now firearms are used in American homicides about 68% of the time according to the survey, and that sounds right because the firearm murder rate (as a percentage of total homicides) has steadily hovered in the middle to upper 60% range. Yet if you remove every single American firearm related murder from this survey (and assume that no homicide occurs due to the lack of the firearm) you still have a murder rate nearly three times that of England's. But again, I think all comparisons are suspect for the reasons below...   There is a more comprehensive survey of crime rates from 1981 to 1999, which was performed in 2004: http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/abstract/cnscj.htm. One of the issues it addresses is the difficulty of cross-national comparisons of crime rates. For example, there is no uniform definition of certain crimes in other countries, and other statistical references like victim surveys of weapons used are not uniform and vary widely in reporting methods depending on the country. In the end, I find cross national comparisons (whether cited for or against gun possession) to be suspect.   In America, the increased population dilution effect theory you cite is interesting, and arguably between the 1990 and 2000 census you see a population growth of approximately 37 million compared to approximately 20 million new firearms produced. Yet I don't think it tracks crime statistics very well. For example, see the survey released in 2000 for firearm injury and death from crime, (from years 1993 to 1997) which can be found here: http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/abstract/fidc9397.htm. Even with the steady rise in both population and available firearms, the total number (not per capita) of reported gunshot wounds from crimes fell 39% during this period. To state it otherwise, during a period in which we put millions of new firearms into the market to be purchased by an ever-increasing population, we see that the total number of crime-generated gunshot wounds drop by nearly 40%.   See also the survey of the types of weapons used in violent crimes from 1993 to 2001: http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/abstract/wuvc01.htm.   For the total number (not per capita) of non-fatal violent offenses, those involving use of a firearm fell 63% during this period. I don't think we can say that the percentage of population growth during this period outpaced the percentage of newly produced firearms by 63%. And the rates of firearm-use for non-fatal violent crime remain low: For the total number (not per capita) of violent assaults/rapes/robberies that were reported during the entire survey, the percentage of those committed by a firearm wielding assailant was 8.3% for handguns and 1.2% for other firearms. By contrast, about twice that number, (16.4%), were committed by an assailant with a weapon other than a firearm, while the vast majority of these crimes, (65.9%), were committed by an unarmed assailant. (assuming, again, that victim reporting of the types of weapons used is accurate enough to be relied upon). Where firearms continue to lead the pack, however, is in the percentage of total homicides.   I just don't think we can make any assumption that more guns = more gun crime. Likewise, I don't think we can make the deterrent argument that more guns = lower violent crime rates based upon these studies. What I can argue is that it appears the vast majority of violent crime is committed by assailants who are either unarmed or armed with a weapon other than a firearm. Common sense tells us that when such a person is confronted by a victim armed with a firearm it is the assailant who is placed at a disadvantage.   ---  "False is the idea of utility that sacrifices a thousand real advantages for one imaginary or trifling inconvenience; that would take fire from men because it burns, and water because one may drown in it; that has no remedy for evils, except destruction. The laws that forbid the carrying of arms are laws of such a nature. They disarm only those who are neither inclined nor determined to commit crimes. Can it be supposed that those who have the courage to violate the most sacred laws of humanity, the most important of the code, will respect the less important and arbitrary ones, which can be violated with ease and impunity, and which, if strictly obeyed, would put and end to personal liberty--so dear to men, so dear to the enlightened legislator--and subject innocent persons to all the vexations that the guilty alone ought to suffer? Such laws make things worse for the assaulted and better for the assailants; they serve rather to encourage than to prevent homicides, for an unarmed man may be attacked with greater confidence than an armed man. They ought to be designated as laws not preventative but fearful of crimes, produced by the tumultuous impression of a few isolated facts, and not by thoughtful consideration of the inconveniences and advantages of a universal decree." Thomas Jefferson, Commonplace Book, 1774-1776, quoting 18th century criminologist Cesare Beccaria in On Crimes and Punishment, 1764
Yes, I think you should be able to buy a firearm. I would go one step further and say that since you are not a violent felon, and you (I am guessing) have not committed any more felonies, that one should be expunged from your record, and should have been long ago.  agreed and in fact there are procedures in most states where you could request the restoration of your rights.
Destroy about 100 million more and they might make a dent in the price. A makarov will run you abtou $25 anywhere in the world. Under $100 in the us, or roughly $120 AUD despite their idiotic bans there. I don't know about in England. The only illicit weapon I have ever seen priced in England was a P228 (sig) and it was $250 (USD), which is still a couple hundred cheaper than a new one in the states.   You can't put the genie back in the bottle. That being the case, guns make for a more civilized world.
We in Hell believe guns should be openly accepted on all parts of the Earth.  Only then can we:  emoticon_xkill KILL emoticon_xkill  emoticon_xkill MAIM emoticon_xkill  emoticon_xkill ELEMINATE emoticon_xkill  emoticon_xkill ANNHILATE emoticon_xkill  emoticon_xkill DESECRATE emoticon_xkill
*hunt* *protect* *bring justice* *provide*  yes I want to own a gun.....
We in Hell believe guns should be openly accepted on all parts of the Earth.  Only then can we:  emoticon_xkill KILL emoticon_xkill  emoticon_xkill MAIM emoticon_xkill  emoticon_xkill ELEMINATE emoticon_xkill  emoticon_xkill ANNHILATE emoticon_xkill  emoticon_xkill DESECRATE emoticon_xkill  Don't forget:  1) Have fun by punching holes in paper and never hurting a fly. Well maybe I'm killing some bacteria that is on the paper and in the gun barrel.  2) Teach children to manage awesome responsibilities.  3) Rape prevention.  4) Law enforcement.  5) Varmit control.  6) Wildlife management.  I do 1-6. I don't do anything you just listed.
No you bindering tardarfoot!   Onces your eyes have met that of a demons, that demon controls you. Theres no physical combat involved. We also have a few demons that look like humans. These demons will engineer themselves to become major TV stars, and soon the world will be ours!  Of course a gergerain hastercoff like you would never appreciate the true genius of our plan!
Why don't have guns? Don't they decrease victum problems due to criminal fear? I read a study on that a while ago.
Quit using movie stars. After Kerry lost, a lot of them got a bad rap and are generally annoying. You're better off corrupting politicians, like that would be hard anyway.  You yargeneon hartfoddered triagamorth!   Its not about who has more influence, its about who people see on TV more. Once our human looking demons turn into TV stars, millions of people will see them, and thus be put under their control.
need i point out how incredibly stupid you just made yourself look, devils_advocate? even as a joke, this is pretty pathetic.
What purpose does it serve for anyone who is not in law enforcement to have or own a gun. If you are being threatened or are going to get assulted, your first thought is not going to be "Hold on let me get my gun..." it would be (at least for me) to get the hell out of where you are. Also, how many times every year, does a child pick up a loaded gun and accidentally shoot themselves or someone else? Now, I understand that parents shouldn't leave the guns where the child can find them, but parents don't have 24 hour supervision on their children and if a little kid goes snooping and finds it, it's a tragedy waiting to happen. It is the law enforcement's job to own the guns and protect the citizens of the country and not our job. I see it as pointless and of no use for the general public to own a gun(s).  I think that is a pretty unrealistic view of reality as you see it. I myself, will pull out my gun to prevent being assaulted or attacked. My child will never find a loaded gun that he can shoot himself or anyone else with...as they all have locks on them, or are locked away when not on my person, and never kept loaded when not in my direct possession. Law enforcement can prevent some crime through the use of security, and sometimes through lucky timing, stop a crime already in progress, but all too often in this country, law enforcement shows up just in time to write a report about the crime that already took place, or trace an outline on the ground of the body that is already dead. The citizens of this country were granted the right to bear arms for one purpose and one purpose only, to keep the government in check. The rest is incidental, but the value is definately there.
And does anyone else find it funny that the "devils right hand man" cannot spell the words annihilate or eliminate? I bet even W can spell those 2 words! ;)
Also, how many times every year, does a child pick up a loaded gun and accidentally shoot themselves or someone else?  I'll see if I can find the exact number, but I beleive it is surprisingly few. (Under 1000)  Edit: I'm finding it difficult to find the number of children that die annually from self inflicted gunshot wounds. Most of the numbers I have found include "teens" who are more likely to be shooting each other in gangs etc. Any help?
I'll see if I can find the exact number, but I beleive it is surprisingly few. (Under 1000)  Edit: I'm finding it difficult to find the number of children that die annually from self inflicted gunshot wounds. Most of the numbers I have found include "teens" who are more likely to be shooting each other in gangs etc. Any help?  2.75 per 100,000 over a ten-year period. On an annual basis, the number would be so tiny it would be a meaningless calculation.   ~And regarding the inevitable but-what-about-the-children cry, Lott points out that the number of children killed in accidental shootings is smaller than the number of children killed through bicycle accidents, drowning or fires. Children are also 14.5 times more likely to die in a car accident than through accidental shootings. We aren't, however, likely to ban bicycles, pools or cars.~  From: John R. Lott Jr. Teaches criminal deterrence and law and economics at the University of Chicago Law School and is a former chief economist at the United States Sentencing Commission, author of "More Guns, Less Crime".
What purpose does it serve for anyone who is not in law enforcement to have or own a gun. If you are being threatened or are going to get assulted, your first thought is not going to be "Hold on let me get my gun..." it would be (at least for me) to get the hell out of where you are. Also, how many times every year, does a child pick up a loaded gun and accidentally shoot themselves or someone else? Now, I understand that parents shouldn't leave the guns where the child can find them, but parents don't have 24 hour supervision on their children and if a little kid goes snooping and finds it, it's a tragedy waiting to happen. It is the law enforcement's job to own the guns and protect the citizens of the country and not our job. I see it as pointless and of no use for the general public to own a gun(s).  My first reaction to trouble threating my body and my life is to run.  Ever hear of home invasion? Where do you run now?  Child tragedy? Thanks for the advise? I'll keep it in mind, but what I do in my home and how I raise my children is none of your business. If that is your justification to tell me what I can and can not do with my guns, I would say your a little Nazi. I never gave you authority to decide how my children are raised or how I do it in the privacy of my own home. That is not for you to decide and it is none of your business. **** off.  Police protection? Yea right. When I need police protection in my home, they will drive up in time to get the license plate number of the criminals as they drive of after having thier way with me and my family.
Police protection? Yea right. When I need police protection in my home, they will drive up in time to get the license plate number of the criminals as they drive of after having thier way with me and my family.  In most places I've ever lived, a lot, they won't get there that quickly. Those who rely on police protection are fools. But that's what the government wants, fools.
 It is the law enforcement's job to own the guns and protect the citizens of the country and not our job.  Not so. The police do not exist to protect/defend citizens.
I don't consider myself an expert on firearms, but I do own them. Likewise, I do not consider myself an expert on crime/gun stats, but I have a lot of first hand knowledge of gun crime. I'll try to answer your questions, and I don't mind if you e-mail me. THe address is haskman@earthlink.net. Please use a subject line, however, like "4forums gun survey" or something like that. I get a lot of spam that I delete if I can't tell what it is right away. It also may take a day or to to respond.
Everyone is welcome to give their opinion on public gun possession here-whether you're for or against gun control (or does gun possession justifies itself) and please state the reasons as well. I would really appreciate it if you guys could include some extra informations regarding this issue.  Mr Sculder, I would point out to you, gun or firearm possession, constitutionally does not have to be justified.
But just try and remove them from those that think we do and you will have a war on your hands. It's too bad we didn't become more like Canada is respect to gun ownership. A lot more people would be alive today and others not sitting in prison for crimes they commited.  Just how do you arrive at that conclusion?
A lot more people would be alive today and others not sitting in prison for crimes they commited.  Aww... The poor widdle babies. The evil gun just jumped into their hands and turned them into mindless killing machines.
But just try and remove them from those that think we do and you will have a war on your hands. It's too bad we didn't become more like Canada is respect to gun ownership. A lot more people would be alive today and others not sitting in prison for crimes they commited.  And the loss to society because people used guns instead of an alternate weapon is?
But just try and remove them from those that think we do and you will have a war on your hands. It's too bad we didn't become more like Canada is respect to gun ownership. A lot more people would be alive today and others not sitting in prison for crimes they commited.  Excuse me. I live on the Candian border (takes 45 min. to cross w/good traffic). I know many Canadians who did not register their guns and don't intend too. AND:Their crime rates , like those of Australia and England, has skyrocketed. ------------------ Also, I sincerely doubt their legal system is much different than ours. Illegal possession of a gun in my state is SUPPOSED to be a flat 7 year term. It is generally the first think in a plea bargain. Horrendous. If the person gets off on the plea, then they can't go after the gun charge (it was bargained away) I would rather see a felon (yes, illegal guns = felony) in jail than out, no matter what the other charges are. ------------------
I live in Canada, and crime rates have not skyrocketed where I live since gun control.   As for any increase in crime in other areas, to correlate gun registration to rising crime at least in Canada is very faulty. Canada does not have a strong tradition of homeowners wanting guns for homeprotection reasons? Most criminals in Canada when doing a B&E or stealing cars even 10+ years ago were/are not concerned about the person they are robbing is going to have a gun ready to protect themselves.  Did I miss something here?   Canadians never had a desire to have guns for self protection? I know many who did and currently still do. [It would be a sorry robber who met one of these men.] Hence, due to the lack of desire for self protection, your criminals never need to worry about crossing a homowner with a gun? Does this hold true for the entire country? I doubt it.  What do Canadians protect themselves with? Or do those you know just accept being robbed or broken into as "the natural order of things"? You must have excellent insurance for these things.  [BTW, you laws are so tight, my husband and his target pistol team stopped taking their .22 target pistols (low end value $750) across the border to have matches w/Canadians. And, the Canadians are afraid they won't be able to get theirs back over the boirder...hence, they have "postal matches" : shoot at home, mail the scores to the other team. The opinions of these men, whom I have known for YEARS, are highly different than yours. ]  Just for my curiosity, do you own a gun? Or have you ever even held/shot one?
To lord tammerlain:  I am also seriously worried about the movement of several US Customs Plaza to the Canadian side of the bridges. I have a niece who is a US Customs officer . She will not be allowed her US legal right: her gun, as she will cross onto Canadian soil. [I think her "protection" will be a billy club.] She is not happy over it and is thinking about asking for a transfer to where she will not be on Canadian soil.
There are some Canadians who have guns for home protection but it is not a common occurance. Canada in general has less crime then the US and most Canadians do not live in fear that someone is going to break into our house in the middle of the night ( B&E's in Calgary usually occur during the day when people are not home). Generally only farmers, and for the city the criminals are the only people who usually have guns for self defence.  Regarding the need for self protection, due to Canada's lower crime rate, and in general more relaxed attitude most are not that scared of being murder, mugged, robbed, etc. I live in a city of just under 1 million, and will walk through the most "dangerous" areas at any time of day or night, unarmed.   I do not own a gun but yes I have fired them. Were handguns a little easier to access I would buy a few? I have no problems with guns at all, I think they are fun penis enlarging toys. But for MOST people the idea of having a gun for self protection in the states or Canada is a fallacy. MOST people are not going to have the training, the state of mind to properly use a gun in that situation.  I think I get it: Farmers have guns for self defense. Well, I do live in the country (sadly encroached on by developers on the other side of town as of late) and my back lot neighbor is a farmer. Maybe that is part of my mentality...I still see the need to dispatch rabid animals, from a distance! (we are over a mile from the next house)  However, I disagree w/your other reasoning: -I sure as anything would not want to be walking around some of our cities at night at all, armed or not. I am not that foolish or ignorant. - For your statemnt (incredibly crude) that you find the handgun a  "fun p---s e-------g toy", you fail to realize there are many woman target shooters and rifle shooters who think that definition ludicrous. I am one of them. -Training in this state, even for hunting, is required and needs certification on ability to handle a gun correctly. Pistols are very stringently regulated for permits, moreso for carry permits. -When anyone takes a gun in hand, it should be with training. It also has to be with the understanding that, God forbid, you need to use it, you will use it. If you can't handle that last one, you truly NEVER should touch a gun.
you aren't entitled to all the rights of an adult/citizen. Isn't there a law that says you have to be 18 to vote etc...same stuff I guess
Constitutional rights don't fully apply until you are of a legal age. This is why your parents can tell you what you can/can't do and so on. Besides, you can legally own a firearm, just have your parents buy it for you as a gift. Nothing in federal law says there is an age limit on owning a rifle, just purchasing them from a licensed dealer. Juveniles can possess handguns as well by federal law, just under strict circumstances.
I am a person 15 years of age and I want my gun, yet I can't get one. Why not?  Actually, you can.  You can get a cap and ball revolver via mail order LEGALLY.
Full rights only come to full citizens. Your legal status is called an 'infant' and legally you are basically regarded as not able to make decisions in your best interest until age 18. You don't have the full right to own property, make contracts, vote, and express your opinion.   There are other non-full citizens. They are felons and the insane. It is pretty obvious why those two classes don't have rights and we can do what we want to them. In the same breath as a non-full citizen you don't get to choose what you want to do or what rights you get.   Comparing todays youth to insane felons, while technically correct, is not very PC
Let's give this person a gun folks. For that matter, give him a pack of cigs a case of beer and put him in a porn flick. That's the ticket. Where's the smileys? This is a joke, right?  My sons have owned their own guns since they were 11 years old. Of course I bought them, but I bought their shoes, too.  Maybe my mind ain't right on this one. emoticon_frazzled
Explain that one to the thread starter. He claims he is the victim of age discrimination when he states "I am a person 15 years of age and I want my gun, yet I can't get one. Why not?" I don't know. Maybe zachvac is a hardened criminal.  Are you zachvac?   Why can't you have a gun? Who told you such nonsense?
You don't need an FFL to transfer an out of state "antique" firearm. I believe it is also OK for a minor to purchase and own an antique firearm. In addition, I believe the NFA doesn't apply to antique firearms. (Am I correct on that last one?)  So, zachvac can mail order a double barreled shotgun, saw the barrels short, and attach a pistol grip, legally.
You don't need an FFL to transfer an out of state "antique" firearm. I believe it is also OK for a minor to purchase and own an antique firearm. In addition, I believe the NFA doesn't apply to antique firearms. (Am I correct on that last one?)  So, zachvac can mail order a double barreled shotgun, saw the barrels short, and attach a pistol grip, legally.  Yes and no. Most NON CARTRIGE black powder weapons are not regulated at all. You may do whatever you wish with them. The NFA does not apply.  An interesting side note, there is a local guy here who carries a black powder pistol (wheel gun) for protection since concealed carry is theoretically illegal in kansas (though you can get a permit if you know the right people :) ). He loads it with modern powder (smokeless), though. In kansas, this is not a problem. I do not know about other states,
An interesting side note, there is a local guy here who carries a black powder pistol (wheel gun) for protection since concealed carry is theoretically illegal in kansas (though you can get a permit if you know the right people :) ). He loads it with modern powder (smokeless), though. In kansas, this is not a problem. I do not know about other states,  I think in my state it is considered a deadly weapon still.
to CCR1994, I guess I should have put smilees in, I don't really want a gun. Basically I was saying how there were logical restrictions on Constitutional rights (but now I'm scared that a kid my age can legally own a gun) and background checks and such aren't that bad when getting a gun. Many people have claimed that because of the 5th ammendment we should be able to go into our local store and just grab a gun and take it home with no check.  Don't believe it, Zachvac:  "Any statement given freely and voluntarily without any compelling influences is, of course, admissible in evidence. . . . Volunteered statements of any kind are not barred by the Fifth Amendment." Miranda v. Arizona, 384 U.S. 436, 478 (1966)  The Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination prohibits your being compelled to give testimonial evidence against yourself. (Like the baseball players who were compelled by subpoena to appear and testify before Congress). The right has absolutely no application to firearms transaction forms. When you go purchase a gun no one forces you to fill out the forms. Oh, you can't walk out with the gun unless you do, but it is your choice whether to buy the gun or not. You can always refuse to fill out the forms and walk away without a gun. To argue otherwise would permit convicted felons to claim they have a right to use a fake ID to get around the background check (which is currently a felony offense punished by up to 10 years in VA), since using their real name would compel them to incriminate themselves. Thankfully, no court has yet succumbed to such illogic.  The right recognized in the Second Amendment is no more absolute that the "right of the people" in the 1st. and 4th. Amendments. None of these rights are absolute, and they are all subject to some rational limitation (like the ban on possession by convicted felons).
The argument I have heard the most regarding background checks has nothing to do with the 5th amendment. The argument is simply that if the second amendment is an individual right, requiring a permit to exercise that right should be illegal. Personally, I am inclined to agree for a couple of reasons. The first is that a rigth basically means "no permission required". If you must gain permission first, it is a privelage, not a right.  My second argument against background checks is the fact that we ahev had them for several years now, and there has not been one single study which suggests that they are doing any good. We spend hundreds of millions of dollars per year on the brady bill, for no observable effect.   That is just stupid.
The argument I have heard the most regarding background checks has nothing to do with the 5th amendment. The argument is simply that if the second amendment is an individual right, requiring a permit to exercise that right should be illegal. Personally, I am inclined to agree for a couple of reasons. The first is that a rigth basically means "no permission required". If you must gain permission first, it is a privelage, not a right.  My second argument against background checks is the fact that we ahev had them for several years now, and there has not been one single study which suggests that they are doing any good. We spend hundreds of millions of dollars per year on the brady bill, for no observable effect.   That is just stupid.  Emotion always produces government intervention because it happens to be politically viable. Brady in his wheelchair was a politician's windfall and they jumped on that bandwagon. Now we're saddled with hundreds of millions of dollars in background checks, plus personal fees for each check, that produce nothing tangible. Like every bureaucracy, it'll just keep expanding and suck up even more tax dollars. We're always very stupid when emotion enters the picture and triumphs over rationality.
Emotion always produces government intervention because it happens to be politically viable. Brady in his wheelchair was a politician's windfall and they jumped on that bandwagon. Now we're saddled with hundreds of millions of dollars in background checks, plus personal fees for each check, that produce nothing tangible. Like every bureaucracy, it'll just keep expanding and suck up even more tax dollars. We're always very stupid when emotion enters the picture and triumphs over rationality.  My goodness, we are in agreement.
I agree with what you said George. I just want to add that if the assassin had been using a real gun, not a cheap POS "Saturday Night Special", Brady wouldn't be around to cry his little heart out about gun control.
I am sorry, I didn't mean 5th, I meant the 2nd, the right to bear arms. Sorry for the confusion.  No problem, Zachvac. I have actually heard someone argue that a requirement of filling out a firearms transaction form forces convicted felons to incriminate themselves when they go buy a gun (by an attorney, no less, which once again proves that lack of intelligence is no bar to success in the profession).   I believe that the entire "collective right" theory is a sham. I believe that some of my gun control friends know in their hearts they are unable to debunk the overwhelming historical evidence which proves the Second Amendment was intended to recognize an individual right. I believe the reason why they are unwilling to admit that the right is individual is because they fear doing so will unleash a torrent of litigation that will abolish every law which regulates the possession of firearms. I want to again say that recognition of an individual RKBA will not have this doomsday effect. There are laws, like the ban on possession by felons, which will justly survive an individual right interpretation. I just wish I could get some of my more ardent (and unabashedly liberal) civil libertarian friends to give the Second Amendment a fair shake. They will rant and rave all day long about governmental abuse of other civil liberties. Yet, whenever the RKBA is mentioned, these staunch defenders of constitutional liberty will blanch and fall silent. Such conduct in my opinion reflects the triumph of the dictates of political correctness over reason.  Well, I for one do not believe that the Second Amendment should be treated like it is the red headed step child of the Constitution-that it must be kept locked up in the restrictive basement which some legislators reserve to bury rights they disagree with or for hiding those which they fear may frighten the more enlightened guest who visits us from overseas; where they know that another government's long deprivation of the RKBA has caused its more timid subjects to become accustomed to its absence. So, my gun control friends, I say the time has come. It's time to let her come out of the windowless basement you have sought to regulate her to and let her enjoy the sunlight we reserve for all our constitutional liberties. It's time to stop the Orwellian double-think you force yourselves to engage in when you seek to cut and paste the Second Amendment out of our body of liberties. It's time to recognize the reality that the right is individual and move on to discuss what restrictions should or would survive a constitutional challenge. In doing so you have nothing to fear but fear itself.  ------  "We are reduced to the alternative of choosing an unconditional submission to the tyranny of irritated ministers, or resistance by force. The latter is our choice. We have counted the cost of this contest, and find nothing so dreadful as voluntary slavery. Honor, justice, and humanity, forbid us tamely to surrender that freedom which we received from our gallant ancestors, and which our innocent posterity have a right to receive from us. We cannot endure the infamy and guilt of resigning succeeding generations to that wretchedness which inevitably awaits them, if we basely entail hereditary bondage upon them. Our cause is Just. Our Union is Perfect. Our internal resources are great, and, if necessary, foreign assistance is undoubtedly attainable....With hearts fortified with these animating reflections, we most solemnly, before God and the world, declare, that, exerting the utmost energy of those powers, which our beneficent Creator hath graciously bestowed upon us, the arms we have been compelled by our enemies to assume, we will, in defiance of every hazard, with unabating firmness and perseverence, employ for the preservation of our liberties; being with one mind resolved to die freemen rather than to live slaves. We fight not for glory or for conquest. We exhibit to mankind the remarkable spectacle of a people attacked by unprovoked enemies, without any imputation or even suspicion of offence. They boast of their privileges and civilization, and yet proffer no milder conditions than servitude or death. In our own native land, in defense of the freedom that is our birthright, and which we ever enjoyed till the late violation of it - for the protection of our property, acquired solely by the honest industry of our fore-fathers and ourselves, against violence actually offered, we have taken up arms. We shall lay them down when hostilities shall cease on the part of the aggressors, and all danger of their being renewed shall be removed, and not before." From The Declaration of the Causes and Necessity of Taking Up Arms, As adopted by the Continental Congress, JUly 6, 1775 (Authored by Thomas Jefferson)
What does the MN school shooting have to do with Gun Control?   What your opinion on this?
It's a handy platform for those who have already decided where they stand on the issue to cross swords over the corpses of innocent kids.  Those who support gun control will agitate for more restrictions on availability of guns.  Those who interpret the second ammendment as an obligation will argue that more guns will solve the problem.  Those who see it as an issue in itself,with the firearms as a secondary factor will be ignored or belittled by the other two groups.   What makes a kid so angry that he becomes withdrawn and Gothic,has violent fantasies,and finally snaps?Why does nobody see the warning signals and do something about it,and what happens in the unreported cases where the kid can't lay hands on a loaded gun at the critical moment?Do they seethe internally until they get the opportunity, do they throw themselves into a fist-fight, or do they melt away into the basement with a length of rope and hang themselves?  Serial killings like this should throw up questions, and responsible people should be looking for the best answers.Unfortunately,for every person who genuinely gives a damn, there's a dozen or more who see it as an opportunity to promote existing solutions that have been tried and not solved the problem.
In this case what would gun control have done, and what more could it do? The killer's grandfather was a tribal police officer and that's where he got the guns. http://www.cnn.com/2005/US/03/22/school.shooting/   What's the answer now - disarm the police? emoticon_wow
In this case what would gun control have done, and what more could it do? The killer's grandfather was a tribal police officer and that's where he got the guns. http://www.cnn.com/2005/US/03/22/school.shooting/   What's the answer now - disarm the police? emoticon_wow  Depends on your definition of gun control.There are more ways to restrict access to guns than simply taking them away.
In this case what would gun control have done, and what more could it do? The killer's grandfather was a tribal police officer and that's where he got the guns. http://www.cnn.com/2005/US/03/22/school.shooting/   What's the answer now - disarm the police? emoticon_wow  If this was on Indian property, the Federal Gun Control Laws don't apply anyway.
If this was on Indian property, the Federal Gun Control Laws don't apply anyway. So if the laws didn't apply here because of it being a reservation, stricter laws would not change anything (unless ammended to apply). But even so, the killer would still have gotten the guns because the person he got them from had the right and duty to have them.
So if the laws didn't apply here because of it being a reservation, stricter laws would not change anything (unless ammended to apply). But even so, the killer would still have gotten the guns because the person he got them from had the right and duty to have them.  That's my understanding. Indian Reservations are self-governing, autonomous bodies that can make their own laws.
That's my understanding. Indian Reservations are self-governing, autonomous bodies that can make their own laws.  They are still bound by federal laws. Think of them as their own states. They still have to obey federal laws, but they can make their own laws as well.
  Those who support gun control will agitate for more restrictions on availability of guns.  Those who interpret the second ammendment as an obligation will argue that more guns will solve the problem.  Those who see it as an issue in itself,with the firearms as a secondary factor will be ignored or belittled by the other two groups.   Well said. The truth of the matter is society's desire to hang blame on obvious contributing circumstances rather than attributing anything to developments leading up to and cumulating in that circumstance. Take away guns, knifes, etc. and something will be used, perhaps a deadly spray poison with components and mixing instructions available on the Internet. People will clamor to censor the Internet but distance themselves from social ills or personality defects as the basic, underlying cause.
I am less concerned about the guns and more concerned about what led up to this. How do hurting kids get missed like this?  The gun is only an issue if the grandfather did not store them properly (I have no idea).
Like what?  A good strong padlock makes as much sense as any other argument.You leave your car locked up when unattended because you don't want others who are capable of using it to do so without your permission, surely a gun is no different?
A good strong padlock makes as much sense as any other argument.You leave your car locked up when unattended because you don't want others who are capable of using it to do so without your permission, surely a gun is no different?  I've never had to worry about any of my kids messing with my guns, but they were NEVER kept loaded NOR near the ammo. That's just common sense.
That's my understanding. Indian Reservations are self-governing, autonomous bodies that can make their own laws.   Federal and most state laws superscede tribal law. Land issues and taxation they are exempt from.
I've never had to worry about any of my kids messing with my guns, but they were NEVER kept loaded NOR near the ammo. That's just common sense.  We grew up with my father's guns and ammo in the same place. Common sense, derived by parental direction from an early age, made us very aware of the purpose of guns and their potential danger. I can't imagine a kid from my era who would have dreamed of 'borrowing', using or playing with firearms unless receiving specific permission from a parent.  How would that recognition and acceptance of established parameters at such early ages be reconciled with todays society? There are two primary contemporary considerations, adolescent children who 'find' guns in a household, injuring/killing themselves or a playmate, and teens who take guns with the intent to damage/kill other teens.   While the first could be eliminated by closer parental supervision or just locking up guns, admitting failure of ability to instill values, what of those teens with demons stalking their minds who would find a weapon even if household guns were not available? What's the root of that problem?
We grew up with my father's guns and ammo in the same place. Common sense, derived by parental direction from an early age, made us very aware of the purpose of guns and their potential danger. I can't imagine a kid from my era who would have dreamed of 'borrowing', using or playing with firearms unless receiving specific permission from a parent.  How would that recognition and acceptance of established parameters at such early ages be reconciled with todays society? There are two primary contemporary considerations, adolescent children who 'find' guns in a household, injuring/killing themselves or a playmate, and teens who take guns with the intent to damage/kill other teens.   While the first could be eliminated by closer parental supervision or just locking up guns, admitting failure of ability to instill values, what of those teens with demons stalking their minds who would find a weapon even if household guns were not available? What's the root of that problem?   Ditto that here, George.  Where I live, it is not at all unusual during deer season to see high school kids driving around with high powered rifles in hanging in the rear window of their pickup. suring bird season, a shotgun takes that place. I assume that they have ammo in there somewhere (guns are so much more effective with matching ammo). It is not even unusual to see pickups parked in the local high school parking lot with a weapon in the rack (yes, we know, gun free school zones....we just have more common sense than to enforce such foolish laws).   We have yet to have a massacre at one of our local high schools. Is this because I live in a farming community, where family values are more than just a political buzzword, and you are free do dicipline your children, within reason, without having to fear that SRS will show up, arrest you, and take them away? I don't know.  I know we must be doing something right, because despite the fact that we have one of the highest rates of gun ownership per capita of any state in the union, we also have an extremely low rate of violent crime. Despite the fact that 12 yrs seems to be the preferred age around here for giving your son his first rifle, we have yet to host a school shooting.
Federal and most state laws superscede tribal law. Land issues and taxation they are exempt from.  Really, then how are they able to build casinos in states that don't allow gambling?
Really, then how are they able to build casinos in states that don't allow gambling?  Federal and most state laws superscede tribal law. Land issues and taxation they are exempt from
We grew up with my father's guns and ammo in the same place. Common sense, derived by parental direction from an early age, made us very aware of the purpose of guns and their potential danger. I can't imagine a kid from my era who would have dreamed of 'borrowing', using or playing with firearms unless receiving specific permission from a parent.  How would that recognition and acceptance of established parameters at such early ages be reconciled with todays society? There are two primary contemporary considerations, adolescent children who 'find' guns in a household, injuring/killing themselves or a playmate, and teens who take guns with the intent to damage/kill other teens.   While the first could be eliminated by closer parental supervision or just locking up guns, admitting failure of ability to instill values, what of those teens with demons stalking their minds who would find a weapon even if household guns were not available? What's the root of that problem?  My wife grew up in an anti-gun liberal house, so my concession to her was the separation of guns and ammo. When I was growing up, I kept my own ammo and guns in my bedroom from age 10 or 11 on up. My father taught me how to shoot at age 7 or 8 and we would occasionally make a trip to the local rifle range before I was old enough to legally hunt with a juvenile permit. In NJ, at age 14,IIRC, you could get an adult hunting license and hunt by yourself. I used to come home from school, grab my gun and walk to the swamp to hunt ducks. When I was done, I stopped at our local grocery store, gun in hand, and picked up some snacks for the long walk back home. Try that today in NJ. emoticon_wow
What does the MN school shooting have to do with Gun Control?   What your opinion on this?   Sorry to get to this late. What does it mean? It means that more has to be done to help the teens in trouble. It means a specific gun onwer did something illegal to allow his weapons to get out his control. All of which is NOT an excuse to abuse and trample over my rights.
Sorry to get to this late. What does it mean? It means that more has to be done to help the teens in trouble. It means a specific gun onwer did something illegal to allow his weapons to get out his control. All of which is NOT an excuse to abuse and trample over my rights.  What exactly did the grandfather do that was illegal?
What exactly did the grandfather do that was illegal?  Loose control of his firearm to a person who does not have the right to be in posession of the firearm.  I did nothing wrong nor did millions of other gun owners in this matter. We bear 0% of the responsibility. We bear 0% of the guilt. We are not the problem. There is no such thing as shared responsibility or guilt in this matter. There is no legal or political doctrine that makes me or millions of other gun owners bear any responsibility in this matter. Yet the anti-gunners DO blame me and gun onwers. Some how they have connected some legal and political dots that do blame me and other gun owners. Legal and political dots that I would like to point out our democracy does not handle. There are political and legal systems that do make shared guilt and responsibility possible. It is not ours. Most of these political systems and doctrines are communist. They are not the way we do things in this country.
Loose control of his firearm to a person who does not have the right to be in posession of the firearm.  I did nothing wrong nor did millions of other gun owners in this matter. We bear 0% of the responsibility. We bear 0% of the guilt. We are not the problem. There is no such thing as shared responsibility or guilt in this matter. There is no legal or political doctrine that makes me or millions of other gun owners bear any responsibility in this matter. Yet the anti-gunners DO blame me and gun onwers. Some how they have connected some legal and political dots that do blame me and other gun owners. Legal and political dots that I would like to point out our democracy does not handle. There are political and legal systems that do make shared guilt and responsibility possible. It is not ours. Most of these political systems and doctrines are communist. They are not the way we do things in this country.  I'm not sure that I follow your post. You started out by saying that the illegal act was losing control of his firearm and then proceed to talk from both sides of the issue. emoticon_confused  Here's what we know. His grandfather was a police sargeant. The boy killed him and took his gun. What illegal act did the grandfather commit, I ask again?
I'm not sure that I follow your post. You started out by saying that the illegal act was losing control of his firearm and then proceed to talk from both sides of the issue. emoticon_confused  Here's what we know. His grandfather was a police sargeant. The boy killed him and took his gun. What illegal act did the grandfather commit, I ask again?  My appologies. His grandfather commited none from your description. The way I understood the chain of events was 1) boy steals gun 2) boy shoots grandfather with stolen gun.  From the chain of events you imply is 1) boy kills grandfather 2) boy takes gun from dead grandfather.  Ofcourse a dead person can not do anything illegal.
My appologies. His grandfather commited none from your description. The way I understood the chain of events was 1) boy steals gun 2) boy shoots grandfather with stolen gun.  From the chain of events you imply is 1) boy kills grandfather 2) boy takes gun from dead grandfather.  Ofcourse a dead person can not do anything illegal.  Even if the chain of events was as you said, what did the grandfather do that was illegal? It isn't illegal for the grandfather to own, carry or store a firearm. That was the point of my question to you.
Even if the chain of events was as you said, what did the grandfather do that was illegal? It isn't illegal for the grandfather to own, carry or store a firearm. That was the point of my question to you.  If the grandfather lost control of his firearms, then he DID do something illegal. He lost control of his weapon to a person who does not have any right to be in possession of the weapon.
If the grandfather lost control of his firearms, then he DID do something illegal. He lost control of his weapon to a person who does not have any right to be in possession of the weapon.  How so? The kid had not been declared mentally incompetent, was old enough to posess the weapon, and was not a convicted felon. From a legal standpoint, if the grandfather had loaded him the gun and handed it to him, he would still be fine as long as he didn't know what the kid planned to do with it.  The point is, whether leagal or not, nutjobs are going to do thier thing.
In some areas, it is illegal to store a firearm in a manner where it is reasonably expected that a minor will access it.  Can you name a few. I'm not aware of any such laws.
I don't know about other states, but in Oregon one has to be 21 years of age to buy a sidearm or long arm. They must be over 18 to own a sidearm, but a parent may purchase a weapon for them. There are no age restrictions on long arm ownership. That provides legal ownership or possession of a long arm at post-birth age. The age for a hunting license here is 14. Some states have it as low as 11 years of age. Michigan is also a hunting oriented state and I'd think laws would be similar.   Because a grandfather didn't lock his weapons away from his grandson, IMO the kid was just a looneytoon who would have secured whatever he felt he needed regardless of what that took. I fail to understand how the grandfather could be held criminally liable for a nut job grandson.
It's like that in my area, I don't know if it's state or local.  Can you give an example of such a law? I'd like to see how it's written.
I don't know about other states, but in Oregon one has to be 21 years of age to buy a sidearm or long arm. They must be over 18 to own a sidearm, but a parent may purchase a weapon for them. There are no age restrictions on long arm ownership. That provides legal ownership or possession of a long arm at post-birth age. The age for a hunting license here is 14. Some states have it as low as 11 years of age. Michigan is also a hunting oriented state and I'd think laws would be similar.    In kansas, the age for a hunting license is 16. Funny, I hear in other states that you are not allowed to hunt until you meet the minimum age requirements for a license. Here, we interpet it a little differently. In ks, you can hunt at any age, you just don't have to buy a license until you are 16 :)
In kansas, the age for a hunting license is 16. Funny, I hear in other states that you are not allowed to hunt until you meet the minimum age requirements for a license. Here, we interpet it a little differently. In ks, you can hunt at any age, you just don't have to buy a license until you are 16 :)  I think that's true of any rural or semi-rural area. The importance of an extra 100lbs or much more of freezer meat is lost on those who primarily survive on neon mapped fast food. A cousin in Wyoming, where 12 is the legal age for a hunting license, always filled her licenses of an elk and two antelope (they seldom bothered with deer), often watching her elk come into camp quartered on pack horses.
I think that's true of any rural or semi-rural area. The importance of an extra 100lbs or much more of freezer meat is lost on those who primarily survive on neon mapped fast food. A cousin in Wyoming, where 12 is the legal age for a hunting license, always filled her licenses of an elk and two antelope (they seldom bothered with deer), often watching her elk come into camp quartered on pack horses.  What? They don't get their meat delivered to them between two starched planes? How uncivilized. :)
What? They don't get their meat delivered to them between two starched planes? How uncivilized. :)  We Westerners are generally far behind Eastern levels of sophistication. Though most of us now do wear shoes a great deal of the time, we're still having adjustment problems killing convenience mart employees to secure our provisions. But we're trying.
We Westerners are generally far behind Eastern levels of sophistication. Though most of us now do wear shoes a great deal of the time, we're still having adjustment problems killing convenience mart employees to secure our provisions. But we're trying.  LOL. I can't wait until I'm at a point at which I can leave civilization behind.
LOL. I can't wait until I'm at a point at which I can leave civilization behind.  It's a very nice feeling to be able to pick and choose which parts of 'civilization' one wants to encounter and dictate time and circumstances.
Hi, daewoo.  In my state, I think 18 is the age to OWN a gun.[ 21 for a pistol - and you need the course & a permit] But to learn to shoot? If the parent is a hunter, most of the families I know take the kids out at 12-14. I know a kid cannot own a gun until later, but they can go out on a hunt with a licensed hunter. One friend took his son down south for some kind of deer we don't have here. Another went to Alaska for bear. Another is teaching his 12 year old how to handle a gun properly for whitetail, come next season. My husband taught the kids when in late teens, basically for the safety aspect - didn't want any accidents around here!
Hi, daewoo.  In my state, I think 18 is the age to OWN a gun.[ 21 for a pistol - and you need the course & a permit] But to learn to shoot? If the parent is a hunter, most of the families I know take the kids out at 12-14. I know a kid cannot own a gun until later, but they can go out on a hunt with a licensed hunter. One friend took his son down south for some kind of deer we don't have here. Another went to Alaska for bear. Another is teaching his 12 year old how to handle a gun properly for whitetail, come next season. My husband taught the kids when in late teens, basically for the safety aspect - didn't want any accidents around here!  In my house, we learned to shoot at ~8 years old. My father thought it was important for us to understand the power of guns and to properly handle ALL guns as if they were loaded.
Christ ordered His Followers to be ARMED!  Luke 22: 35 And he said unto them, When I sent you without purse, and scrip, and shoes, lacked ye any thing? And they said, Nothing. 36 Then said he unto them, But now, he that hath a purse, let him take it, and likewise his scrip: and he that hath no sword, let him sell his garment, and buy one. 37 For I say unto you, that this that is written must yet be accomplished in me, And he was reckoned among the transgressors: for the things concerning me have an end. 38 And they said, Lord, behold, here are two swords. And he said unto them, It is enough.    http://img23.echo.cx/my.php?image=thebattleisthelords0006zp.jpg  http://img195.echo.cx/my.php?image=wisdombetterthanweaponsofwar00.jpg  http://img195.echo.cx/my.php?image=wisdomknowledgebetterthanweapo.jpg  http://img168.echo.cx/my.php?image=wisdomisbetterthanstrength0010.jpg  http://img195.echo.cx/my.php?image=theshepherdsintentions00001mv.jpg  http://img141.echo.cx/my.php?image=americafoundedondisobedience00.jpg
Christ ordered His Followers to be ARMED!  Luke 22: 35 And he said unto them, When I sent you without purse, and scrip, and shoes, lacked ye any thing? And they said, Nothing. 36 Then said he unto them, But now, he that hath a purse, let him take it, and likewise his scrip: and he that hath no sword, let him sell his garment, and buy one. 37 For I say unto you, that this that is written must yet be accomplished in me, And he was reckoned among the transgressors: for the things concerning me have an end. 38 And they said, Lord, behold, here are two swords. And he said unto them, It is enough.   I cant help but think of when peter drew his sword to cut the ear off of the soldier in the garden.. Jesus told him to put it away (get rid of it) "he who lives by the sword, dies by the sword." How does that fit in...in your opinion.
Well they had to be ready to kill at a moments notice... god could call for it to take care of all the nonbelivers.  Yes Chrstians should be disarmed so the "moral" atheists, humanists, pagans who crucified people should rule over us . . . that would give everyone a warm fuzy feeling inside.  Matt 26: 1 And it happened, when Jesus finished all these sayings, He said to His disciples, 2 You know that the Passover is coming after two days, and the Son of man is betrayed to be crucified.   Of course there are valid reasons why Christ armed His men.  Romans 13: 1 Let every soul be subject to higher authorities, for there is no authority except from God, but the existing authorities have been ordained by God. 2 So that the one resisting authority has opposed the ordinance of God, and the ones opposing will receive judgment to themselves. 3 For the rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the bad. And do you desire not to fear the authority? Do the good, and you will have praise from it; 4 for it is a servant of God to you for the good. But if you practice evil, be afraid; for he does not bear the sword in vain; for he is a servant of God, an avenger for wrath to the one practicing evil. 5 Because of this, it is necessary to be subject, not only on account of wrath, but also on account of conscience. 6 For on this account you also pay taxes, for they are ministers of God, always giving attention to this very thing. 7 Then give to all their dues: to the one due tax, the tax; to the one due tribute, the tribute; to the one due fear, the fear; to the one due honor, the honor.  Luke 11: 21 When the strong one, having been armed, guards his dwelling, his goods are in peace. 22 But as soon as one stronger than he comes, he overcomes him; he takes away his armor on which he relied, and deals out his arms.   "a moments notice..." Well it appears the guaranteed scheduled time is on the day of judgment.  Luke 19: 27 But these enemies of mine, those not desiring me to reign over them, bring them here and execute them before me.    I cant help but think of when peter drew his sword to cut the ear off of the soldier in the garden.. Jesus told him to put it away (get rid of it) "he who lives by the sword, dies by the sword." How does that fit in...in your opinion.  Hey thanks for the "edited/out of context sermon." Peter was rebuked for interfering with the plans of God. Oh . . . Christ never said to throw the sword away. . . "put it away" means put it away in the sheath.  Mark 8: 31 And He began to teach them that it is necessary for the Son of man to suffer many things and to be rejected of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and to be killed, and after three days to rise again. 32 And He spoke the word openly. And taking Him aside, Peter began to rebuke Him. 33 But turning around and seeing His disciples, He rebuked Peter, saying, Go behind Me, Satan, because you do not mind the things of God, but the things of men. 34 And calling near the crowd with His disciples, He said to them, Whoever desires to come after Me, let him deny himself and take his cross, and let him follow Me. 35 For whoever desires to save his life, he shall lose it. But whoever shall lose his life for My sake and the gospel, that one shall save it. 36 For what shall it profit a man if he gain the whole world, yet damage his soul? 37 Or what shall a man give as an exchange for his soul? 38 For whoever may be ashamed of Me and My words in this adulterous and sinful generation, the Son of man will also be ashamed of him when He comes in the glory of His Father, along with the holy angels.  Matt 26: 47 And as He was yet speaking, behold, Judas came, one of the Twelve. And with him was a numerous crowd with swords and clubs, from the chief priests and elders of the people. 48 And the one betraying Him gave them a sign, saying, Whomever I may kiss, it is He; seize Him. 49 And coming up at once to Jesus, he said, Hail, Rabbi. And he ardently kissed Him. 50 But Jesus said to him, Friend, why are you here? Then coming up, they laid hands on Jesus and seized Him. 51 And, behold, one of those with Jesus, stretching out the hand, drew his sword and struck the slave of the high priest and took off his ear. 52 Then Jesus said to him, Put your sword back into its place. For all who take the sword shall perish by a sword. 53 Or do you think that I am not able now to call on My Father, and He will place beside Me more than twelve legions of angels? 54 How then should the Scriptures be fulfilled, that it must happen this way?   The Bible is a contradiction of itself, on many matters. I should think Abelard's Sic et Non would have proven that. There are also clear discrepancies between old and new testaments.  Nope. No contradiction from Old to New.  Deut 20: 1 When you go out to battle against your enemies, and see horses and chariots, a people more than you, you shall not be afraid of them. For Jehovah your God is with you, who brought you up out of the land of Egypt. 2 And it shall be, when you draw near to battle, the priest shall come and speak to the people, 3 and say to them. Hear, Israel, you are drawing near today to battle against your enemies. Do not let your heart be faint; do not fear nor tremble, nor be terrified before their faces. 4 For Jehovah your God is He who is going before you, to fight for you with your enemies, to save you. 5 And the officers shall speak to the people, saying, who is the man that has built a new house, and has not dedicated it? Let him go and return to his house, that he not die in battle and another man dedicate it. 6 And who is the man that has planted a vineyard, and has not used its fruit? Let him go and return to his house, that he not die in battle, and another man use its fruit. 7 And who is the man who has betrothed a woman, and has not taken her? Let him go and return to his house, that he not die in the battle, and another man take her. 8 And the officers shall speak further to the people, and say, Who is the man who is afraid, and faint of heart? Let him go and return to his house; then the heart of his brothers will not melt like his heart. 9 And it shall be, when the officers have finished speaking to the people, commanders of the armies shall be appointed at the head of the people. 10 When you come near a city to fight against it, then call to it for peace. 11 And it shall be, if it answers peace to you, and shall open to you, then it shall be that all the people found in it shall be forced laborers for you, and shall serve you. 12 And if it shall not make peace with you, and shall make war with you, then you shall lay siege against it. 13 And Jehovah your God shall give it into your hand; and you shall strike every male of it by the mouth of the sword. 14 Only, the women, and the little ones, and the livestock, and all in the city, all its plunder, you shall seize for yourself. And you shall eat the plunder of your enemies which Jehovah your God has given to you. 15 So you shall do to all the cities very far away from you, which are not of the cities of these nations. 16 But of the cities of these peoples which Jehovah your God is giving to you as an inheritance, you shall not keep alive any that breathes. 17 But you shall utterly destroy them the Hittites, and the Amorites, the Canaanites, and the Perizzites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites, as Jehovah your God has commanded you; 18 so that they may not teach you to do according to all their filthy deeds which they have done for their gods; and you would sin against Jehovah your God. 19 When you shall lay siege to a city many days, to fight against it, to capture it, you shall not destroy its trees in order to force an axe against them. For you shall eat of them, and you shall not cut them down, for is the tree of the field a man that it should be used by you to lay siege? 20 Only the tree which you know not to be a fruit tree, you may destroy it, and may cut it down, and may build a bulwark against the city making war with you, until you have subdued it.
I'll be nice...  Out of context sermon? How about a paraphrased question... Know the differance? Forgive me for not having the cut and paste abilities that you have... Dont be one of those people who gets all huffy puffy over the question.  I am all for being armed... I AM armed... I have years of tatical weapons training. You should also know... I have also been a Christian for 26 years... I am more likely to agree with you, then disagree with you... But if its an "out of context sermon" you want... let me put down my Bible... Ill give you a sermon.
I'll be nice...  Out of context sermon? How about a paraphrased question... Know the differance? Forgive me for not having the cut and paste abilities that you have... Dont be one of those people who gets all huffy puffy over the question.  I am all for being armed... I AM armed... I have years of tatical weapons training. You should also know... I have also been a Christian for 26 years... I am more likely to agree with you, then disagree with you... But if its an "out of context sermon" you want... let me put down my Bible... Ill give you a sermon.  Sure let me have your sermon/propaganda of misinformation since it doesn't match the context of the Scriptures.  propaganda   n : information that is spread for the purpose of promoting some cause.  mis·in·form  Pronunciation Key (msn-fôrm) tr.v. mis·in·formed, mis·in·form·ing, mis·in·forms  To provide with incorrect information.  con·text Pronunciation Key (kntkst) n.  1. The part of a text or statement that surrounds a particular word or passage and determines its meaning. 2. The circumstances in which an event occurs; a setting.  And since your "experience" does not guarantee you to be an expert I will stick to the context which matches what I have said.  Job 32: 4 And Elihu had waited for Job with words, because they were older than he in days. 5 When Elihu saw that there was no answer in the mouth of the three men, then his anger burned. 6 And Elihu the son of Barachel the Buzite answered and said, I am young, and you are very aged; so I held back and was afraid to make my knowledge known to you. 7 I said, Days will speak, and many years will make wisdom known. 8 But it is a spirit in man giving them perception, even the breath of the Almighty. 9 It is not the great that are wise, nor the aged who perceive justice; 10 so then I say, Listen to me; I will declare my knowledge, I also.
Sure let me have your sermon/propaganda of misinformation since it doesn't match the context of the Scriptures.  propaganda   n : information that is spread for the purpose of promoting some cause.  mis·in·form  Pronunciation Key (msn-fôrm) tr.v. mis·in·formed, mis·in·form·ing, mis·in·forms  To provide with incorrect information.  con·text Pronunciation Key (kntkst) n.  1. The part of a text or statement that surrounds a particular word or passage and determines its meaning. 2. The circumstances in which an event occurs; a setting.  And since your "experience" does not guarantee you to be an expert I will stick to the context which matches what I have said.  Job 32: 4 And Elihu had waited for Job with words, because they were older than he in days. 5 When Elihu saw that there was no answer in the mouth of the three men, then his anger burned. 6 And Elihu the son of Barachel the Buzite answered and said, I am young, and you are very aged; so I held back and was afraid to make my knowledge known to you. 7 I said, Days will speak, and many years will make wisdom known. 8 But it is a spirit in man giving them perception, even the breath of the Almighty. 9 It is not the great that are wise, nor the aged who perceive justice; 10 so then I say, Listen to me; I will declare my knowledge, I also.  You live in a shed in the middle of the woods dont you? Possibly having scripture verses painted on your walls instead of wallpaper. I bet you know stats of all kinds..like how many people died from smoking last year, or in car crashes. Perhaps your knowledge of these "power Facts" makes up for power that you lack in most other areas of life. You have misunderstood me from the beginning. Your thoughts are the only thing in this conversation that are out of "con·text".   You cannot go wrong quoting scripture..I agree with it. But you dont sound like you want somebody to agree with you...in fact you attack a fellow believer when they ask a question, or paraphrase a scripture to ask a question that may pose a counter point to what you are saying... and on top of that you interpret that as propaganda... nowhere in your definition did I see propaganda as a question. One thing I am glad about, if past experiance or knowledge does not hold water... then you are no expert here either. Funny how that works.. isnt it?  Like apples?
You live in a shed in the middle of the woods dont you? Possibly having scripture verses painted on your walls instead of wallpaper. I bet you know stats of all kinds..like how many people died from smoking last year, or in car crashes. Perhaps your knowledge of these "power Facts" makes up for power that you lack in most other areas of life. You have misunderstood me from the beginning. Your thoughts are the only thing in this conversation that are out of "con·text".   You cannot go wrong quoting scripture..I agree with it. But you dont sound like you want somebody to agree with you...in fact you attack a fellow believer when they ask a question, or paraphrase a scripture to ask a question that may pose a counter point to what you are saying... and on top of that you interpret that as propaganda... nowhere in your definition did I see propaganda as a question. One thing I am glad about, if past experiance or knowledge does not hold water... then you are no expert here either. Funny how that works.. isnt it?  Like apples?  Well I will admit you have proven that you can "shoot off your mouth." Also, it appears "shadow boxing" is your true expertice since you haven't proven me wrong. When you want to get into the ring and bring some fact just tell me. . . until then YAWN!
Well I will admit you have proven that you can "shoot off your mouth." Also, it appears "shadow boxing" is your true expertice since you haven't proven me wrong. When you want to get into the ring and bring some fact just tell me. . . until then YAWN!  Thats about what I expected you to say... Forget "shadow boxing" .. You want a mean "cut and pasting" contest to break out... Dont fool yourself... your no better.
Thats about what I expected you to say... Forget "shadow boxing" .. You want a mean "cut and pasting" contest to break out... Dont fool yourself... your no better.  I doubt a propaganda robot, such as yourself, (beep, beep, beep . . . . does not compute) can anticipate anything. . . other than an oil change.   robot  n. A person who works mechanically without original thought, especially one who responds automatically to the commands of others.  However, it is very predictable that a propoganda robot such as yourself cannot defend his/her "beliefs" evidenced by your failure to provide any rebuttal . . . . only fluff.   fluff  n.  3. Something of little substance or consequence, especially: 1. Light or superficial entertainment: The movie was just another bit of fluff from Hollywood. 2. Inflated or padded material: The report was mostly fluff, with little new information.  Why don't you run back to your handler, who pulls your strings, and get a new propaganda update (beep, beep, beep . . . . does not compute) so you can "defend" your "position."  http://img221.echo.cx/my.php?image=pastorreptilewelcomes004zp.jpg  Remember this isn't cop work in a kangaroo court so your actually need evidence (no "railroading" zone ) to back up your "claims."  kangaroo court n.  1. A mock court set up in violation of established legal procedure. 2. A court characterized by dishonesty or incompetence.  v. rail·road·ed, rail·road·ing, rail·roads v. tr.  3. Informal. 1. To rush or push (something) through quickly in order to prevent careful consideration and possible criticism or obstruction: railroad a special-interest bill through Congress. 2. To convict (an accused person) without a fair trial or on trumped-up charges.
I doubt a propaganda robot, such as yourself, (beep, beep, beep . . . . does not compute) can anticipate anything. . . other than an oil change.   robot  n. A person who works mechanically without original thought, especially one who responds automatically to the commands of others.  However, it is very predictable that a propoganda robot such as yourself cannot defend his/her "beliefs" evidenced by your failure to provide any rebuttal . . . . only fluff.   fluff  n.  3. Something of little substance or consequence, especially: 1. Light or superficial entertainment: The movie was just another bit of fluff from Hollywood. 2. Inflated or padded material: The report was mostly fluff, with little new information.  Why don't you run back to your handler, who pulls your strings, and get a new propaganda update (beep, beep, beep . . . . does not compute) so you can "defend" your "position."  http://img221.echo.cx/my.php?image=pastorreptilewelcomes004zp.jpg  Remember this isn't cop work in a kangaroo court so your actually need evidence (no "railroading" zone ) to back up your "claims."  kangaroo court n.  1. A mock court set up in violation of established legal procedure. 2. A court characterized by dishonesty or incompetence.  v. rail·road·ed, rail·road·ing, rail·roads v. tr.  3. Informal. 1. To rush or push (something) through quickly in order to prevent careful consideration and possible criticism or obstruction: railroad a special-interest bill through Congress. 2. To convict (an accused person) without a fair trial or on trumped-up charges.   The cut and paste war has begun! Just remember... Pasting lots of words does not make you look smarter.. in fact in your case it just makes you look like more of a psycho... perhaps "arrogant" is the right word.  ar·ro·gant 1. Having or displaying a sense of overbearing self-worth or self-importance.  2. Marked by or arising from a feeling or assumption of one's superiority toward others: an arrogant contempt for the weak. See Synonyms at proud.  Proud? uh oh... You know what pride comes before! Im sure you've cut and pasted that scripture a few hundred times already.
This is the stupidest thread ever. It would be pedantic if it wasn't so infantile. Look those words up....  I totally agree... how could I not jump in on the likes of this.
This is the stupidest thread ever. It would be pedantic if it wasn't so infantile. Look those words up....  Hey I am trying to help this mental midget out since he asked for the help. You know they spend their day rousting teenagers and tazering little children/little old ladies so they don't have time to be intelligent. I have no doubt he has projected his anger on society as a result of the drubbing he is getting here.  drub  v. drubbed, drub·bing, drubs v. tr.  1. To thrash with a stick. 2. To instill forcefully: drubbed the lesson into my head. 3. 1. To defeat soundly. 2. To berate harshly. 4. To stamp (the feet).   Out of context sermon? How about a paraphrased question... Know the differance?   "pedantic" Wow! you used up your whole "BIG WORD DICTIONARY" on a response to me . . . I feel honored. :p
Hey I am trying to help this mental midget out since he asked for the help. You know they spend their day rousting teenagers and tazering little children/little old ladies so they don't have time to be intelligent. I have no doubt he has projected his anger on society as a result of the drubbing he is getting here.  drub  v. drubbed, drub·bing, drubs v. tr.  1. To thrash with a stick. 2. To instill forcefully: drubbed the lesson into my head. 3. 1. To defeat soundly. 2. To berate harshly. 4. To stamp (the feet).     "pedantic" Wow! you used up your whole "BIG WORD DICTIONARY" on a response to me . . . I feel honored. :p   There are so many things wrong with what you just said, I wont even waste my time...not to mention the fact that you havent masterd the quote button, or the edit button. I dont remember asking for help.. you might want to think about that. I only asked your opinion on another scripture that mentions weapons. I didnt even give you the impression I was against you, because I'm not (saying that for the 4th time) Now, even though I am repeatedly explaining my questions to you, you are still choosong to treat me like an adversary just because I paraphrased a scripture...to agree with you!  You have anger issues, and from what I can tell you also have an infiriority complex. I say this because you constantly choose to validate what you say, or the words you use to prove something to us. Normaly this wouldnt matter in a public forum, but I find that it interfieres with having a civilized conversation with you. 97% of your post is information from somewhere else, thats not what this place is for. Re-group.
There are so many things wrong with what you just said, I wont even waste my time...not to mention the fact that you havent masterd the quote button, or the edit button. I dont remember asking for help.. you might want to think about that. I only asked your opinion on another scripture that mentions weapons. I didnt even give you the impression I was against you, because I'm not (saying that for the 4th time) Now, even though I am repeatedly explaining my questions to you, you are still choosong to treat me like an adversary just because I paraphrased a scripture...to agree with you!  You have anger issues, and from what I can tell you also have an infiriority complex. I say this because you constantly choose to validate what you say, or the words you use to prove something to us. Normaly this wouldnt matter in a public forum, but I find that it interfieres with having a civilized conversation with you. 97% of your post is information from somewhere else, thats not what this place is for. Re-group.  Ah . . . mighty midget . . . . psychological attacks only work on the weak-minded . . . that is why I "own" you. And since you can't produce a single argument to refute my stance we will just call this a "WIN" for Shamgar's side. What's the matter no program upgrades? (beep . . . beep . . . does not compute).  I cant help but think of when peter drew his sword to cut the ear off of the soldier in the garden.. Jesus told him to put it away (get rid of it) "he who lives by the sword, dies by the sword." How does that fit in...in your opinion.  get rid of it BTW is not "agreeing" with me.
Ah . . . mighty midget . . . . psychological attacks only work on the weak-minded . . . that is why I "own" you. And since you can't produce a single argument to refute my stance we will just call this a "WIN" for Shamgar's side. What's the matter no program upgrades? (beep . . . beep . . . does not compute).    get rid of it BTW is not "agreeing" with me.  Once again your arrogance blinds you. I am not disagreeing with you. I dont want to "refute your stance". If I did.. I would. If you were a rational human who had ANY idea how to argue or debate... you would have pointed out the fact that I said "get rid of it", and simply explained that that wasnt the correct interpretation. Then, as I have, I would have explained to you my view on it. Instead you started acting like a child who just discovered the benefits of being anonymous on a message board. I am sure you will soon learn to walk from your crawl. We will all be here to help you when that happens.
Once again your arrogance blinds you. I am not disagreeing with you. I dont want to "refute your stance". If I did.. I would. If you were a rational human who had ANY idea how to argue or debate... you would have pointed out the fact that I said "get rid of it", and simply explained that that wasnt the correct interpretation. Then, as I have, I would have explained to you my view on it. Instead you started acting like a child who just discovered the benefits of being anonymous on a message board. I am sure you will soon learn to walk from your crawl. We will all be here to help you when that happens.  Yeah, I can see how you immediately said that you "agreed" with me . . . yeah right. And seeing how it wasn't a cut/paste issue but your own incorrect choice of words. . . I can see how the "fault" is on "my" side. However, since I am sure you support one or more of these issues: license to buy, gun registration, waiting periods, carry conceal laws, etc then we are still not in agreement, anyway.  I'll be nice...  Out of context sermon? How about a paraphrased question... Know the differance? Forgive me for not having the cut and paste abilities that you have... Dont be one of those people who gets all huffy puffy over the question.  I am all for being armed... I AM armed... I have years of tatical weapons training. You should also know... I have also been a Christian for 26 years... I am more likely to agree with you, then disagree with you... But if its an "out of context sermon" you want... let me put down my Bible... Ill give you a sermon.
Once again your arrogance blinds you. I am not disagreeing with you. I dont want to "refute your stance". If I did.. I would. If you were a rational human who had ANY idea how to argue or debate... you would have pointed out the fact that I said "get rid of it", and simply explained that that wasnt the correct interpretation. Then, as I have, I would have explained to you my view on it. Instead you started acting like a child who just discovered the benefits of being anonymous on a message board. I am sure you will soon learn to walk from your crawl. We will all be here to help you when that happens.  Yeah, I can see how you immediately said that you "agreed" with me . . . yeah right. And seeing how it wasn't a cut/paste issue but your own incorrect choice of words. . . I can see how the "fault" is on "my" side.  And since it is on your end to find out what the "out of context" meant then don't complain to me. However, since I am sure you support one or more of these issues: license to buy, gun registration, waiting periods, carry conceal laws, etc then we are still not in agreement, anyway.  I'll be nice...  Out of context sermon? How about a paraphrased question... Know the differance? Forgive me for not having the cut and paste abilities that you have... Dont be one of those people who gets all huffy puffy over the question.  I am all for being armed... I AM armed... I have years of tatical weapons training. You should also know... I have also been a Christian for 26 years... I am more likely to agree with you, then disagree with you... But if its an "out of context sermon" you want... let me put down my Bible... Ill give you a sermon.
Yeah, I can see how you immediately said that you "agreed" with me . . . yeah right. And seeing how it wasn't a cut/paste issue but your own incorrect choice of words. . . I can see how the "fault" is on "my" side. However, since I am sure you support one or more of these issues: license to buy, gun registration, waiting periods, carry conceal laws, etc then we are still not in agreement, anyway.  You are in no position to tell me what I "meant" by my statements. Thats my job. The "fault" is on your side for how you dealt with the issue, not the "words I used" BTW: Sorry, cant pick a fight with me there either. Licenses to buy are BS, gun registration should not be manditory, waiting periods should not as prevelant as they are... and carry & conceal laws are an infringement on our rights.
You are in no position to tell me what I "meant" by my statements. Thats my job. The "fault" is on your side for how you dealt with the issue, not the "words I used" BTW: Sorry, cant pick a fight with me there either. Licenses to buy are BS, gun registration should not be manditory, waiting periods should not as prevelant as they are... and carry & conceal laws are an infringement on our rights.  Yes, I am in a postition . . . until you clear them up. But cops are supposed to "defuse" a situation not escalate it. . . at least that is the party line if cameras are filming. "BTW: Sorry, cant pick a fight with me there either" see you are still not in agreement with me no matter how hard you try since your words still keep tripping you up.
In the future you should spell "own" like "pwn" and instead of calling Bishop a robot without program updates, threaten to "haxxor him up."  Is that some gay mating call you use?
Wow, I thought you were a jerk just on religious stuff, but you are always on assface mode.  Religion is involved in every aspect of a Christian's life. Since your are a pagan . . you wouldn't know that. Oh and thanks for the blessing!  Matt 5: 11 Blessed are you when they shall reproach you, and persecute you , and shall say every evil word against you, lying, on account of Me. 12 Rejoice and leap for joy, for your reward is great in Heaven; for in this way they persecuted the prophets who were before you.  Don't worry you have more in common with Bishop then I do.   No, it's the call I use to get your two moms in the sack. :)  I knew it had to involved a pervert (you) . . . . . and I was correct.
The definitions:  ... (D) "Semi-automatic firearm" means any firearm designed or specially adapted to fire a single cartridge and automatically chamber a succeeding cartridge ready to fire, with a single function of the trigger. ... (L) "Assault weapon" means any:  (1) Semi-automatic rifle that has the capacity to accept a detachable magazine and has one or more of the following: (a) A pistol grip that protrudes conspicuously beneath the receiver of the weapon; (b) Any feature capable of functioning as a protruding grip that can be held by the non-trigger hand; (c) A folding, telescoping or thumbhole stock; (d) A shroud attached to the barrel, or that partially or completely encircles the barrel, allowing the bearer to hold the firearm with the non-trigger hand without being burned, but excluding a slide that encloses the barrel; or (e) A muzzle brake or muzzle compensator;  (2) Semi-automatic pistol, or any semi-automatic, centerfire rifle with a fixed magazine, that has the capacity to accept more than ten rounds of ammunition;  (3) Semi-automatic pistol that has the capacity to accept a detachable magazine and has one or more of the following: (a) Any feature capable of functioning as a protruding grip than can be held by the non-trigger hand; (b) A folding, telescoping or thumbhole stock; (c) A shroud attached to the barrel, or that partially or completely encircles the barrel, allowing the bearer to hold the firearm with the non-trigger hand without being burned, but excluding a slide that encloses the barrel; (d) A muzzle brake or muzzle compensator; or (e) The capacity to accept a detachable magazine at any location outside of the pistol grip;  (4) Semi-automatic shotgun that has one or more of the following: (a) A pistol grip that protrudes conspicuously beneath the receiver of the weapon; (b) A folding, telescoping or thumbhole stock; (c) A fixed magazine capacity in excess of five standard two and three quarters inch rounds; or (d) An ability to accept a detachable magazine;  (5) Shotgun with a revolving cylinder;  (6) Conversion kit or combination of parts from which an assault weapon can be assembled if those parts are in the possession or under the control of the same person. ...  The actual law: No person shall knowingly sell, offer or display for sale, give, lend or transfer ownership of, acquire or possess any assault weapon. As should be plainly obvious, this is an almost total ban on all semi-automatic weapons in the City of Columbus, not just those that have been traditionally considered 'assault weapons' (automatic firearms).  Note definition (L)(2). Almost every semi-automatic pistol is included in that definition.  Whether an all-out ban on guns is good or bad (or constitutional), or an assault-weapons ban is good or bad (or constitutional), it should be obvious to any reader that the Columbus city council is trying to push through an all-out ban on guns by calling this an assault weapons ban.
Does it require only council approval or is a public vote necessary? What is council/public sentiment?
Does it require only council approval or is a public vote necessary? What is council/public sentiment? City council vote only, not sure about public sentiment, but from what I gather, most people don't care because they don't own guns. Whenever an issue like this comes up, people who are interested seem to become the loudest, both the pro- and anti-gun crowds.
City council vote only, not sure about public sentiment, but from what I gather, most people don't care because they don't own guns. Whenever an issue like this comes up, people who are interested seem to become the loudest, both the pro- and anti-gun crowds.  Columbus could become very attractive to armed criminals.
A lot of the items listed would be Destructive Devices or Any Other Weapons under the NFA.
A lot of the items listed would be Destructive Devices or Any Other Weapons under the NFA.  the only thing i see that would be a NFA would be the "Semi-automatic pistol with A folding, telescoping or thumbhole stock" of corse having a stock means it is not a pistol, but a SBR, but why let facts stop them.  i wpnder if the bb guns that you put the bb in a plastic cartrage would quilifie as an assalt rifle if this passes.
http://www.columbuscitycouncil.org/assaultweaponban/pdf/1154-2005.pdf Firearms need to be propelled by an explosive or combustable material.  Oddly enough, according to the statute, the determination of whether it is explosive or combustable isn't a question of fact... When determining whether a firearm is capable of expelling or propelling one or more projectiles by the action of an explosive or combustible propellant, the trier of fact may rely upon circumstantial evidence, including, but not limited to, the representations and actions of the individual exercising control over the firearm. So if I say "I've got a real gun here, with real bullets" and point a BB gun (pistol) at you (powered by CO2, automatically chambering a round after firing), then yes, I would be in violation of the assault weapons ban.
I just joined here and I like to discuss gun control. I am heavily in favor of the second amendment, but I HONESTLY listen and consider both sides. If you want to have some good CIVILIZED agruements, hit me up!  I'll start the ball rolling:  All anti-gunners: alot of you liberals are smart and have the right intentions, but far too often you are misimfromed (honestly) by the media and the movies. Too often your ignorance (in the literal sense, not insultingly) works against you in your cause. You guys REALLY need to get someone who knows what they are talking about to help you. Guys like John Kerry and Sarah Brady TRULY make your cause look bad in the eyes of the informed.  One of my favorite arguements is the assault weapons ban, you guys they tricked you and it is sad. If I was an anti-gunner I would be very angry by the deception they have dealt us. They pull on your honest intended hearts with smoke and mirrors legislation. If I didn't know guns like I do, I would be SEVERELY confused too, so I understand how it can stir emotion in you that anyone would oppose the ban. It is not the pro-gunners that you shold be mad at, it is the very politicians that work for you that play off the typical anti-gunners lack of true, first hand knowledge on guns.  You should get better guys to represent your cause. Your current politicians hurt YOUR very own cause more than they help. If you only new the truth you would be p*ssed at them too.
The definitions:   The actual law:  As should be plainly obvious, this is an almost total ban on all semi-automatic weapons in the City of Columbus, not just those that have been traditionally considered 'assault weapons' (automatic firearms).  Note definition (L)(2). Almost every semi-automatic pistol is included in that definition.  Whether an all-out ban on guns is good or bad (or constitutional), or an assault-weapons ban is good or bad (or constitutional), it should be obvious to any reader that the Columbus city council is trying to push through an all-out ban on guns by calling this an assault weapons ban.  --------  At first glance this statute seems to merely track the now-expired federal AW ban, and I would watch out to see if its supporters are selling it as such. It is in reality far more restrictive than the expired federal ban! I don't know if it is being sold as merely a "common sense state enactment of the old federal ban that expired and no longer protects us," but if it is, then here is why that argument is fraudulent: The old federal ban was far less restrictive because it defined an AW (in addition to some firearms deemed automatically an AW) as having 2 or more of the cosmetic features, while this new statute says it needs only 1 cosmetic feature. That is a significant difference which allows this proposed law to capture many more firearms than the old federal ban. It looks like the old federal ban definitions were used as a template for this new statute, but whoever wrote it decided to change it down to 1 offending cosmetic feature knowing full well it would ban far more firearms. If I were you I would let my legislator know this difference.   For comparison, here are the AW definitions from the old federal AW ban:  18 U.S.C. § 921  is a listing of how terms are defined in the firearms offenses portion of the Code, and it defines a federally banned AW as follows:  (30) The term "semiautomatic assault weapon" means - (A) any of the firearms, or copies or duplicates of the firearms in any caliber, known as - (i) Norinco, Mitchell, and Poly Technologies Avtomat Kalashnikovs (all models); (ii) Action Arms Israeli Military Industries UZI and Galil; (iii) Beretta Ar70 (SC-70); (iv) Colt AR-15; (v) Fabrique National FN/FAL, FN/LAR, and FNC; (vi) SWD M-10, M-11, M-11/9, and M-12; (vii) Steyr AUG; (viii) INTRATEC TEC-9, TEC-DC9 and TEC-22; and (ix) revolving cylinder shotguns, such as (or similar to) the Street Sweeper and Striker 12; (B) a semiautomatic rifle that has an ability to accept a detachable magazine and has at least 2 of - (i) a folding or telescoping stock; (ii) a pistol grip that protrudes conspicuously beneath the action of the weapon; (iii) a bayonet mount; (iv) a flash suppressor or threaded barrel designed to accommodate a flash suppressor; and (v) a grenade launcher; (C) a semiautomatic pistol that has an ability to accept a detachable magazine and has at least 2 of - (i) an ammunition magazine that attaches to the pistol outside of the pistol grip; (ii) a threaded barrel capable of accepting a barrel extender, flash suppressor, forward handgrip, or silencer; (iii) a shroud that is attached to, or partially or completely encircles, the barrel and that permits the shooter to hold the firearm with the nontrigger hand without being burned; (iv) a manufactured weight of 50 ounces or more when the pistol is unloaded; and (v) a semiautomatic version of an automatic firearm; and (D) a semiautomatic shotgun that has at least 2 of - (i) a folding or telescoping stock; (ii) a pistol grip that protrudes conspicuously beneath the action of the weapon; (iii) a fixed magazine capacity in excess of 5 rounds; and (iv) an ability to accept a detachable magazine. (4) for any person, other than a licensed importer, licensed manufacturer, licensed dealer, or licensed collector, to transport in interstate or foreign commerce any destructive device, machinegun (as defined in section 5845 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) [this being the tie-in to the NFA tax ban on machine guns]  Note, by the way, that these definitions still exist in the US Code and have NOT been repealed or have expired.  What expired was a portion of another statute, which made it a crime to possess these weapons. For reference, that statute is 18 U.S.C. § 922  [which lists several acts committed with firearms considered to be crimes. The AW ban added the following language, which has since expired but still exists in the Code]:  (v)(1) It shall be unlawful for a person to manufacture, transfer, or possess a semiautomatic assault weapon. (2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the possession or transfer of any semiautomatic assault weapon otherwise lawfully possessed under Federal law on the date of the enactment of this subsection. (3) Paragraph (1) shall not apply to - (A) any of the firearms, or replicas or duplicates of the firearms, specified in Appendix A to this section, as such firearms were manufactured on October 1, 1993; (B) any firearm that - (i) is manually operated by bolt, pump, lever, or slide action; (ii) has been rendered permanently inoperable; or (iii) is an antique firearm; (C) any semiautomatic rifle that cannot accept a detachable magazine that holds more than 5 rounds of ammunition; or (D) any semiautomatic shotgun that cannot hold more than 5 rounds of ammunition in a fixed or detachable magazine. The fact that a firearm is not listed in Appendix A shall not be construed to mean that paragraph (1) applies to such firearm. No firearm exempted by this subsection may be deleted from Appendix A so long as this subsection is in effect. (4) Paragraph (1) shall not apply to - (A) the manufacture for, transfer to, or possession by the United States or a department or agency of the United States or a State or a department, agency, or political subdivision of a State, or a transfer to or possession by a law enforcement officer employed by such an entity for purposes of law enforcement (whether on or off duty); (B) the transfer to a licensee under title I of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 for purposes of establishing and maintaining an on-site physical protection system and security organization required by Federal law, or possession by an employee or contractor of such licensee on-site for such purposes or off-site for purposes of licensee-authorized training or transportation of nuclear materials; (C) the possession, by an individual who is retired from service with a law enforcement agency and is not otherwise prohibited from receiving a firearm, of a semiautomatic assault weapon transferred to the individual by the agency upon such retirement; or (D) the manufacture, transfer, or possession of a semiautomatic assault weapon by a licensed manufacturer or licensed importer for the purposes of testing or experimentation authorized by the Secretary. (w)(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), it shall be unlawful for a person to transfer or possess a large capacity ammunition feeding device. (2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the possession or transfer of any large capacity ammunition feeding device otherwise lawfully possessed on or before the date of the enactment of this subsection. (3) This subsection shall not apply to - (A) the manufacture for, transfer to, or possession by the United States or a department or agency of the United States or a State or a department, agency, or political subdivision of a State, or a transfer to or possession by a law enforcement officer employed by such an entity for purposes of law enforcement (whether on or off duty); (B) the transfer to a licensee under title I of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 for purposes of establishing and maintaining an on-site physical protection system and security organization required by Federal law, or possession by an employee or contractor of such licensee on-site for such purposes or off-site for purposes of licensee-authorized training or transportation of nuclear materials; (C) the possession, by an individual who is retired from service with a law enforcement agency and is not otherwise prohibited from receiving ammunition, of a large capacity ammunition feeding device transferred to the individual by the agency upon such retirement; or (D) the manufacture, transfer, or possession of any large capacity ammunition feeding device by a licensed manufacturer or licensed importer for the purposes of testing or experimentation authorized by the Secretary. (4) If a person charged with violating paragraph (1) asserts that paragraph (1) does not apply to such person because of paragraph (2) or (3), the Government shall have the burden of proof to show that such paragraph (1) applies to such person. The lack of a serial number as described in section 923(i) of this title shall be a presumption that the large capacity ammunition feeding device is not subject to the prohibition of possession in paragraph (1).
the only thing i see that would be a NFA would be the "Semi-automatic pistol with A folding, telescoping or thumbhole stock" of corse having a stock means it is not a pistol, but a SBR, but why let facts stop them.   I wonder if you could argue "it's not a pistol, it has a stock, ergo it is a rifle."  Any feature capable of functioning as a protruding grip than can be held by the non-trigger hand   That's an AOW  Shotgun with a revolving cylinder   The only one I know if is the street sweeper: a destructive device.
That's an AOW  i had missed that  The only one I know if is the street sweeper: a destructive device.  that is the only one i know of, but if here is a diffrent one it would need to be found "unsporting" to become a DD.
Damn, I guess nobody wants to discuss with me when I am too nice. ???
there is not much to discuss, it would require teh anti croud to adnit they don't know it all.
I love the phrase "....semi-automatic assualt weapon.....". There IS no such thing as a "semi-automatic assault weapon". The single, overriding factor in defining a weapon as an "assault weapon" is it's capability for full-auto fire. Period.   But then, semantics never stopped the anti-gun crowd. Nor did common sense, as Ohio is a full-auto legal state (you may possess federally-defined "machine guns" there, with the proper federal paperwork). It's also home to a number of prominent full-auto dealers.  And as for "...whereas such weapons are capable of penetrating the body armor of police officers...." - so is practically any deer rifle I've ever seen - even the single-shots.  What a joke!
emoticon_idea I've got a great idea!! How 'bout not worrying about what classifies as an assault rifle we just not ban them!! See the answer is simple.
True.  But we still shouldn't worry about the need to classify guns if we wouldn't try to ban them. :)
What happened?  Why no surge in machinegun battles?  Why no bayonet attacks?
You can watch an actual assault weapon in action here  Watch out! It might bite!
We had the same "Streets running with blood" hysteria when CCW permits were expanded. I'm still waiting to hear about a modern "OK Corral" event. How many years has it been?  The sky is falling! The sky is falling!
i still have nets set to try to ceatch thoes AK's and uzi's that were going to flood the streets.
The AWB did lead to the development of baby Glocks so it wasn't all bad..........
But it also led to the end of Tec-9s.  And it drove up the price of (some) hicap mags.
Feh, the TEC 9 is trash. Glock is a far superior product.   I hardly ever considered a 10 rd pistol mag much of an road block to a decent self defense handgun, even though the ban didn't affect me.   In regards to rifles, mags were pricier, but if someone stuck to an AK or AR base weapon there were decent deals to be found and in all honesty more than a 2 or 3 mags for simple personal use is hardly necessary.
There was never a shortage of high-cap mags. The AWB just made smaller pistols more desireable. You could still get the mags for the big fellers, and all the manufacturers came out with nice little compact ten-rounders. There's now a whole new class of pistol out there. Can anyone say "unintended consequences"? Happens any time the government tries to ban something. emoticon_cool
but it killed the calaco's!!!
What happened?  Why no surge in machinegun battles?  Why no bayonet attacks?  What happened is that now I can have a bayonet lug, flash supressor, and magazines greater than 10 rounds on my AR15.  I would point out that the original ban was unconstitutional on two accounts.  Of course it violates the second amendment.  But more importantly, it is an act outside of Congress' limited, enumerated powers. Congress has no such power.
I agree that the AWB was nothing more than an attempt to ban scary looking but useless cosmetic features merely to get the camel's nose under the tent regarding gun bans.  When Congress passed the legislation it claimed its authority from its power to regulate interstate commerce. As we were able to see from Judge Robert's confirmation hearings, Congress has a very broad view of its authority to regulate many, many things under the claim that it either is in or affects interstate commerce.   In any event, I cannot see SCOTUS ever ruling that congress cannot regulate guns because they fall outside of the interstate commerce regulatory power. The better issue is whether the AWB was an unconstitutional infringement on an individual RKBA.
When Congress passed the legislation it claimed its authority from its power to regulate interstate commerce. As we were able to see from Judge Robert's confirmation hearings, Congress has a very broad view of its authority to regulate many, many things under the claim that it either is in or affects interstate commerce.   In any event, I cannot see SCOTUS ever ruling that congress cannot regulate guns because they fall outside of the interstate commerce regulatory power. The better issue is whether the AWB was an unconstitutional infringement on an individual RKBA.  No doubt the Commerce Clause has been stretched beyond the founders wildest imaginations.  However, check out the Lopez case:  http://www.agh-attorneys.com/4_us_v_lopez.htm  It involved a ban of guns within a certain proximity to schools. Held - Congress has no enumerated Power to ban guns in school zones. Pay specific attention to Thomas' Concurrence. He wants to revisit the whole commerce clause nonsense and restrain the feds to what the Constitution actually says - regulating commerce among the several states.
Is this really the best you can do Brady? Resurrecting a six year old thread simply to suggest that the lack of this ludicrous law is the reason Loughner was able to do what he did?  Do I hear some people saying Oops?  I've covered it in numerous threads that the ludicrous law you hold up as a shining example of effectiveness would've done nothing to prevent the Tuscon shooting from taking place. I've cited the law itself numerous times, but you don't seem interested in the facts. Observe:  Bill Text - 103rd Congress (1993-1994) - THOMAS (Library of Congress)  (a) PROHIBITION- Section 922 of title 18, United States Code, as amended by section 110102(a), is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:  `(w)(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), it shall be unlawful for a person to transfer or possess a large capacity ammunition feeding device.  `(2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the possession or transfer of any large capacity ammunition feeding device otherwise lawfully possessed on or before the date of the enactment of this subsection.  It says right there that the law didn't apply to previously manufactured and possessed magazines that would legally be recognized as "high capacity" in nature. That means Loughner could have found and purchased a pre-ban magazine of whatever size he wanted, it just would've been expensive to do. But it still would've been fully legal and he couldn't be charged with having violated any laws.
:  YouTube - FOPA Hughes Amendment VOTE APRIL 10 1986  This is criminal! Watch this C-SPAN clip: FOPA Hughes Amendment Vote on April 10, 1986. Here you can see how Chairman Charles Rangel (D.-NY) ram-rodded through a Federal machinegun freeze that clearly failed both a voice vote and a recorded vote. We are now saddled with an onerous law that is not only unconstitutional, but that also was NEVER PASSED!  I will also draw your attention to the courts ruling the Brady NICS checks unConstitutional as an unfunded mandate. Now it should be unconstitutional period.
  These FBI figures are for all rifle homicides, not just the so-called Assault Weapons.  All Rifles not just so called assault weapons.  2003 = 392 Equaling .027 of all murders 2004 = 403 Equaling .028 of all murders  2005 = 445 Equaling .029 of all murders  2006 = 438 Equaling .029 of all murders  2007 = 450 Equaling .03 of all murders   2008 = 380  2009 = 348   Personal weapons (hands, fists, feet, etc.) 2003 = 962  2004 = 943  2005 = 905  2006 = 841  2007 = 854   2008 = 875  2009 = 801  Blunt objects (clubs, hammers, etc.)  2003 = 650 2004 = 667  2005 = 608  2006 = 618  2007 = 647   2008 = 603  2009 = 611  Knives or cutting instruments  2003 = 1,828  2004 = 1,866  2005 = 1,920  2006 = 1,830  2007 = 1,796   2008 = 1,888  2009 = 1,825      Crime in the United States -- by Volume and Rate per 100,000 Inhabitants, 1990&#8211;2009  High = 1991  Violent crime rate = 758.2 Murder rate = 9.8 Low = 2009 Violent Crime Rate = 429.4 Murder rate = 5.0      January to June 2010  Percent Change -- for Consecutive Years 2010/2009 Violent crime rate change = -6.2 Murder Rate Change = -7.1 Meanwhile the gun supply in the U.S. goes through the roof.   Total NICS Background Checks -- November 30, 1998 - January 31, 2011  Total = 125,750,784 
  These FBI figures are for all rifle homicides, not just the so-called Assault Weapons.      Crime in the United States -- by Volume and Rate per 100,000 Inhabitants, 1990-2009      January to June 2010  Meanwhile the gun supply in the U.S. goes through the roof.   Total NICS Background Checks -- November 30, 1998 - January 31, 2011   We owe no excuses for exercising an inalienable right. What they want to do is try to recapture the corrupt politics of past days when there was criminal efforts that did diminish the right. They owe us an apology and some sincere soul searching.  I have ask repeatedly what sliiiiick and brady and vpc have to say about the criminal acts of the ATF that are continueing right now to boost their numbers and aid murder and gun trafficing. They approve of any method, including criminal that will generate the propaganda they want.  They owe us an explanation and approval of Constitutional crimes and felonies committed to try to propagandize the 2A RIGHT. Not a one of them has the character nor the guts to address the real numbers and facts nor to admit that civil rights are being attacked; they do this with glee.
Has anyone noticed that in Katrina's wake, citizens that were left there had to fend for themselves with their own weapons? I'd hate to have lived in New Orleans in the few days after the hurricane went through with no firearm(s). I've read a number of stories in the news where thugs left people alone when they saw they were armed.   Hopefully this will also be a reminder to gun-opponents of why we have a 2nd Amendment in this country.
Decent article on firearm ownership in the wake of Katrina  http://www.lewrockwell.com/akers/akers18.html  "Only law enforcement are allowed to have weapons", says P. Edwin Compass III, superindendent of the New Orleans police, Deputy Chief Warren Riley notes "No one will be able to be armed. We are going to take all the weapons." Heh, naturally private security guards which guard businesses are also still allowed to carry M16's and such, it's just the citizens which are denied their constitutional rights...  I personally am astounded at the overreaction of the government in response to a handfull of shootings in NO. Sending in the army in full force, confiscating guns and talking about an 'insurgency' just because of a couple of crackpots have been firing their guns. On an average day in New York there are 10 times as many reports of shootings, yet I don't see such a massive military response over there...
I personally am astounded at the overreaction of the government in response to a handfull of shootings in NO. Sending in the army in full force, confiscating guns and talking about an 'insurgency' just because of a couple of crackpots have been firing their guns. On an average day in New York there are 10 times as many reports of shootings, yet I don't see such a massive military response over there...  Well, if they've re-established control in New Orleans(and it seems they have), then taking a gun away from someone carrying it on the street would be what the police normally do in any city. If they were taking it away from peoples' homes, and not letting them keep them, that would be over and above what they normally do. (I'm very pro-2nd Amendment, so don't get me wrong here. I'm just pointing out that taking guns away from people happens in every city every day)  I also think that it's kind of disingenuous to complain about the military coming in--just a week ago everyone was criticizing the govt. for NOT sending in the military. Now people are criticizing them for doing it???
Wouldn't you all be a little concerned that as people are looting, breaking into houses and finding guns, that this would cause problems. It is not like those evacuted would be able to carry their weapons. The best they coud have done is leave them home, giving the criminal access to the guns....wouldn't we want to limit access to firearms in a case where people are breaking into homes, looting, etc....  I will add that I am not against guns, for the most part, but I am in favor of making it difficult to get them. That way only the most responsible people have them.  Unfortunatly, that is just not reality. Criminals have always had guns, and will always have guns. Plans to make guns more difficult to obtain have historically resulted in innocent civilians dying at the hands of criminals, becuase they could not obtain weapons with which to protect themselves.   Drugs have been illegal for years, with some pretty draconian laws to boot. Do users seem to be having any difficulty finding drugs where you live? They certianly don't here. You can't help but open the paper and see hundreds of pounds of drugs seized weekly, along with commentary form the local law enforcement warning us that this is just a tiny fraction of what is out there.  Same deal, only guns woudl be easier, since you can't sniff them out with dogs, meaning every freight container would have to be manually checked, and the user does not use them up...resulting in the need for constant imports to replinish supply.
Is open carry legal in NO?
Is open carry legal in NO?  http://www.packing.org/state/louisiana/  Yes. LA also has the 'glove box' law, where a vehicle is considered an extension of the home with no CCW required to carry a loaded firearm in one's vehicle. I don't know if emergency orders by the governor preempt current legislation. If not, current confiscation of firearms is against state law.
 I don't know if emergency orders by the governor preempt current legislation. If not, current confiscation of firearms is against state law.  That's just where I was heading.
That's just where I was heading.  The market for NFA firearms (full auto, transferable to civilians in particular) has gone soft over the past six months. Prices rose so rapidly over a four year period (in many cases 1000%) due to limited availability that even a basic bolt conversion Uzi is $6k, decent MP5 $14k. This administration's trend to trample civil liberties and now expand administration SCOTUS presence has put a sense of fear into buying what are now very expensive NFA firearms if confiscation is a possibility.   I'll be curious from an investor standpoint to find out if the NO confiscation action is state or federal mandated.
The market for NFA firearms (full auto, transferable to civilians in particular) has gone soft over the past six months. Prices rose so rapidly over a four year period (in many cases 1000%) due to limited availability that even a basic bolt conversion Uzi is $6k, decent MP5 $14k. This administration's trend to trample civil liberties and now expand administration SCOTUS presence has put a sense of fear into buying what are now very expensive NFA firearms if confiscation is a possibility.   I'll be curious from an investor standpoint to find out if the NO confiscation action is state or federal mandated.  To be fair, that is not just due to Katrina. The feds have been rattling the sabre for a while about bringing in machine guns, for some god unknown reason (not ONE SINGLE crime committed since 1938 by a private citizen with a legally owned machine gun).   Personally, I am still buying. That have been an EXCELLENT investment to date (anybody who doubts it, check the current value of the M-60 I paid $1200 for several years ago). I have also started collecting some otehr interesting doodads, like gardner guns, and have extended my gatling gun collection (gatling guns are NOT nfa weapons and are wholly uncontrolled) by 1 belt fed .308. the original gatling guns fired about 650 rounds per minute. You should see what you can do with a hand cranked gatling gun in modern days, with graphite impregnated "frictionless" ceramic bearings, titanium actions, and carbon fiber feed mechanisms emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill
To be fair, that is not just due to Katrina. The feds have been rattling the sabre for a while about bringing in machine guns, for some god unknown reason (not ONE SINGLE crime committed since 1938 by a private citizen with a legally owned machine gun).    True, I'm not blaming NFA possession endangerment on Katrina, but if a state or federal mandate for confiscation of firearms is being used in NO because of Katrina on a disaster, emergency or whatever basis, it'll set a precedent that's open to legal interpretation as to what constitutes a circumstance for confiscation. Could be a bad hair day for Gonzales trips confiscation. And I'm also wondering if something was tucked away in some obscure section of the reams of legislation produced by every federal agency and this was an opportunity to give it a test run in determining public acceptance. The efforts of this administration to undermine civil liberties seemingly have no limitation.
Could someone link me to some statistics, showing how gun ownership can lead to decreased crime?  -Wez  In the USA I don't need such a justification to own a gun. Crime countrol is not the purpose of gun ownership in the USA.  Besides gun control in the USA is not by any measure a shinning example of public policy to be copied:  http://www.nationalreview.com/comment/wheeler200310220911.asp
To be fair, that is not just due to Katrina. The feds have been rattling the sabre for a while about bringing in machine guns, for some god unknown reason (not ONE SINGLE crime committed since 1938 by a private citizen with a legally owned machine gun).   Personally, I am still buying. That have been an EXCELLENT investment to date (anybody who doubts it, check the current value of the M-60 I paid $1200 for several years ago). I have also started collecting some otehr interesting doodads, like gardner guns, and have extended my gatling gun collection (gatling guns are NOT nfa weapons and are wholly uncontrolled) by 1 belt fed .308. the original gatling guns fired about 650 rounds per minute. You should see what you can do with a hand cranked gatling gun in modern days, with graphite impregnated "frictionless" ceramic bearings, titanium actions, and carbon fiber feed mechanisms emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill  I am sorry Daewoo but we finally did get a machinegun crime by a legal machinegun. I believe it was in 1997, but I'm not sure. Can someone else help? I'm sure there has be 1 machinegun crime since 1938 and ONLY 1.
Nor is crime control an argument for laxer gun laws, if there's no link between gun ownership and decreased crime rates.:)  -Wez   There is 1 thing that is 100% sure. There is 1 thing that is absolutely not in doubt. There is 1 thing that is not debatable and overwhelming:  The same gun laws for crime control are violating the basic rights of Americans.  Keep in mind these laws are uncertain of thier affect on crime.   So then you have a law that violates the right of people and MAYBE does something to crime. What do you do next? I for one get rid the the stupid gun law.
I don't mind the gun laws, just supporting them with claims of them reducing crime is silly imo.  -Wez  Mind new gun laws? What are you talking about? You should be minding because the single most important thing they are doing is RESTRICTING guns from the most harmless of people while having NO MEASURABLE effect on crime.
As Edde said, I don't care about your right to bear arms. If you value it, good for you, it's your country not mine. However I am arguing against the notion that gun ownership reduces crime.  -Wez  Well then that is OK with me too. Then now what do you got? Gun ownership is YOUR country does not reduce crime? OK. Then what does it do?
I am sorry Daewoo but we finally did get a machinegun crime by a legal machinegun. I believe it was in 1997, but I'm not sure. Can someone else help? I'm sure there has be 1 machinegun crime since 1938 and ONLY 1.  I believe the incident you are referring to was in 1987, not 97, and it was not a private citizen, it was a police officer using their department issued weapon during a drug raid. He executed a drig dealer who got mouthy.
We don't have gun ownership. We can have shotguns for rabbit shooting, rifles for sport shooting and such things, but handguns and 'casual' ownership isn't really possible. Personally, I actually have a sword in my room for protection.  -Wez  As has been advised, 'Don't take a knife to a gunfight'. I know a poster stated pepper spay is illegal in Australia, is that also true in the UK?
We don't have gun ownership. We can have shotguns for rabbit shooting, rifles for sport shooting and such things, but handguns and 'casual' ownership isn't really possible. Personally, I actually have a sword in my room for protection.  -Wez  What the heck is 'casual'?
You need some kind of permit or license (be it for sports, hunting, national guard duty, collector or something like that)  That is not what to post was implying? There was rabbit shooting and sport shooting seperate from 'casual'? So what the heck is 'casual'?
 The problem is, I don't want to have to rely on my own firearms to be safe. The principle demands everyone carry a several pound hunk of metal around at all times, a dangerous several pound hunk of metal filled with explosives, that is, and sleeping with one eye open, just in case. In the military, you set up a camp and then set guards. Civilians do the same by keeping a police force.  I disagree with that premise. Military establishes a defined parameter with guards positioned around that parameter, deterring any danger element from entering the safe zone in a proactive manner. Civilian police are reactive, generally being positioned in the center of a defined area with patrols to service incidents in an investigative manner after occurrence.   In populated areas 'safe' neighborhoods are normally abbreviated military parameters using constructed walls, controlled access and often private, armed security to deter intrusion. Again, civilian police are reactive to incidents in those circumstances.   In example, I offer that television has produced episodes consisting of 911 calls from private citizens for police assistance that captured entire sequences of successful home intrusions completed while victims were on the line (until disabled) with arrival of reactive police after the fact.   In the US a few pounds of metal filled with explosives in one's possession can easily make the difference between successful defense against an attempted crime and victim status.
I disagree with that premise. Military establishes a defined parameter with guards positioned around that parameter, deterring any danger element from entering the safe zone in a proactive manner. Civilian police are reactive, generally being positioned in the center of a defined area with patrols to service incidents in an investigative manner after occurrence.   In populated areas 'safe' neighborhoods are normally abbreviated military parameters using constructed walls, controlled access and often private, armed security to deter intrusion. Again, civilian police are reactive to incidents in those circumstances.   In example, I offer that television has produced episodes consisting of 911 calls from private citizens for police assistance that captured entire sequences of successful home intrusions completed while victims were on the line (until disabled) with arrival of reactive police after the fact.   In the US a few pounds of metal filled with explosives in one's possession can easily make the difference between successful defense against an attempted crime and victim status.   I agree wtih you entirely here, george. The only way the military secures a base is by complete and total acess control, and the fact that EVERYBODY in the base is armed and willing to use their weapoins should the perimeter jobs fail to do their job adequately.   There is no thing as complete access contor in the civilian world. The primary purpose fo our police force is to show up in the aftermath of an event and clean up and do some investigation (nationally, we catch almost 1 in 5 cirminals). While the capture may keep the individual in question from commiting another crime, that does not do a whole lot for you if you are the victim of the original crime.   Iuris is correct as far as the state monompolizing the use of force. Unfortunatly they ahve not done a very god job of it.
here is what an armed, trained person can do.
It is all very simple why US citizens have guns. It is to stop this:  http://www.hawaii.edu/powerkills/RM1.TAN.CRUSHED.BY.TANK.HTM http://newsimg.bbc.co.uk/media/images/39207000/jpg/_39207140_tiananmen_ap.jpg http://www.hawaii.edu/powerkills/RM1.NAZI.MASS.BODIES.HTM  Yes the Netherlands is a good place to live. The underground learned to make machineguns during WW2 because they had no guns.
It's simple. Without a gun, how would I be able to shoot my bullets? :p
emoticon_xbye hi! We are 2 dutch students and we dont get why almost everybody here want's a gun. In the Netherlands having a gun is a crime. And we think thats really good, cause you see the results in the US. Kids killing each other with daddy's gun, and we think that when you own a gun the proberbility to use it is always much closer then when you don't own a gun. emoticon_xkill  A lot of people feel safer when they have got a gun in their home, cause then you always can use it, even when you are drunk or something like that. And you are always thinking about<b></b>: "when should i use my gun". emoticon_confused  So. people don't buy a gun! what's the use?!  Just make sure that you do'nt get in any problems. Greets, Joszi (age:16) Bram (age:16) Nijmegen, The Netherlands (best country to live)  I know at least one person from the Netherlands who owns a pistol. Are you sure that it is ENTIRELY illegal to own a firearm, or is it possible to obtain a permit for one?  Also, the whole "school shooting" business in the US is not really any sort of major problem. The thing is, the media reports every single incident making it seem more common than it really is.  As far as uses for a gun: In the US lots of people live in rural areas where it could take police about an hour, or even longer, to respond. People in that situation cannot rely on police protection. In addition, our police force is NOT obligated to serve as a protection force for citizens. Instead, our police are supposed to solve crimes after they occur.  People in the US grew up with firearms and shooting sports. Hunting, trap and skeet, and target shooting are important parts of American culture. In fact, our government thought it was so important for citizens to be able to use firearms that they created the Civilian Marksmanship Program (CMP). The CMP sells high-powered military surplus rifles at cost, to US citizens.  Joszi and Bram, what experience with firearms do you have? Maybe a day at the range would change your opinions. :)   pickleweaseler--The US of A (the REAL best country to live [in])
emoticon_xbye hi! We are 2 dutch students and we dont get why almost everybody here want's a gun. In the Netherlands having a gun is a crime. And we think thats really good, cause you see the results in the US. Kids killing each other with daddy's gun, and we think that when you own a gun the proberbility to use it is always much closer then when you don't own a gun. emoticon_xkill  I am afraid, Bram and Joszi, that you have not been exposed to all the facts. For example, your country, the Netherlands, actually has a higher rate of homicide than Norway. In the Netherlands, less than five percent of homes contain legally owned firearms. In Norway, more than thirty percent of homes contain legally owned firearms.  In short, Norway has more guns, yet less people killing each other.  In fact, a look at the statistics will reveal that homicide rates for developed nations remain fairly level no matter what the volume of firearms available to the public. In fact, I have just such a scatter chart already prepared.
Here's Adept's Chart. Blurry, but the best I could do.  http://img329.imageshack.us/img329/4739/chart8nl.jpg
I am from the U.S. Yes I own guns, but the reason I do is because I hunt and they supply the neccasary means to drop an animal so I can eat. So if we don't have guns I cant eat. Are you trying to starve me to death emoticon_confused because hunting is my main source of meat. I would also like to point out the fact of when you ban guns crime rates increase here in the U.S. so I would like to take the chances of keeping guns in my house to hunt, shoot and keep me safe. If you want the facts for here in the U.S. about guns go to www.justfacts.com/gun_control.htm it shows that guns keep the U.S. safer.
This is true. Less guns doesn't mean less homocide (but it does mean less violent death as my scatter chart from the same data showed). What Adept's chart neatly shows is that the USA is a ridiculously violent country by "developed" country standards. Take away their guns and they'd probably just kill each other with knifes, baseball bats etc.  It is true clive that the rate of violence in the U.S. is high, but you have to look at the other side of the coin, we have a large population in this country and with larger population means more crime. Also look at the crime rate percentage because we have a larger population. But the majority of our crime is done with illegaly owned firearms as well. So if you did take away our guns the criminals who already are getting them illegally will just get more illegally and us law-abiding citizens will be left defensless. It is shown in our history the less legal guns the more illegal gun violence. As shown in Washington D.C. ( that is our country's captial ) they banned all handguns, and in one year the crime in Washington D.C. sky-rocket 200%. But in Florida they adopted the right to carry a concealed firearm and the crime rate decreased 41%. So all you people against guns need to relize more guns in the U.S. makes us safer ( hence we have never been taken over and our government has never been removed) I'll take my chance with my guns.  I have quoted the site once and I will quote it again- www.justfacts.com_guncontrol.htm
So all you people against guns need to relize more guns in the U.S. makes us safer   Not strictly true. In fact, looking at the scatter chart plotted above, the US has a vastly disproportionate rate of homicide (at the time the data was taken).  All one can reasonably conclude is that more firearms does not increase the homicide rate, nor does less guns reduce it. The two appear to be un-related.
In my opinion, there are fundamental problems with cross-national/cultural comparisons of firearm homicide rates. I believe you really are talking about apples and oranges when we try to do this. You can't compare the Netherlands or England, for example, with the United States and draw any logical conclusions without considering the vast difference in social and economic issues which drive the violence rates. The same problem arises when those on my side of the debate try to compare America with Switzerland, which has an extraordinarily high percentage of private gun owners while enjoying an extraordinarily low violent crime rate. You can't compare these nation's crime rates with America's because the social and economic issues which drive violent crime in these countries are different.   I do know this from experience, though. The presence of the weapon does not give rise to the motive to use it for criminal ends. There are no evil little voices calling from the gun cabinet to plague American homeowners. England and the Netherlands have not avoided these sinister voices advocating gun violence with a ban on guns. The people of Switzerland are not collectively so hard of hearing that they have proven immune to the subliminal demands of their guns to be loaded and unleashed on the innocent.  I have seen people on my side of the debate argue that if a crime rate drops after a state passes a CCW statute then the deterrent effect of armed citizens must be responsible for the drop. Listen, I am as strong a supporter of the individual RKBA as there is, but I cannot find sufficient evidence to suggest that crime rates go down because we pass a CCW bill. It's the same problem gun control proponents have: we all want to believe what we want to believe, and we are prepared to claim that a statistical correlation equals cause and effect when it suits our purpose.   What I do know, however, is that the overall violent crime rate in America is not tied to the number of privately available firearms. More guns does not equal more violence.   Here is why I say this:  First see the latest 10 year survey of firearm violence statistics conducted by your government:  http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/guns.htm#findings  This is a sample of what you would find:  "Firearm-related crime has plummeted since 1993." "Nonfatal firearm crime rates have declined since 1994, reaching the lowest level ever recorded in 2002 and 2003."  "After 1994, the proportion of nonfatal violent incidents involving a firearm declined." "Incidents involving a firearm represented 7% of the 4.9 million violent crimes of rape and sexual assault, robbery, and aggravated and simple assault."  Now compare this trend of decline in firearm-related violence with the following ATF website, which lists new firearms manufactured for sale by domestic firearms manufacturers from 1998 to 2003 (the latest years available):  http://www.atf.treas.gov/firearms/stats/index.htm   From 98 to 2003, 19,185,247 new firearms were produced for consumer retail in the U.S. by domestic firearms manufacturers. Of these, 5,098,722 were handguns. I can't say how many were produced from 1993 to 1997, because the web page stats only went back to 1998. Yet, if you look at the year to year stats from 1998 to 2003, you will see a markedly similar number of firearms produced each year by categories of handgun, rifle, and shotgun, which strongly suggests the number of newly available firearms each year from 1993 to 1997 increased at near the same rate. [note: a very small percentage of these firearms were exported out of our market, but likewise this survey does not include the larger number of firearms imported to our market from abroad. Additionally, these statistics exclude NFA controlled firearms like the weapons which were produced for military/law enforcement and not civilian consumption)  When you set these two surveys side by side, what you see is this:  In the last ten year study, we had a marked decline in firearm violence during a period in which we added millions of new firearms to those available for criminal mischief--nearly 20 million new firearms alone from 1998 to 2003. I cannot say that millions more guns in the civilian marketplace is the cause of this crime rate drop. (in fact, I have another theory for the crime rate drop). What I can say, however, is that adding millions of new firearms to our civilian market did not cause the streets to run red.
Well C14 My quote on 41% decrease is true considering when they adopted it and in 9 years it did go down 41% so that was my claim and it is backed up by facts go the website I provided in my previous statement. Another fact that only 18 of the permit holders ever commited a crime too so it aint the law abiders doin the crime. So it's criminals who don't care about the licenses and laws who are breaking them and the law abiders who are defending themselves. And what if I told you that I myself used a gun in self-defense and that I didn't shoot but it was enough to scare him off? Is that enough proof to show that people like me who are law abiders protect ourselves legally?? How about there are 16 guns in my house not a single one has been used in crime, just in hunting and protection. What about all the hundreds of thousands of people who use guns to defend themselves each year? I'm telling you facts and I have my backup go to either www.justfacts.com/gun_control.htm or www.pulpless.com/gunclock/noframeindex.html There is the facts. Show me proof of legal law-abiding citizens wreaking havoc with there legal guns is more than the percentage of those who have legal guns and don't cause crime and I might believe you that guns cause crime.
Sorry if I wasn't perfectly clear there. I'm talking about people who have had guns for their entire life, got them legaly and are using legaly owned guns in the majority of crime. It is not the legal gun doing the crime it is the illegaly owned guns, so if you take my guns the criminals have no one to stop them since they have guns we don't. Sorry bout that not so clear statement that is what I meant.
No one to stop them ?  I thought you guys had a Police force ? ;)  Our police force has no obligation to protect our citizens, and Katrina has shown that they won't help when you need it most. Our police are supposed to catch criminals after they have done something, not necessarily stop crime during its comission.
No one to stop them ?  I thought you guys had a Police force ? ;)  Here are the figures 15 minutes = police  2 seconds = my gun Do the math All 911 (our cop's number) is a dial-a-prayer. I'd put my life in the hands of my 2 second gun rather than cops coming after I am dead. What about on the streets or in an ally, the mugger shows up I can't call the plice but! I can pull out a firearm since we're a smart country and allow our citizens with permits to arm themselves.
We have no need for guns, and most law abiding citizens wouldn't want one. As such, I don't think we should legalise them over here.  -Wez  But why should that be a reason to discriminate against the people who do want to use guns? It has no appreciable effect on homicide rates, and appears to only have a positive effect on violent crime rates.
Here are the figures 15 minutes = police  2 seconds = my gun Do the math All 911 (our cop's number) is a dial-a-prayer. I'd put my life in the hands of my 2 second gun rather than cops coming after I am dead. What about on the streets or in an ally, the mugger shows up I can't call the plice but! I can pull out a firearm since we're a smart country and allow our citizens with permits to arm themselves.  I'm a US advocate of individual right to own firearms, a firearms collector and possess a CWL which I exercise, but consider your 'smart country' a derogatory remark to countries who do not use our constitution or experience our crimes against persons using firearms on a per-capita basis. When compared to more established countries, we have a very violent society.
Well I can think of one good reason to have a gun. Target shooting. It is really fun and it is pretty much a sport. If we all did target shooting our population would be much better marksmen and that means our millitary would be stronger. If you take away the guns there would be none of this. And also if you took away the guns people would use knives or a blunt weapon. There are infinite blunt weapons. Criminals would start making swords. And it is possible this could shoot us back to ancient times although i have to admit that is unlikely. People are always going to hate, there will never be hate, and people will always kill. So ask your self this would you like the victims to experience no pain with a a gun or with lots of pain with blunts or blades?   Hansel   P.S. Netherlands is almost all athiestic, abortion is legal, old people can ask the doctor to kill them, drugs are legal. There are no morals. Are you sure this is the best place to live?
I'm not questioning the intellegence of other countries. I am just stating that I feel it was a smart move for our country to allow our citizens to carry a firearm, and to protect themselves. If I offended anyone in any way, I appologize I did not wish for my comment to be taken the wrong way. :) Now back to the original discussion on gun control. It does not deter crime here in the states. Some of my supporting facts are that in our nations capital they put a ban on hand guns and their handgun homicide rate sky-rocketed up 200%!! but when they allowed Florida to carry concealed firearms there crime went down, in 9 years there handgun homicide decreased 41%, wow, funny how that works. Gun control in the U.S. does not equal crime control.
Most 'law-abiding' citizens wouldn't buy guns because it's not really in our culture. If someone wants a gun for practical purposes such as shooting rabbits or putting down horses they can apply to have one. I see no reason why they should get access to handguns however. I don't want any idiot running around with a handgun, nor do I wish to own one myself.  -Wez  Sure. But given that increased gun ownership does not result in increased rates of homicide or violent crime (or any kind of crime, for that matter), is there any rational reason to deny handguns to people who want them?
Sure. But given that increased gun ownership does not result in increased rates of homicide or violent crime (or any kind of crime, for that matter), is there any rational reason to deny handguns to people who want them?  IMO, no. Unfortunately, logical reasoning normally loses when faced with established cultural presence, belief systems or dominating political manipulation. To many insecure US citizens their cultural nightmare consists of an atheist gay being allowed to marry the same sex and receiving a concealed weapons or class 3 license. In other nations the weapon would be the only perceived negative.
I don't mind gun-ownership where it's practical, for example shotguns on farms. Casual handgun ownership does however irk me.  -Wez  I feel the same way about SUVs, but that doesn't mean I think it's a good idea to ban them unless you can demonstrate a genuine need for one.
I wouldn't actually be all that opposed to banning SUVs unless you needed on. emoticon_wow  Wow. What about TVs?  With regards to the issue at hand. I don't see why a law-abiding citizen would buy a handgun, other than for 'sport'  1 - Defence. If I could legally own and carry a handgun for defence, I would. And apart from the odd speeding fine, I'm a totally law-abiding citizen.  2 - Fun. Plinking away at targets, or just shooting at stuff is good fun. I used to shoot the pegs of the clothes line with a .22 when I was a kid. Mum didn't like it, but I had a great time.  Our police don't even have guns most of the time and I quite like it this way. You feel safe, even if statistically, you may not be safer, and to me that means quite a lot.  Well thats just wrong. How can you feel safer, even though you know it isn't true? Isn't it better to be just sa safe, perhaps even safer, and to let other people do what they want as well?
I bet all those stranded survivors felt safe in New Orleans without guns knowing the Police was there to protect them.  How about the Police that went around and confiscated guns from legitimate owners on "thier own property" and not do anything illegal.  In some places armed gunowners actually banded together and secured thier neighborhoods and NO looters at all.  I wonder what would happen in the UK if such an event were to take place over there.
So you are saying that guns are almost non-existant and basically unavailable over there?  Would it be better if there were gangs armed with machete/swords/other weapon? Do you think a whole gang armed with the above would mess with one person with ONE firearm?
...... Yes they probably would not mess with that person, but I think you are comparing apples with oranges really.  No, he's comparing guns and knives. You know the old adage "never bring a knife to a gun fight" :)
Ever since the 1997 ban in England crimes with firearms has been on the rise.  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/london/3195908.stm  Also I may add UK is a very centralised state, unlike the US we don't have a very strong Local Government where the State has a lot of control over disaster control. Traditionally disaster management and recovery will probably be controlled the National Government. So who will keep law and order? Can you rely on your local police to protect you?  No...you cannot. You can only rely on yourself and here in the US the Police are NOT obligated to come to your aid so that you are responsible for your own well being.  I think it is not a valid to compare the New Orleans and the UK.  First of all it would be better to select a region of the UK, then you would need to select a Region with a similar Economic problems, same kind of ethnic divisions.    It is very valid.... humans are humans and you WILL have some that steal because it's easier that way. The big difference is do you have anyone willing(or able) to stand up to the bands of thugs when you local police can't come to your "rescue".  No thank you...I don't expect them to come save me. It is my duty as a citizen of the US to help maintain law and good order in times of need. People of like minds will band together and help each other get through in great times of need such as Katrina. While others will shrink to the lowest level and not do anything for themselves but prey upon the weak and defenseless.  I ask you again...HOW will you in the UK stand up to bands of ARMED (with guns) thugs in the event of a large disaster and the police presence in gone? Don't say it can't happen, because it just did a few months ago.
Dodging the question...eh?  Scotland is part of the UK so in effect those stats apply as a whole. So maybe "Scotland" isn't on the rise the Country itself is on the rise even though you have a "ban" that is supposed to make the gun problem go away.   Let me see if I can word this so you might understand...  "Hypothetically" Hurrican Katrina hits the UK (Scotland to be precise)and...  I ask you again...HOW will you in the UK stand up to bands of ARMED (with guns) thugs in the event of a large disaster and the police presence in gone? Don't say it can't happen, because it just did a few months ago. 
Don't mind TVs., just most reality TV.  :p   From who and what? In England, the vast majority of burglars just run when confronted. Why should they stay? If you have a baseball bat or sword in your room (as I do), you know any burglar won't be sticking around. If said burglar had a gun though, even if I also had one, it would be different.  I'd keep it on me, to enable myself to defend myself and my loved ones (and yes, my property as well) from those who would wish me ill. It's not likely I'll ever be attacked, or ever feel like I need a gun. I'll certainly concede that point. However, I don't consider that to be a reason to prohibit me from having one.  Drugs, flick-knives and various other things are fun, but I don't want to legalise them.  Alcohol and nicotine are drugs as well. We only ban the ones that are extremely harmful, and cause large ammounts of peripheral crime. And don't contribute to government coffers.  On the flipside things like bungee jumping, drinking, rally driving and rock-fishing are dangerous, but we don't ban them.  For the same reason people are scared of spiders, small sharks and such things. You know you're safe, but you don't feel it.  But thats just stupid...  I'd dispute "safer" (on lack of evidence) and even "just as safe" as I can't get a gun.  -Wez  Look at the statistics from your own home office. Despite tighter gun laws, crime (interestingly, armed robbery and gun related crime has also increased) has increased across the board. You are more likely to be a victim of crime now, than you were before the gun laws were tightened. Thus, you are less safe. I won't try and link the two, but the fact remains.  If you cannot demonstrate that more citizens owning guns leads to more violent crime, if the stats in fact support the opposite, what reason is there to ban guns?
So Wez...  in your country in the event of a major natural disaster there would be NO wild packs of looters roaming around?  Please go back and re-read my question and try to answer it truthfully. I didn't state there were armed gangs running around now...I said after the police presence has disappeared. Who will protect you in THAT situation??
Obviously tarawa12 he doesn't relize the fact of putting a scenrio to play. Also I would like to point out that if they don't need them there the threat might not be high. But here in the U.S. the threat is high, they need to relize that here we do, it is a freedom, it is non-negotiable so they need to stop talking about our freedoms being bad. Because what if we didn't save them during the reign of Hitler? Hitler would have invaded and the average citizen would have been rounded up and thrown in camps like it happened to the jews. Honestly I still think they are mad that when we had guns we revolted and broke away, and they don't want that happening again. :) Ask Hitler, Gun control works.
Not ones with guns.:)   Why would the police presence disappear? Maybe we have a competent police force? Also, we wouldn't have armed looters.   Show me where I said I wanted you to give your guns up please. I'm all for the US keeping its guns. It would be lunacy to make guns illegal in the USA imo.   Being half-German, that argument doesn't really work against me.  That and Hitler was unlikely to ever invade Britain while Russia was still a greater threat. Should Britons thanks the communists as well?:p  -Wez Wez, I'm sorry but there are plenty of guns where you live....you just aren't allowed to have them...only the criminals can have them.  I'm also sorry that you have 110% faith that your police force will be there to protect you in your time of need. I'm afraid you might be disappointed if the time ever comes that you really need them.
Wez, I'm sorry but there are plenty of guns where you live....you just aren't allowed to have them...only the criminals can have them.  I'm also sorry that you have 110% faith that your police force will be there to protect you in your time of need. I'm afraid you might be disappointed if the time ever comes that you really need them.  By all measures, I'd be considered a gun nut. I collect them, display them, use them, kill animals with them, even built a couple from components and consider that my privilege under the laws of my country (US). I do not critique the gun laws of other countries, nor do I attempt to impose my country's firearms mentality on them. While your statement sounds like a great NRA ad, the US is a violent country and our socio/economic circumstances are far different than any other country. Having the highest per-capita rate of incarceration in the developed world allows other countries to understand why we prefer being personally armed.
Let me tell you one of the reasons why I fight to protect my RKBA, Bram and Joszi. I believe that the Bill of Rights to my constitution (including the RKBA) is the greatest pronouncement of civil liberties which has ever been assembled to restrain a government from oppressing those it was created to serve. It is no coincidence that the Bill of Rights was drafted by revolutionaries who took up arms to secure their freedom.   Many people in my country today view the revolutionary war as one fought against England as if it were a foreign power. Too many have forgotten that in reality my founding fathers fought their own government--a government that was bent on disarming them and using its standing army to oppress them. My nation was born from the courage of those who fought their own government and wrested from its grip the possession of the basic rights of man.   When it came time to form a new government, these same men pledged to form one which would protect their natural and inalienable rights--the rights to life, liberty, property, and pursuit of happiness listed in their Declaration of Independence from tyranny. To preserve these natural rights, they chose to shackle their new government with the obligation to recognize certain civil liberties-liberties which by their nature preserve and protect these natural rights. The right to keep and bear arms was one of these civil liberties:   "Before a standing army can rule, the people must be disarmed; as they are in almost every kingdom of Europe. The supreme power in America cannot enforce unjust laws by the sword; because the whole body of the people are armed, and constitute a force superior to any bands of regular troops that can be, on any pretense, raised in the United States. A military force, at the command of Congress, can execute no laws, but such as the people perceive to be just and constitutional; for they will possess the power, and jealousy will instantly inspire the inclination, to resist the execution of a law which appears to them unjust and oppress." Noah Webster, "An Examination into the Leading Principles of the Federal Constitution" (1787) in Pamphlets on the Constitution of the United States (P. Ford, 1888).  See also the great Anti-Federalist Patrick Henry, who urged the rejection of a constitution which did not enshrine protections for civil liberties, including the RKBA:   "Is it necessary for your liberty, that you should abandon those great rights by the adoption of this system?. . . Will the abandonment of your most sacred rights tend to the security of your liberty?. . . .I am fearful I have lived long enough to become an old fashioned fellow: Perhaps an invincible attachment to the dearest rights of man, may, in these refined enlightened days, be deemed old fashioned: If so, I am contented to be so. . . . Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. Unfortunately, nothing will preserve it, but downright force: Whenever you give up that force, you are inevitably ruined. . . .  My great objection to this Government is, that it does not leave us the means of defending our rights; or, of waging war against tyrants. . . .  The Honorable Gentleman who presides, told us, that to prevent abuses in our Government, we will assemble in Convention, recall our delegated powers, and punish our servants for abusing the trust reposed in them. Oh, Sir, we should have fine times indeed, if to punish tyrants, it were only sufficient to assemble the people. Your arms wherewith you could defend yourselves, are gone. . . . Did you ever read of any revolution in any nation, brought about by the punishment of those in power, inflicted by those who had no power at all? You read of a riot act in a country [England] which is called one of the freest in the world, where a few neighbors cannot assemble without the risk of being shot by hired soldiery, the engines of despotism. We may see such an act in America. A standing army we shall have also, to execute the execrable commands of tyranny: And how are you to punish them? Will you order them to be punished? Who shall obey these orders? Will your Mace-bearer be a match for a disciplined regiment? In what situation are we to be? . . . .What resistance could be made? The attempt would be madness." Patrick Henry, Speeches of June 5 and 7, 1788, before the Virginia Ratifying Convention, reprinted in The Anti-Federalist Papers and the Constitutional Convention Debates, pages 199-216, Mentor Books, 1986, edited by Ralph Ketchum.  This was the spirit of the times, Bram and Joszi, when these revolutionaries considered how best to frame protections for their liberties. When my Bill of Rights was drafted, it accepted Henry's criticism and included an individual RKBA:  "Mr. Madison has introduced his long expected amendments. . . .It contains a bill of rights [including] . . . .the right to keep and bear arms." Fisher Ames, 1 Works of Fisher Ames, pp. 52-53 (1854) [Letter to Thomas Dwight, June 11, 1789].  "The rights of conscience, of bearing arms, of changing the government, are declared to be inherent in the people." Fisher Ames, 1 Works of Fisher Ames, pp. 53-54 (1854) [Letter to F. I. Minoe, June 12, 1789].  "Last Monday, a string of amendments were presented to the lower house; these altogether respected personal liberty. . .  ." William Grayson, 3 Patrick Henry, p. 391 (1951) [letter from Grayson to Henry, June 12, 1789].  Why and individual RKBA, you might ask? For the reason set forth by one of the founders, who explained the purpose of the 2nd. Amendment as follows:   "As civil rulers, not having their duty to the people duly before them, may attempt to tyrannize, and as the military forces which must be occasionally raised to defend our country, might pervert their power to the injury of their fellow citizens, the people are confirmed by the article in their right to keep and bear private arms." Tench Coxe, Remarks on the First Part of the Amendments to the Federal Constitution. Published under the pseudonym, "A Pennsylvanian" in the Philadelphia Federal Gazette, June 18, 1789 at 2 Col. 1. (Emphasis added)  Here is my point, Bram and Joszi. These lofty ideals of securing individual liberty are often lost on today's generation. Many of my countrymen today gladly live under the shelter of these rights, yet they would not lift a finger to defend them if attacked by opportunists who argue that these fundamental rights must yield to the goal of some present day expediency. For many these rights have become bland clichés which deserve nothing more than lip service as defense from encroachment.  You will find that within my country there are great differences of opinion on this subject. If you follow the confirmation process of the newly-appointed Supreme Court justice candidate you may even see the issue of the RKBA addressed in that forum. Indeed, I think the discussion of the RKBA likely during this confirmation process, because there are those involved in the process who would attack the RKBA as anachronistic and even dangerous. Those who believe that it should be separated from its sister rights and abolished, that the government should no longer be forced to respect this basic right of man. In my opinion, it is because of men and women like this that my rights are protected by a constitution:   "The great ideals of liberty and equality are preserved against the assaults of opportunism, the expediency of the passing hour, the erosion of small encroachments, the scorn and derision of those who have no patience with general principles, by enshrining them in constitutions, and consecrating to the task of their protection a body of defenders." Justice Benjamin Cardozo, The Nature of the Judicial Process, New Haven, 1921.  In my opinion, Bram and Joszi, those who attack my RKBA because they personally dislike the right unwittingly weaken the entire fabric of my constitutional liberties. By attacking one liberty they view with disgust, they encourage others to exercise the same zeal in attacking liberties that they happen to be biased against. This is the primary reason why I oppose such opportunistic demagoguery seeking to ban my RKBA. Even if I were not a gun owner, and this were the only reason I had to consider the RKBA, then I would still defend it for this principle alone.  ---  "Experience should teach us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the Government's purposes are beneficent. Men born to freedom are naturally alert to repel invasion of their liberty by evil-minded rulers. The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding." Justice Brandeis, Olmstead v. United States, 277 U.S. 438, 485 (1928).
Our gun crime is, compared to many other Western countries, low. We have guns, just not very many.   Protect me from who and what? You might have roaming armed gangs on the streets (at times), but we certainly don't. You can compare our two countries' crime rates if you want to and see why many in the UK see no need for guns.  -Wez  That's probably what the French were saying...up until last week, that is. emoticon_wow
Our police force has no obligation to protect our citizens, and Katrina has shown that they won't help when you need it most.  Not only total nonsense, but an insult to those professionals who have been injured or died doing their duty.  Our police are supposed to catch criminals after they have done something, not necessarily stop crime during its comission. Again, nonsense.  Dono
Not only total nonsense, but an insult to those professionals who have been injured or died doing their duty.  Do you believe that there was not civil unrest following Katrina? Are law enforcement officers infallible and omnipotent?  http://www.cnn.com/2005/US/09/29/nopd.looting/ http://www.chron.com/cs/CDA/ssistory.mpl/nation/3424245 http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,23889-1801841,00.html  Again, nonsense.    http://select.nytimes.com/gst/abstract.html?res=FB0816FE3E5E0C7B8EDDAF0894DD404482 ^Justices Rule Police Do Not Have a Constitutional Duty to Protect Someone
Our gun crime is, compared to many other Western countries, low. We have guns, just not very many.   Protect me from who and what? You might have roaming armed gangs on the streets (at times), but we certainly don't. You can compare our two countries' crime rates if you want to and see why many in the UK see no need for guns.  -Wez I think you are blatantly overlooking(probably on purpose)the fact my statements were made in regards to some sort of natural disaster taking place in your location and the ensuing chaos that would follow.  One of these days I bet reality will end up biting you on the butt.
What kind of natural disaster?  I don't know..why don't you make one up?  we won't have gangs armed with guns roaming the streets.  -Wez  You won't? You already have a gun problem in the UK and it's linked to the gangs. I guess the criminals will become model citizens in a time of need and pitch in to lend a hand with whatever debris removal and search efforts are needed. That is unless they are out looting and causing general mayhem.....
That's sort of the point: I can't. We're not prone to natural disasters on the same scale as those in the US.   News to me. I haven't heard that we have a gang or gun problem.  -Wez  Click here: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/810522.stm  Murder in your country is lower, but your not safer.  Plus you still have a problem with guns: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/low/uk/864648.stm
Click here: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/810522.stm  Murder in your country is lower, but your not safer.  Go on, I please elaborate further. How exactly are we not "safer" here in the UK compared to the US?  Plus you still have a problem with guns: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/low/uk/864648.stm  Absolutely, there is a gun crime problem in the UK, heck a copper was shot and killed a mile from where I live a couple of years back.  Thing is, that is (thankfully) a very rare occurence here, how many American Police Officers are shot and killed each year? While there is a problem, it is on a different magnitude to what happens Stateside.
Go on, I please elaborate further. How exactly are we not "safer" here in the UK compared to the US?    Absolutely, there is a gun crime problem in the UK, heck a copper was shot and killed a mile from where I live a couple of years back.  Thing is, that is (thankfully) a very rare occurence here, how many American Police Officers are shot and killed each year? While there is a problem, it is on a different magnitude to what happens Stateside.  I live just outside of Detroit, one of the highest crime-ridden cities in the US and I don't recall any cops being shot within a mile of my house. I guess that means that you do live in a more dangerous area than me, huh. emoticon_rolleyes
I live just outside of Detroit, one of the highest crime-ridden cities in the US and I don't recall any cops being shot within a mile of my house. I guess that means that you do live in a more dangerous area than me, huh. emoticon_rolleyes  I thought we were discussing how dangerous the country was?  But as you asked, here you go:  http://www.detnews.com/2004/metro/0407/14/metro-212683.htm  From 1990 to 1999 201 Officers were killed in Detriot in the Line of Duty (In the whole of the UK in the same period 18 Officers were killed on duty).  http://home1.gte.net/vzn05sxc/lawfacts.htm  and if we look across the US as a whole:  http://www.njlawman.com/2002_line_of_duty_deaths.htm  Just how many of those dead Officers were shot?
I thought we were discussing how dangerous the country was?  But as you asked, here you go:  http://www.detnews.com/2004/metro/0407/14/metro-212683.htm  From 1990 to 1999 201 Officers were killed in Detriot in the Line of Duty (In the whole of the UK in the same period 18 Officers were killed on duty).  http://home1.gte.net/vzn05sxc/lawfacts.htm  and if we look across the US as a whole:  http://www.njlawman.com/2002_line_of_duty_deaths.htm  Just how many of those dead Officers were shot?  I guess that my sarcasm was wasted on you. I stated "within a mile of my house". I live ~6 miles from the edge of Detroit. No cops killed around here. We suburbanites are well-armed. :)
I guess that my sarcasm was wasted on you. I stated "within a mile of my house". I live ~6 miles from the edge of Detroit. No cops killed around here. We suburbanites are well-armed. :)  You have to increase distances by a factor of at least 10 when comparing the UK to US emoticon_smile
You have to increase distances by a factor of at least 10 when comparing the UK to US emoticon_smile  Is that because your roads are so bad or that your lawnmowered powered cars aren't quick enough? :)
Is that because your roads are so bad or that your lawnmowered powered cars aren't quick enough? :)  I like my lawnmower. I can drive it to work without combusting half of the Saudi oil reserves in the process ;)
I like my lawnmower. I can drive it to work without combusting half of the Saudi oil reserves in the process ;)  Wimpmobile. :p
Wimpmobile. :p  Oh come on, you can do better than that!
Oh come on, you can do better than that!  LOL. You know what they say about the Mini Cooper here in Detroit? "It's cute". Cute, just like a little puppy dog. That's not praise for a motor vehicle.:)
LOL. You know what they say about the Mini Cooper here in Detroit? "It's cute". Cute, just like a little puppy dog. That's not praise for a motor vehicle.:)  In light of Ford and GM problems, it's difficult to consider Detroit the oracle on vehicles.
LOL. You know what they say about the Mini Cooper here in Detroit? "It's cute". Cute, just like a little puppy dog. That's not praise for a motor vehicle.:)  The new Mini? As I last heard it was a highly successful product.... when first released the value of second hand examples actually exceeded list price for 12 months because demand was so high. BMW are onto a winner with that one.  Anyway, whoever said cars couldn't be cute? :p
The new Mini? As I last heard it was a highly successful product.... when first released the value of second hand examples actually exceeded list price for 12 months because demand was so high. BMW are onto a winner with that one. JP Powers rates it a 2 out of 5 on quality. 3 is average.  Anyway, whoever said cars couldn't be cute? :p It's a "gurly car" as Arnold would say. :)
In light of Ford and GM problems, it's difficult to consider Detroit the oracle on vehicles.  I guess that you haven't been paying attention to new car quality ratings.emoticon_rolleyes
I guess that you haven't been paying attention to new car quality ratings.emoticon_rolleyes  It does not matter how they rate if they cannot stay in business to manufacture them.  After 30 years of pawning junk on the American public, it will take a LONG, LONG time to turn around their well earned reputation for building garbage.
I guess that you haven't been paying attention to new car quality ratings.emoticon_rolleyes  Too late. The only people around here I see driving new GM products (other than P/U trucks) with temp paper plates were probably on active duty in WW2.
Too late. The only people around here I see driving new GM products (other than P/U trucks) with temp paper plates were probably on active duty in WW2.  Well, I'm not surprised. The Left Coast rarely gets anything right. :)  BTW, GM still has over 25% of the domestic vehicle market and it didn't get it by selling econoboxes like the Japanese did.
It does not matter how they rate if they cannot stay in business to manufacture them.  After 30 years of pawning junk on the American public, it will take a LONG, LONG time to turn around their well earned reputation for building garbage.  Ever drive a Datsun in the past? Now, THAT was junk. Why do you think they changed their name to "Nissan"? I do agree that the Big Three did make some junk in the past, but that's definitely not the case any more.
Well, I'm not surprised. The Left Coast rarely gets anything right. :)  BTW, GM still has over 25% of the domestic vehicle market and it didn't get it by selling econoboxes like the Japanese did.  That's down from near 60% in the '60s?
Ever drive a Datsun in the past? Now, THAT was junk. Why do you think they changed their name to "Nissan"? I do agree that the Big Three did make some junk in the past, but that's definitely not the case any more.  The japanese started in the market as cheap, entry level vehicles. They spent the next 30 years building a reputation as the most reliable vehicles on the road.  American manufacturers, on the other hand, spent 30 years trying to figure out ways to cheapen their product. Their quality was garbage and they knew it, but there was not a lot of option for a long time. When the japanese imports finally got it "right", it was too late for American automakers. They had flusheed their reputation down the toilet. Now they seem to think that they can make decent cars for a few years and everythign will be OK. Not so. They screwed the American public for too many years for peopel to just forget all about it.  Quality? My mother in law drives a toyota camry with 420,000 miles on it. I just took our windstar minivan with 21,000 miles in for a new transmission. Good timing, though, becuse I just got my avalanche back (11,400) miles. It needed a new engine. Our local dealer tells me that this is not uncommon with the avalanche.  I knew better than to buy American garbage, but I went ahead and bought US trash instead of well built imports. I will not make the mistake again.
That's down from near 60% in the '60s?  In the 60's there were TWO other competitors. There are over 10 now. 25% of a highly competitive market in which your costs exceed at least 7 of your competitors isn't all that bad. I'd gladly take 25% of a 15 million vehicle market. Add to that the fact that GM is the largest manufacturer in China (who just became the third largest world market) and their future isn't totally bleak.
The japanese started in the market as cheap, entry level vehicles. They spent the next 30 years building a reputation as the most reliable vehicles on the road.  American manufacturers, on the other hand, spent 30 years trying to figure out ways to cheapen their product. Their quality was garbage and they knew it, but there was not a lot of option for a long time. When the japanese imports finally got it "right", it was too late for American automakers. They had flusheed their reputation down the toilet. Now they seem to think that they can make decent cars for a few years and everythign will be OK. Not so. They screwed the American public for too many years for peopel to just forget all about it.  Quality? My mother in law drives a toyota camry with 420,000 miles on it. I just took our windstar minivan with 21,000 miles in for a new transmission. Good timing, though, becuse I just got my avalanche back (11,400) miles. It needed a new engine. Our local dealer tells me that this is not uncommon with the avalanche.  I knew better than to buy American garbage, but I went ahead and bought US trash instead of well built imports. I will not make the mistake again.  Your Mother-in-law's Camry was most likely built in Kentucky, not Japan. The Honda Civics are made in Ohio, not Japan......so where's the quality really coming from? emoticon_confused
In the 60's there were TWO other competitors. There are over 10 now. 25% of a highly competitive market in which your costs exceed at least 7 of your competitors isn't all that bad. I'd gladly take 25% of a 15 million vehicle market. Add to that the fact that GM is the largest manufacturer in China (who just became the third largest world market) and their future isn't totally bleak.  I consider the future bleak for any company with uncontrollable financial bleeding and management too timid to take the action necessary to resolve those problems. As does the financial community, the lifeblood of any public company.
Guns are MORE Dangerous than knivesemoticon_xgood   Here is that November Scientific American article, his book "Citizen's Guide to Gun Contrpl says Guns are MORE Dangerous than knives  A quote from his book: "The death rate from gun robberies is at least three times as high as the death rate from knife robberies"  And an extract from a table in the book  Gun 81  Knife 13    Now does that say something?  Facts are Facts !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!     -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- *:-.,_,.-:*'``'*:-.,_,.-:*'``'*:-.,  "Does a gunbuyback Work?  Do Bears #### in the Woods?   Aussie gun controls have made remarkable  reductions in gun deaths A Gun was involved in 18% of  murders, 10% of murders and 5% of robberies. These falling figures are  the lowest on record .  Visit  http://www.goodbyeguns.org/   *  Oh sorry officer............. I Didn't know the Gun was loaded  They had a gun buyback program in Chicago. Amazingly, young punk kids began showing up with expensive collector quality guns...stolen from other peoples' collections.:xbanghead
They had a gun buyback program in Chicago. Amazingly, young punk kids began showing up with expensive collector quality guns...stolen from other peoples' collections.:xbanghead  More than one US city has sponsored buyback programs, until they discovered people were buying $50 guns for the $150 redemption program.
Guns are MORE Dangerous than knivesemoticon_xgood    Here is that November Scientific American article, his book "Citizen's Guide to Gun Contrpl says Guns are MORE Dangerous than knives  A quote from his book: "The death rate from gun robberies is at least three times as high as the death rate from knife robberies"  And an extract from a table in the book  Gun 81  Knife 13    Now does that say something?  Facts are Facts !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   In that case, South Africa, where illegal posession of a firearm can net you the death penalty, should be the safest place on the planet. If you visit to test out that theory, make sure you pay the extra $30 for the rental car with the onboard flamethrower, becuse contrary to your (frankly idiotic) ideals, S africa has the highest crime rate in the western world, and the higest murder rate, firearms or not.  Unfortunatly, most of the places that outlaw guns tend to be terribly dangerous. The people of Rwanda could certainly educate you on the benfitis of firearms ownership. Firearms were outlawed there for years prior to the genocide.   New york city should be a shining example of a gun free, crime free utopia. Next to Washington DC, they have the stirctest anti gun laws in the US. Ironically enought, Washington DC, the only place in the US with stricter gun laws than New York City, ironically is also the only city on the US with a higher crime rate.
I often wonder if American and non-American posters who advocate elimination of private firearms have ever lived in or visited Washington DC, NYC or other metropolitan cities that contain virtual war zones avoided by the wary and LE.
More than one US city has sponsored buyback programs, until they discovered people were buying $50 guns for the $150 redemption program.  LOL. You mean that folks are not deciding to give up their life of crime for $150 and a coupon for a free pizza?  My town has a gun buyback program. The Sheriffs department will give you $25-$50 for any gun brought in. They auction them (to the public) once a year. Proceeds go to fund a gun safety class they give to local school kids.   Of course, that is the midwest, where we still do that whole "common sense" thing and recognize that since a criminal is, by definiton, somebody who does not obey the law, then passing a law that is supposed to have a real effect on criminals is just idiotic. You need a comittee to be that stupid, and we leave that kind of thing to "city folk".
I often wonder if American and non-American posters who advocate elimination of private firearms have ever lived in or visited Washington DC, NYC or other metropolitan cities that contain virtual war zones avoided by the wary and LE.  Even Kansas City, a relatively civilized place, has parts that police officers simply will not enter after dark.   There is a cycle that is crystal clear and inexcusable throughout history in societies that deprive their citizens of arms, be they firearms, swords, muskets, whatever. Initially, such measures seem to work. It does not take long before the criminal element is emboldened, knowing that they have nothign to fear from the unarmed populace. Crime increases, and the power of the state is increased in a futile attempt to control that crime. Crime increases further (since it is an XXXXXX notion that any government can protect its citizens from crime) and mor epower is sucked up to combat it. No matter how much power the government unlimatly ends up with in the name of securing its populace, and no matter how complete the disarmament of the law abiding public is, they never manage to get crime back under control. This has been true through all of recorded history.
Even Kansas City, a relatively civilized place, has parts that police officers simply will not enter after dark.   There is a cycle that is crystal clear and inexcusable throughout history in societies that deprive their citizens of arms, be they firearms, swords, muskets, whatever. Initially, such measures seem to work. It does not take long before the criminal element is emboldened, knowing that they have nothign to fear from the unarmed populace. Crime increases, and the power of the state is increased in a futile attempt to control that crime. Crime increases further (since it is an XXXXXX notion that any government can protect its citizens from crime) and mor epower is sucked up to combat it. No matter how much power the government unlimatly ends up with in the name of securing its populace, and no matter how complete the disarmament of the law abiding public is, they never manage to get crime back under control. This has been true through all of recorded history.   My home and family are protected by a variety of people. Mr. Winchester, Remmington, Colt, LC Smith and a host of their associates are on duty 24/7. emoticon_xkill
emoticon_xbye hi! We are 2 dutch students and we dont get why almost everybody here want's a gun. In the Netherlands having a gun is a crime. And we think thats really good, cause you see the results in the US. Kids killing each other with daddy's gun, and we think that when you own a gun the proberbility to use it is always much closer then when you don't own a gun. emoticon_xkill  A lot of people feel safer when they have got a gun in their home, cause then you always can use it, even when you are drunk or something like that. And you are always thinking about<b></b>: "when should i use my gun". emoticon_confused  So. people don't buy a gun! what's the use?!  Just make sure that you do'nt get in any problems. Greets, Joszi (age:16) Bram (age:16) Nijmegen, The Netherlands (best country to live) Maybe someone already said this but, problem is, we cant let the government take away any of our rights.  Once they start doing that it would set precedence and who knows were it would end.  Personally I wouldn't own a gun for self defense because I am just not that big of a sissy.
 Personally I wouldn't own a gun for self defense because I am just not that big of a sissy.  Because taking responsibility for ones own safety is certainly a sissy thing to do??? emoticon_confused
Maybe someone already said this but, problem is, we cant let the government take away any of our rights.  Once they start doing that it would set precedence and who knows were it would end.  Personally I wouldn't own a gun for self defense because I am just not that big of a sissy.  You know what they call people like you?           Victims. emoticon_xkill
Because taking responsibility for ones own safety is certainly a sissy thing to do??? emoticon_confused That sounds like something a sissy would say!  By the way, emoticon_confused suits you.
You know what they call people like you?           Victims. emoticon_xkill Actually, that's what they call most of the people that come in to contact with me.
That sounds like something a sissy would say!  By the way, confused suits you.  Ah yes, the third member of the Troll Trio. Sorry to hear that your buddy was banned. emoticon_xgood
Actually, that's what they call most of the people that come in to contact with me.  What do you do, roll them in parking lots? :p
What do you do, roll them in parking lots? :p No.  I eat them.
No.  I eat them.  Good thing I carry a silver bullet, garlic and a cross then. emoticon_xangel
Good thing I carry a silver bullet, garlic and a cross then. emoticon_xangel It will not help you now.
That sounds like something a sissy would say!  By the way, emoticon_confused suits you.  Can you actually defend this position?
Can you actually defend this position? Abso lutely.  If you buy a handgun for self defense your more likely to shoot yourself with it then you are to ever use it to stop an attacker.  Its not my opinion.  It's a statistic.  So you see your point is moot.  And I will not hear any B S about statistics, because I have actually shout myself, so you would be wasting your time.
Abso lutely.  If you buy a handgun for self defense your more likely to shoot yourself with it then you are to ever use it to stop an attacker.  Its not my opinion.  It's a statistic.  So you see your point is moot.  And I will not hear any B S about statistics, because I have actually shout myself, so you would be wasting your time.  How does this equate to being a "sissy" if you own a gun for self defense?  Actually, if you buy a gun for self defense, the most likely outcome is that you will never shoot ANYBODY with it. Next in line is that you will use it in self defense, most likely after that is that you will intentionally shoot yourself with it (suicide) and finally, there is a very slim chance that you will accidentaly shoot yourself with it. Ironically enough, nearly 90% of accidental self inflicted gunshot wounds are cops who for whatever reason can't seem to remember basic safety rules when dealing with firearms.  This isn't really a valid argument. Whether you want to kill yourself or not has little bearing on the issue at hand and thsoe who accidentally shot themselves...well...a little chlorine in the gene pool isn't always a bad thing. I mean, a gun is not a particularly complicated piece of machinery, and there is really only one dangerous end. If you can't figure out how to operate it without shooting yourself, any offspring youare likely to have would just serve to further the geentic degredation of the human race. The last thing we need is more XXXXXX breeding.
How does this equate to being a "sissy" if you own a gun for self defense?  Actually, if you buy a gun for self defense, the most likely outcome is that you will never shoot ANYBODY with it. Next in line is that you will use it in self defense, most likely after that is that you will intentionally shoot yourself with it (suicide) and finally, there is a very slim chance that you will accidentaly shoot yourself with it. Ironically enough, nearly 90% of accidental self inflicted gunshot wounds are cops who for whatever reason can't seem to remember basic safety rules when dealing with firearms.  This isn't really a valid argument. Whether you want to kill yourself or not has little bearing on the issue at hand and thsoe who accidentally shot themselves...well...a little chlorine in the gene pool isn't always a bad thing. I mean, a gun is not a particularly complicated piece of machinery, and there is really only one dangerous end. If you can't figure out how to operate it without shooting yourself, any offspring youare likely to have would just serve to further the geentic degredation of the human race. The last thing we need is more XXXXXX breeding. If you buy a gun for self defense, the most likely outcome is that you will never shoot anybody with it?  Why buy one in the first place?  Sounds paranoid to me.
If you buy a gun for self defense, the most likely outcome is that you will never shoot anybody with it?  Why buy one in the first place?  Sounds paranoid to me.  believe it or not, some people actually enjoy shooting as a hobby. Although I haven't shot in years, I like knowing that when the spirit moves me, I can. In the meantime, anybody that tries to break into my house will suffer acute lead poisoning, guaranteed. BTW, my brother actually used his gun to prevent a burgulry of his house. His wife woke him up as someone was trying to get in the front door. My brother threw open the door holding a gun in his hand and the perp damn near shat himself. emoticon_wow
If you buy a gun for self defense, the most likely outcome is that you will never shoot anybody with it?  Why buy one in the first place?  Sounds paranoid to me.  The vast majority of vehicles never need their spare tire. Do you throw it away, or haul it around in the trunk because only a complete idiot runs around without a spare?   A gun is the same way. You hope you never need it, and odds are that you won't. BUT, when you DO need it, you need it RIGHT NOW, you need it REALLY BAD, and nothing else will substitute quite as well.   Is is paranoid to accept that there are bad people in this world, and that if you come up against one of them, nobody is going to be able to help you but you? No. That is simply reality. To refuse to accept that is delusional at best.   Basically, if you are willing to take a long hard look at the world, accept the fact that there are some unsavory elements in it, and take responsibility for ensuring your own safety, and the safety of your loved ones, then you should probably have a gun. If, on the other hand, you prefer to pretend that the world is all flowers and sunshine, or are too cowardly or insecure to take responsibility for your family, then you probably don't need one.  Besides, as JP points out, shooting can be fun. I have participated in multiple mistol events and machine gun shoots, and they are always a good time. I have a pretty good sized gun collection ranging from italian dueling pistols to M-60 machine guns.   In many cases, your guns are also a good investment, especially when it comes to machine guns. My wife about blew her top at one time because I spent a small fortune on a crate of M-60 machine guns. Those guns are now worth about 20x what I paid for them.
If you buy a gun for self defense, the most likely outcome is that you will never shoot anybody with it?  Why buy one in the first place?  Sounds paranoid to me.   Most likely no one will try to break into your house. Do you still lock your door? Most likely you'll never get into a major car accident. Do you still wear a seatbelt? Most people won't have their house get destroyed. Do you still buy insurance? Are you just paranoid?
Over all it's safer for you and your family NOT to own a hand gun, period.   Even so, I am still OPPOSED to gun control as I stated previously.  You see, I want people like you guys and every god fearing redneck on earth to own hand guns, lots of them.  You need one or two for every room in the house and keep em loaded!  (A little chlorine in the gene pool isnt always a bad thing.)
Over all it's safer for you and your family NOT to own a hand gun, period.   WRONG. We already covered this. Even if we go with your wording, which forces us to use shootings as opposed to defensive use in general (which would be a more proper measure) you are still statistically safer having a gun than not.  In reality, the number of accidental shootings is very low. It looks like a big number, because you are working from a pool of 300,000,000 people. In 2001, there were only 804 accidental shooting deaths nationwide. That is .00000268% of the population.   Lott ahs a bit about accidental shootings at http://www.lewrockwell.com/lott/lott19.html He DID miss something, though. In addition to cars and bathtubs, toilets and 5 gallon buckets also kill more children than guns do, and certainly kill MANY more accidentally.
Most likely no one will try to break into your house. Do you still lock your door? Most likely you'll never get into a major car accident. Do you still wear a seatbelt? Most people won't have their house get destroyed. Do you still buy insurance? Are you just paranoid?  Exactly the way I look at gun ownership for personal protection. I may never need them for that purpose, but like other forms of readily available and inexpensive insurance I'd have only myself to blame for being without it in a time of need.
The vast majority of vehicles never need their spare tire. Do you throw it away, or haul it around in the trunk because only a complete idiot runs around without a spare?   watch it, buddy. I don't carry a spare in my Z28. First, I'd have to carry two since my fronts are considerably narrower than my rear tires and my rear tires are too big for my trunk. (And my NOx bottle sits in the spare tire well. )  ........  Besides, as JP points out, shooting can be fun. I have participated in multiple mistol events and machine gun shoots, and they are always a good time. I have a pretty good sized gun collection ranging from italian dueling pistols to M-60 machine guns.   In many cases, your guns are also a good investment, especially when it comes to machine guns. My wife about blew her top at one time because I spent a small fortune on a crate of M-60 machine guns. Those guns are now worth about 20x what I paid for them.  My brother would love to see your collection. He collects military arms, statring with a Custer era Sharps Carbine and a pair of Trapdoor Springfield 45/70's up to M16 style arms. He also has a nice Broomhandle Mauser. emoticon_xgood emoticon_xkill
Over all it's safer for you and your family NOT to own a hand gun, period.   oh really? You have statistics or any support whatsoever?   Even so, I am still OPPOSED to gun control as I stated previously.  You see, I want people like you guys and every god fearing redneck on earth to own hand guns, lots of them.   Right, because the only people who own guns are god-fearing rednecks, right? emoticon_ic   You need one or two for every room in the house and keep em loaded!  (A little chlorine in the gene pool isnt always a bad thing.)  How would keeping loaded guns in the house (barring other people coming in and using them against the owner of the house) in any way hurt the safety of the owner of the house? If they have to use it in self-defense it's probably more likely they'll be hurt by an intruder's weapon. Again, statistics please?
watch it, buddy. I don't carry a spare in my Z28. First, I'd have to carry two since my fronts are considerably narrower than my rear tires and my rear tires are too big for my trunk. (And my NOx bottle sits in the spare tire well. )   Actually I don't think I have a spare tire either. Basically the dealer tightens them so much that we literally can't get the tires off without their equipment. We found that out last time we needed new tires. Luckily the tires were still ok to drive on, so we drove in and had them change the tires.
Your paranoid. so he is paranoid for preparing to defend himself and famlie from an armed assalent, but wanting to remove gun from law abiding people, couse we might hurt someone, isn't?
"Actually, gun control criminalizes the civilian population. There is absolutely, positively no such thing as liberty in the absence of serious firepower. For liberty to exist, the civilian population MUST have equal or greater means by which to project force than the government. That is a condition that must be met, otherwise liberty begins to be limited.  Gun control is the theory of subserviance to a government power. The idea that one actually has the right to project force in defense of themselves or for the preservation of their liberty is despised by many.   Most Americans believe that you do not have the right to project force. This is because the government has worked hard over the last 150 years to mold society into that way of thinking.  It criminalizes citizens because it criminalizes the WILL of the people. It makes it against the law for you to have an opinion, or even to have a say in your own life. People don't get it at all. They say, "you're wrong, you can still vote"..But that's nonsense. You have ZERO rights the moment you LOSE the ability to force the government to do the will of the people. When you lose that ability, all rights instantly become privileges given to you by the state.  The only way not to be a criminal is to not harbor such thoughts. In order to do that, you must become a slave of the state. They own your property, they own your money, they own your life. You pay rent to own your home in the form of property taxation, if you don't pay, they take it away. Do you really "own" it? No. You can be drafted to fight in a war against your will. If you don't go, you will be sent to prison. This is slavery. You have no control over your own life - it belongs to them. Either your physical life and body will be used against your will, or you will be caged like an animal, in which case you are being denied life. In either situation, your life is taken away from you against your will.  You can stand up to this, but you will be arrested and you will lose in THEIR courts. You can recognize this fact, and stand up to being arrested. They will then use force to arrest you. You can use force to resist arrest. They will then try and kill you. The logical conclusion of liberty is the use of force to defend it. Each side will up the ante until it comes down to one side is going to end up dead. If neither side compromises or gives in, the matter MUST be settled by force. That's sad, that we live in a world where liberty is challenged by the threat of lethal force. Your life is used against you to limit your liberty.   We basically live in a world where they force you to kil them because that is how relentless their tyrannical agenda is. We don't do that though. Instead, we take the abuses. However, we like to reserve the means by which we can resist IF the abuses become too great, or our threshold of tolerance is reached.   That it why it is crucial that the civilian population maintain its Right to keep and bear arms. This is why gun-control is the central enemy of a free society."  "Gun control is the misguided belief that passing laws with minor penalties will do anything to dissuade people who are willing to break laws with capital penalties."   I dont blame you, you are just misinformed. But remember, being an ANTI doesnt make you ignorant, it just classifys you as right or wrong.  Without guns, violent crime skyrockets, but that doesnt matter. Even if violent crime dropped because of gun control, you cannot take guns away from us. It is our god given right to defend ourselves, and you cant take them away from us no matter how much you hate them.  You'd probably change your mind when armed thugs break into your house and club you over the head. You wake up at gun point only to find them taking turns raping your 13 year old daughter. Sound far fetched? It happened to my cousin, and something similar happened to my uncle.
"Actually, gun control criminalizes the civilian population. There is absolutely, positively no such thing as liberty in the absence of serious firepower. For liberty to exist, the civilian population MUST have equal or greater means by which to project force than the government. That is a condition that must be met, otherwise liberty begins to be limited.  Gun control is the theory of subserviance to a government power. The idea that one actually has the right to project force in defense of themselves or for the preservation of their liberty is despised by many.   Most Americans believe that you do not have the right to project force. This is because the government has worked hard over the last 150 years to mold society into that way of thinking.  It criminalizes citizens because it criminalizes the WILL of the people. It makes it against the law for you to have an opinion, or even to have a say in your own life. People don't get it at all. They say, "you're wrong, you can still vote"..But that's nonsense. You have ZERO rights the moment you LOSE the ability to force the government to do the will of the people. When you lose that ability, all rights instantly become privileges given to you by the state.  The only way not to be a criminal is to not harbor such thoughts. In order to do that, you must become a slave of the state. They own your property, they own your money, they own your life. You pay rent to own your home in the form of property taxation, if you don't pay, they take it away. Do you really "own" it? No. You can be drafted to fight in a war against your will. If you don't go, you will be sent to prison. This is slavery. You have no control over your own life - it belongs to them. Either your physical life and body will be used against your will, or you will be caged like an animal, in which case you are being denied life. In either situation, your life is taken away from you against your will.  You can stand up to this, but you will be arrested and you will lose in THEIR courts. You can recognize this fact, and stand up to being arrested. They will then use force to arrest you. You can use force to resist arrest. They will then try and kill you. The logical conclusion of liberty is the use of force to defend it. Each side will up the ante until it comes down to one side is going to end up dead. If neither side compromises or gives in, the matter MUST be settled by force. That's sad, that we live in a world where liberty is challenged by the threat of lethal force. Your life is used against you to limit your liberty.   We basically live in a world where they force you to kil them because that is how relentless their tyrannical agenda is. We don't do that though. Instead, we take the abuses. However, we like to reserve the means by which we can resist IF the abuses become too great, or our threshold of tolerance is reached.   That it why it is crucial that the civilian population maintain its Right to keep and bear arms. This is why gun-control is the central enemy of a free society."  "Gun control is the misguided belief that passing laws with minor penalties will do anything to dissuade people who are willing to break laws with capital penalties."   I dont blame you, you are just misinformed. But remember, being an ANTI doesnt make you ignorant, it just classifys you as right or wrong.  Without guns, violent crime skyrockets, but that doesnt matter. Even if violent crime dropped because of gun control, you cannot take guns away from us. It is our god given right to defend ourselves, and you cant take them away from us no matter how much you hate them.  You'd probably change your mind when armed thugs break into your house and club you over the head. You wake up at gun point only to find them taking turns raping your 13 year old daughter. Sound far fetched? It happened to my cousin, and something similar happened to my uncle. Your argument asks me to believe some things, which can not be defended.  How do you plan to deal with that?
Your argument asks me to believe some things, which can not be defended.  How do you plan to deal with that?   Your opinion.
.....  You'd probably change your mind when armed thugs break into your house and club you over the head. You wake up at gun point only to find them taking turns raping your 13 year old daughter. Sound far fetched? It happened to my cousin, and something similar happened to my uncle.  That's horrible. B ut tell me, with that experience in your family, how come you still consider yourself a liberal? Most liberals become conservatives after a family member has been the victim of a crime.emoticon_confused
That's horrible. B ut tell me, with that experience in your family, how come you still consider yourself a liberal? Most liberals become conservatives after a family member has been the victim of a crime.emoticon_confused  Actually, im a little bit more on the liberterian side. I believe in most liberaterian ideas, but i do believe in some Liberal ideas too. Sorry, shouldve stated that earlier.
If the need for self-protection were removed would you then be for hand gun control or elimination of handguns? :)  Defonitaly not. Its an unaliable right of the people's, given to us in the constitution. Saying that we need guns to defend ourselves from burglars etc is a bad argument (even though i used it), because it suggests that gun control is OK if the need for self defense were eliminated. The #1 problem i have with gun control is that it violates the people's rights directly. Even though the founding fathers existed long ago, it was pretty much the same, and they knew this would happen. With gun control, murders will probably go down just a little, but violent crimes, such as Rape, sexual assult etc, robbery, burglary, and assult will skyrocket. I really dont know what HCI is trying to accomplish.  Gun control is a free society's worst enemy.  "Those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety."   -Benjamin Franklin
Let's be honest here, you don't want gun control because guns are your hobby, period.  You guys are the only group of Americans whose hobby is protected by the constitution.   Not true. Drinkers' hobby is protected by the Constitution. The repeal of Prohibition. emoticon_xhoho
Let's be honest here, you don't want gun control because guns are your hobby, period.  You guys are the only group of Americans whose hobby is protected by the constitution.  and writers  and speakers  and musicians  and religious people
Let's be honest here, you don't want gun control because guns are your hobby, period.  You guys are the only group of Americans whose hobby is protected by the constitution.  Wow, some serious ignorance is on this forum. You think that we want guns legal because its merely "our hobby"? It way more serious than that buddy.
Let's be honest here, you don't want gun control because guns are your hobby, period. who's responsibility is it to keep my famliy seaf from an armed intruder?  according to case law, it is mine, not the police's.
who's responsibility is it to keep my famliy seaf from an armed intruder?  according to case law, it is mine, not the police's.  I agree, self defense is NOT a hobby.
if there were no guns, there would be no armed intruders.  They do still allow knives Down Under, don't they? emoticon_confused
I wouldn't call it a hobby, I would call it an inferiority complex. In Australia and most of the world, men do not need guns to feel 'macho'.  We don't need them to fell macho, either. We just happen to believe in personal freedom more than you do. emoticon_xgood
if there were no guns, there would be no armed intruders.  and how woould you recomend my 100 lb wife protece the kids from a 300lb atacker with a baceball bat?  or my paraplegic brother-in-law defend himself from anyone outside of arms reach?   I would call it an inferiority complex. In Australia and most of the world, men do not need guns to feel 'macho'. and i do not here in america. i enjoy shooting, it is my perferd martial art.
if there were no guns, there would be no armed intruders.  Of course there would be armed intruders you (insert something here).  You think a gun control law would stop them from breaking into your house?
I wouldn't call it a hobby, I would call it an inferiority complex. In Australia and most of the world, men do not need guns to feel 'macho'.  You obviously know nothing on this matter, and most of your posts are useless clutter. Once you have finished your homework, we can have a real debate.
so you don't like my opinions on gun control, are you going to shoot me?  No need to shoot you. Since we know that you won't be carrying a gun, we could beat you over the head with a ubiquitous tire iron with impunity. :)
I think you're right; it is more serious than just a hobby. It is ingrained in the American culture from its inception. America has an obsession with guns. Guns and violence appear in every form of art and entertainment; it is engrained in the culture as a symbol of power, freedom and even sensuality. Every boy grows up learning violence from TV and games, where violence is glorified. Problems are always solved with violence. Charlton Heston said that the reason Americans need there guns is because America was founded in violence. The old Wild West movies depict the beginning of a gun-ho America where everything is settled with the gun. Today we have an America that is equally as gun-ho but at an international scale with MOABS, cluster bombs, Tomahawk missiles, napalm bombs and nuclear weapons. "I love napalm in the morning" for example, is every American's favourite movie line.  First of all, what the heck is "gun-ho"? I think the term you were looking for is "gung-ho" which is a term borrowed from the Chinese meaning "enthusiastic." It has absolutely nothing whatsoever to do with actual firearms. Secondly, are you really ignorant enough to believe that only American culture has violence in TV and video games? Japanese CARTOONS depict graphic violence and even sex frequently. Have you actually read anything about the real old west or do you get all your information from movies? You sound like a whiny, angry, anti-American that has no clue what you are even talking about. This is clearly displayed by your last line which you make an idiotic generalization about every American's favorite movie line. Do you know every American personally? By the way, the line is "I love the smell of napalm in the morning."
I think you're right; it is more serious than just a hobby. It is ingrained in the American culture from its inception. America has an obsession with guns. Guns and violence appear in every form of art and entertainment; it is engrained in the culture as a symbol of power, freedom and even sensuality. Every boy grows up learning violence from TV and games, where violence is glorified. Problems are always solved with violence. Charlton Heston said that the reason Americans need there guns is because America was founded in violence. The old Wild West movies depict the beginning of a gun-ho America where everything is settled with the gun. Today we have an America that is equally as gun-ho but at an international scale with MOABS, cluster bombs, Tomahawk missiles, napalm bombs and nuclear weapons. "I love napalm in the morning" for example, is every American's favourite movie line.  Do not attempt to associate the gun with violence. A gun is a life saving tool in the hands of a great citizen, and in the hands of a criminal, its deadly. Guns have no effect on crime, as statistics have shown. Violence does. Why do you view the gun different than any other tool, such as a screwdriver, or a hammer? Airplanes are much more dangerous, and have the possibility to do much more harm than guns, so why arent you associating airplanes with violence?  A gun is an inaminate object. There is a difference between a gun and a bomb. A bomb wipes out everyone in a set area, and you cannot control who dies. With a gun, you know excatlcy who you are shooting, and you cannot kill more than 1 or 2 people with 1 bullet. I really dont understand why Anti-gun zealots dont go after banning cars, or airplanes, or other dangerous machines.  You are one of the people the Brady Campaign has brainwashed. You associate guns with "bad" or "violence" when they are far from it. A gun is a tool, and everyone should learn how to use that tool safely. It is also our freedom.  Remember the holocaust? Imagine what would've happened if all of the jews had guns. There probably wouldn't have been as many jews tortured and killed, and a lot of germans probably would've had their head blown off, which is good. I also dont see why Anti-gun zealots arent trying to clamp down on crime instead of guns.    http://www.putfile.com/pic.php?img=3706480
The USA spends more money in weaponry than the rest of the world combined. It's obsession with guns harks back to its war of Independence. It's insecurity has spread thru the American psyche across the generations like a disease. Americans are a bunch of insecure little boys who think that guns transform them in macho men.  My god, if you were going to lie and try to decieve people, at LEAST try to make it look like the truth. I really have no comment on that, becuase its completely obsurd.  You can have your opinions on these things, but my gun rights arent up for grabs, sorry. No matter whay gun-grabbing zealots such as yourself say.
The USA spends more money in weaponry than the rest of the world combined. It's obsession with guns harks back to its war of Independence. It's insecurity has spread thru the American psyche across the generations like a disease. Americans are a bunch of insecure little boys who think that guns transform them in macho men...  keep your gun, without it you you'd be scared to death. I don't need a gun to feel safe in gun free Australia. This is a civilized peace loving country. Thanks God for that...  What are you? Nuts?  You know that in our 'gun free' society, you are more likely to be a victim of violent crime, armed robbery or homicide than you were before the Howard government tightened the gun laws? I mean, you know we are less safe now, right?  But hey, at least we can rest easy knowing people are only be being bashed and stabbed to death, rather than shot. God Bless Australia, huh?
The USA spends more money in weaponry than the rest of the world combined. link? some thing to back this up?  My opinion is that men with guns are cowards my opinion is that those who refuse to take responsibilty for there own safety are fools who have been lucky so far in life. at some piont you will see something (i hope on TV) that will make you relise that the cops are not there to protect you.  If you need to defend yourself use a pepper-spray. Very effective and doesn't kill anyone. with a limited range, and not useable when directed up wind limits it's effectiveness. that ignores those who it has little to no effect on at all.    Do you really think that the Port Arthur massacre would have happened if the gunman had been armed with only a baseball bat?  do you think that laws will stop criminals from geting guns? if so, then why dosent it work for drugs?
So you want people not only be bashed and stabbed to death but shot dead as well? Of course I feel safer now that Howard tightened our guns control than before. Do you really think that the Port Arthur massacre would have happened if the gunman had been armed with only a baseball bat? Show me the statistic to back your claims that we have more crime now than before the gun control laws and if they are connected to it. Have the deaths caused by guns gone up or down??  You need to understand statistics. A person can commit a violent crime without using a gun. Muggings, burglaries, rapes, assault and battery are all examples of violent crimes that don't require a gun. Guns may be used in such crimes, but often that adds a completely new charge like "assault with a deadly weapon." Please apply some common sense. What do the majority of gun owners use their guns for? Hunting, sport, and self-defense. People who use guns to commit crimes against other citizens are in the minority of the population. Gun laws are only going to harm law-abiding citizens. By definition, laws will not affect the behavior of criminals. If they are obeying the laws, they wouldn't be criminals in the first place, right? Think about it. If you were a criminal, would you rather target somebody who is unarmed or somebody who has a gun?
So you want people not only be bashed and stabbed to death but shot dead as well? Of course I feel safer now that Howard tightened our guns control than before. Do you really think that the Port Arthur massacre would have happened if the gunman had been armed with only a baseball bat?  Do you really think he could have killed 30+ people if they had all been shooting back?  Do you actually believe he legally owned and registered the guns he used?  Do you really think that he would have followed the law in regards to firearms ownership, after he had consciously decided to break the law in regards to murder?  Show me the statistic to back your claims that we have more crime now than before the gun control laws and if they are connected to it.  First you need a few handy facts.  1 - Crimes commited with guns is a meaningless statistic. If X people are killed, then X people are killed, and it doesn't matter if they were shot, or beaten to death with a high-heeled shoe.  2 - Gun laws were tightened in England and Australia in 1996.  After we absorb those two facts, we can then look at rates of reported crime:  http://www.crimestatistics.org.uk/output/Page39.asp  http://www.aic.gov.au/stats/crime/violence.html  By which we can see that rates of violent crime (including assault, homicide and sexual assault) have either remained constant, or actually increased despite the tightening of firearms laws and expensive gun buy-back schemes.  Have the deaths caused by guns gone up or down??  How is that relevant?  If one country has 300 murders, but they were all stabbed, is it a safer country that has fifty murders where the victims were shot? No, of course not.  What if you were to ban guns, and the second country now has sixty murders, who were all stabbed. Deaths caused by guns has dropped by 100%! But the country is still less safe.
The USA spends more money in weaponry than the rest of the world combined. It's obsession with guns harks back to its war of Independence. It's insecurity has spread thru the American psyche across the generations like a disease. Americans are a bunch of insecure little boys who think that guns transform them in macho men.  The US has the world's largest arsenal to protect itself and its allies even if those allies don't have enough sense to defend themselves.  As for your allegation that Americans need guns to become macho, I try not to generalize. If I did, I'd think that all Aussies were drunkard anti-Semites like Mel Gibson. :)
Mel Gibson is American born. he only lived for a few years in Australia He was born in America to an Australian mother and went back to Australia when Mel was 12.  Mel Columcille Gerard Gibson was born on January 3, 1956, in Peekskill, New York, USA as the sixth of eleven children to parents Hutton Gibson, a railroad brakeman, and Ann Gibson, who was born in Australia and died in December of 1990. Though born in the US, Mel and his family moved to New South Wales, Australia. After high school, Mel studied at the University of New South Wales in Sydney, performing at the National Institute of Dramatic Arts alongside future film thespians Judy Davis and Geoffrey Rush. After college, Mel had a few stints on stage and starred in a few TV shows. http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000154/bio 
keep your gun, without it you you'd be scared to death. I don't need a gun to feel safe in gun free Australia. This is a civilized peace loving country. Thanks God for that.  You'll probably change your mind when someone breaks into your house and does something awful to you, then kills you. Happened to 2 family members.
Hi Shootandproud,  Judging by you choice of name and attire, you are obviously obsessed with things that shoot and kill. You say that these are just tools, such as a screwdriver, and that guns and violence are not related. You say that I've been brainwashed yet your arguments come straight from the pro gun lobbyists. The love for guns and military equipment is inherently human. I can understand how an F15 or an Apache helicopter can be seductive, especially to a young mind. Men have a need to be in control with the power to defend themselves, and guns make all men equal. It gives man the ability to feel secure. Without a gun a man feels naked, defenceless, and insecure. My opinion is that men with guns are cowards, and the obsession with guns is perverse.  If you need to defend yourself use a pepper-spray. Very effective and doesn't kill anyone.   Judging by you choice of name and attire, you are obviously obsessed with things that shoot and kill.  Obviously not. Because of your name and picture, i can tell that you are a fat, obsessed with watermelons, and a liberal soccer mom. You cant make that kind of judgement with your picture. Just reading your first sentance i can already tell that you are not qualified for this debate.  You say that these are just tools, such as a screwdriver, and that guns and violence are not related.  You are not putting words in my mouth. I'm saying that you're generalizing guns as "bad" or "violent" when the majority are far from it.  You say that I've been brainwashed yet your arguments come straight from the pro gun lobbyists.  Thats also a bad judgement and a baseless claim. All of your statements are ignorant and lack any bases or facts.  Without a gun a man feels naked, defenceless, and insecure.  Another baseless judgement. I doubt you are a man, and even if you were, you cant generalize like that.  My opinion is that men with guns are cowards, and the obsession with guns is perverse.  Another baseless claim. Boy, i could go on all day. An obsession with a gun is like an obsession with golf, or basketball. Were usually obsessed with guns because they are fun, not for self defense. An obsession with guns is usually an obsession with marksmanship or projectiles, not killing.
Lastly, I will just say: don't get angry at those that are anti-gun or anti-tobacco. We do it on behalf of those that are addicted, for their health and for the health of the nation. i alwas find it ironic that the anti-gun nuts will sit there and tell us of the dangers of a gun, but at the first sign of truble, they call the people with guns.
Ye right. Ok, shooterandproud, I can see I'm not gonna convince you. The allure of guns have you totaly seduced. Besides you give me nothing to respond to. Lastly, I will just say: don't get angry at those that are anti-gun or anti-tobacco. We do it on behalf of those that are addicted, for their health and for the health of the nation.  You are beyond hope. I could be lobbing personal attacks at you, because of the ignorance of your post, but im gonna hold back.  How the heck are guns addictive? Tell me when you can provide some legitimate study that says guns contain nicotine, and then i will believe you. Tobacco has nothing to do with guns. Being the liberatarian i am, i do disagree with the tobacco part, but im not going to get into that. I have given you plenty to respond to, you are just failing to respond.  Even some anti-gunners couldnt help but chuckle at some of your posts. You do not provide sufficiant arguments to counter mine, all you provide is "your addicted to guns", and then you back out. If you dont like our constitution, then leave the US (if you live here). We have a right to keep and bear arms. You dont have to buy a gun, but it doesnt concern you if we do.  What the heck to guns have to do with being "seduced" or "allured". Im sorry, but even though you wish you had some reason to disregard my arguments, you dont, and you're going to have to face the music sooner or later, without zingers like "the allure of guns". Im sorry, but Guns dont "allure" or "seduce" you. Its impossible. You can be addicted or allured to alchohal, sex, drugs, whatever. But im not doing drugs, therefore there is no possible way that im "allured". I dont think you are allured, addicted, or seduced to overly puritanical safety, i just think you are overly ignorant. But "allured" or "seduced" is completely absurd.  I would want to have a real debate with you if you were really debating this issue and had your facts straight, but right now you are running completely on emotion. Maybe something happened when you were a kid, I don't know, but its not my buisness. But you shouldnt let your emotions clout your judgement on these issues.
we call the Police not the vigilantes. Whether the Police use guns or not is irrelevant.  If there were no guns in circulation there would be no need for the Police to pack guns. They already can and do use pepper spray, stun guns etc. Since their introduction in Australia the death caused by the Police shooting at suspects have gone down.  Yes, there would be. What about crossbows or throwing knives? The poliece would be mowed down, and we would be in complete chaos. Remember what it was like before we had guns? Not pretty. Heres some reading material for you:  Clicky
keep your gun, without it you you'd be scared to death. I don't need a gun to feel safe in gun free Australia. This is a civilized peace loving country. Thanks God for that. You might feel safe, but it appears that women in Australia aren't. I guess all those macho gunless males need somebody to beat on. emoticon_rolleyes   The best indicators available to date about the levels of violence against women in Australia are from the 1996 ABS publication Women's Safety Survey and the more recent ABS Personal Safety Survey 2005 that surveyed both men and women. The surveys asked women about their experiences of violence and found that:  5.8 per cent of women had experienced violence in the 12 month period preceding the survey in 2005 compared with 7.1 per cent in 1996 4.7 per cent of these women had experienced physical violence (this includes physical assault and threat of physical assault) in 2005 compared with 5.9 per cent in 1996, and 1.6 per cent had experienced sexual violence (this includes sexual assault and threat of sexual assault) compared to 1.5 per cent in 1996 Of the women who experienced sexual violence during the 12 months prior to the 2005 survey 21 per cent had experienced sexual assault by a previous partner in the most recent incident, and 39 per cent by a family member or friend The 2005 survey also showed that of those women who were physically assaulted in the 12 months prior to the survey, 38 per cent were physically assaulted by their male current or previous partner. Of the women who had experienced violence by a current partner, 10 per cent had a violence order issued against their current partner and of those women who had violence orders issued, 20 per cent reported that violence still occurred. http://www.aph.gov.au/library/intguide/SP/Dom_violence.htm   Now, we all know that we are much more violent in the US, so what are the statistics on domestic violence against women here?  Women experienced intimate partner violence at lower rates in 1998 than in 1993. From 1993 to 1997 the rate of intimate partner violence fell from 9.8 to 7.5 per 1,000 women. In 1998 the rate was virtually unchanged from that in 1997 (7.7 per 1,000 women). http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/pub/ascii/ipv.txt  7.5 per 1000 = ).75%, almost 1/10th of Australia's rate.
I think you should also see this, i posted our conversation on an public message board:  http://thehighroad.org/showpost.php?p=2781270&postcount=20
 we call the Police not the vigilantes.  self defence is not vigilantism  Whether the Police use guns or not is irrelevant. wharever you have to tell your self, i wont correct your delusions.  If there were no guns in circulation there would be no need for the Police to pack guns. unless guns are uninvented, there will be guns in criminal circulation, single shot weapons can be made in a few minutes.  7.5 per 1000 = ).75%, almost 1/10th of Australia's rate. see they dont use guns to feel macho, they can just beat there wifes for that. (instring how where the women do not have the effective means to fight back the abuce rate it higher)  There wouldn't be as many guns in the streets (and there would be less wars) if the Arms industry didn't need to make even more of a profit, and there would be more gun control in America if it didn't bow to the interest of the Arms industry.  so with out the arms industry the second amendment could be ignored?
I can see you're upset with me. Yes, we disagree, but I didn't mean to upset you. I'm sorry if I did. And yes, I made a comparison with the tobacco industry. Unfortunately you misunderstood this as meaning that guns have nicotine. I could've also made a comparison with the alcohol industry. My points are very simple:  1. The allure for guns comes from the way guns and violence are glorified in the arts and entertainment industry (not by accident), just as drinking or smoking cigarettes were once glorified by the same industry. Our children are brought up with the poison of violence from the day they are born. In some European countries for example, sex in movies doesn't offend as much as violence in movies, in the US it's the opposite. This doesn't mean that Americans are more violent than Europeans, but it does show that arts and culture does have an influence on the population.  2. There wouldn't be as many guns in the streets (and there would be less wars) if the Arms industry didn't need to make even more of a profit, and there would be more gun control in America if it didn't bow to the interest of the Arms industry. Unfortunately, most of our lawmakers also have shares in the arms industry, which means that the way things are now; Americans are free game for the Arms industry, just as they were for the tobacco industry, until something was done.  A last word on statistics: statistics would have us believe that more guns leads to less violence. Just the tobacco industry led us to believe that smoking didn't lead to lung cancer.   Oh, i misunderstood you. I thought you were trying to dismiss my arguments because you thought i was addicted to guns.  I say, america has a violence problem, not a gun problem. Guns wont fix our violence problem, only we can.  The Tobacco statistics were proved false, but the gun control statistics are raw numbers conducted by the government, with no speculation. Tobacco statistics require a lot of speculation. The arms industry is making better guns at a faster and cheaper rate. That may sound bad, but guns have saved more lives then they have killed (i have to go now, i will provide the link to back this up in a little while, if i can find it).
guns are not needed in a civilized society. It is as simple as that. i am sure the police would agree.   there are no civilized society's, there are alwase those in society who will pray on others, ans not respect the lives of others. with out weapons there is no way to stop them, and the police are only there to take the reports after it happens.
providing the statistics are right all they prove is that Australian men are more violent than American men, so what?  I was responding to your comment:  Originally Posted by Winston Smith  keep your gun, without it you you'd be scared to death. I don't need a gun to feel safe in gun free Australia. This is a civilized peace loving country. Thanks God for that.   Maybe if women in Australia carried guns, they'd be abused by macho Australian men less? :)
get real! guns are not needed in a civilized society. It is as simple as that.  I disagree. Guns are part of what makes a civilized society. Without them, the biggest and the most violent are free to prey on the smaller and weaker at will. it is the law of the jungle. There is an old saying "God created men, Sam Colt made them equal". There is some degree of truth to this.   Metered application of force in order to control the population is what makes a society civilized.
get real! guns are not needed in a civilized society. It is as simple as that.  Neither are televisions. Your point?  By the by, I have yet to recieve a response to this...  First you need a few handy facts.  1 - Crimes commited with guns is a meaningless statistic. If X people are killed, then X people are killed, and it doesn't matter if they were shot, or beaten to death with a high-heeled shoe.  2 - Gun laws were tightened in England and Australia in 1996.  After we absorb those two facts, we can then look at rates of reported crime:  http://www.crimestatistics.org.uk/output/Page39.asp  http://www.aic.gov.au/stats/crime/violence.html  By which we can see that rates of violent crime (including assault, homicide and sexual assault) have either remained constant, or actually increased despite the tightening of firearms laws and expensive gun buy-back schemes.
get real! guns are not needed in a civilized society. It is as simple as that.  It is the #1 thing that keeps a civilized society civilized. Almost all civilized socitys today have guns. Remember before guns were invented? You call that civilized? Maybe we have different ideas of what the word "civilized" mean.
Interestingly enough, there was a letter to the editor in the National Post (Canadian newspaper) today regarding Australia's gun laws.  The author is Philip Alpers, a professor at the University of Sydney.  Unfortunately you must be a subscriber to access the article online but I will summarize the key points:  -from 1986-96 Australia suffered 11 mass shootings (5+ people killed) in which 100 people were shot dead. This includes the tasmania shooting in 1996 that killed 35 and seriously wounded 18 people  -The tasmania gunman was law-abiding until that day when he shot 53 innocent people, and he used a legal semi-automatic weapon  -12 days later John Howard introduced gun laws, for example banning semi-automatic long guns   -In the decade since then there have been no mass shootings  -In the 7 years after the reforms Australia's overall toll of firearm fatalities fell from a 17-year average of 617 to an annual average of 331  -the robbery rate and the proportion of robberies involving a firearm fell to 10-year lows  Philip Alpers concludes that stringently limiting access to guns lessens the risk they pose to public health and safety.  Thoughts?  Gun control has very little effect on crime. Look at Switzerland, where everybody owns an AK47, AK74, M16, M4, MP5 etc, and there is very little crime. Now look at the UK, crime spike ever since they established gun control. Now look at Japan, the most Draconian gun laws, yet very little crime. Now look at California and New York, very high crime and a lot of gun control. Now look at Vermont, they enacted Right-To-Carry laws awhile ago and have had very little crime ever since. Now look at Illinois, with very strict gun control. Now look at Virginia, very low Gun control and Very low crime. Now look at Canada, same availibility of guns as in the US, and very little crime.   It doesnt make sense. I think Violence and culture effect crime, not guns.
-from 1986-96 Australia suffered 11 mass shootings (5+ people killed) in which 100 people were shot dead. This includes the tasmania shooting in 1996 that killed 35 and seriously wounded 18 people  Actually, he killed 35 and wounded 22.  The tasmania gunman was law-abiding until that day when he shot 53 innocent people, and he used a legal semi-automatic weapon  No, he was using an illegally obtained prohibited AR15.  12 days later John Howard introduced gun laws, for example banning semi-automatic long guns   -In the decade since then there have been no mass shootings[/quote]  Discounting of course the Monash shooting 2002. Of course, he only managed to kill two people and wound five others (not for lack of trying) so can conveniently be ignored for the sake of making a dramatic point.  -In the 7 years after the reforms Australia's overall toll of firearm fatalities fell from a 17-year average of 617 to an annual average of 331  Meanwhile, rates of homicide have remained constant. How lucky for those 286 people that they were beaten, strangled, stabbed or poisoned, rather than being shot.  -the robbery rate and the proportion of robberies involving a firearm fell to 10-year lows  Interesting. Mr Alpers perhaps forgot to mention that rates of armed robbery doubled between 1997 and 1996? I'm sure he meant to mention it.  Philip Alpers concludes that stringently limiting access to guns lessens the risk they pose to public health and safety.  Thoughts?  I think a quick look at the Australian Institute of Criminology reveals Mr Alpers, who I have no doubt is genuine in his concern for public safety, as incorrect. People are still killing one another at the same rate, and people are more likely to be assaulted, robbed or sexually assaulted. I believe that people could be made safer by increasing funding to hospitals, increasing police numbers, and carefully analysing the efficacy of the legal system.
WE in America are Free because we still have freedom to carry a gun.We will never give up our right to carry fire arms.  In countries where guns are illigel,crimnal's have the gun's.Where does that leave you?  Guns don't kill people emoticon_xkill People kill People.
get real! guns are not needed in a civilized society. It is as simple as that.  Get real! The world is uncivilized. This is the nature of people, not guns. It is as simple as that.
I have said this before, but I'll repeat it again. I have been fighting violence in all its forms for years. I do not believe that we have a gun violence problem in America. I believe we have a violence problem.   I do not believe that gun control is the answer to this problem because it does not address the root of the problem. Instead of focusing on the more difficult question of why someone would feel justified or feel the need to take another person's life, I see gun control advocates taking the easy, feel good route of blaming the inanimate object the killer used to act out his desire. I view it to be about as effective as re-arranging the deck chairs on the Titanic that were knocked askew by the collision with the iceberg. It makes you feel good because it is a visible sign that you re-imposed some order on a chaotic situation, but it does not save lives.   What gun control does is make the innocent suffer for the crimes of the guilty. It tells millions of people that they should be marginalized,--that their lawful, safe ownership of private property should be criminalized.   Listen, I also like beer. Just like my firearms, I use alcohol in moderation, and have never once been a problem for others or myself because of my use of this lawful product. If prohibition returned today, I imagine it would be in the guise of something like this: I get a knock on my door from the police demanding that I give up the Michelob in my fridge. When I ask them why, they say "because we just caught a guy driving drunk who hit somebody across town, and now you have to surrender your alcohol because we have decided that it is just too dangerous to allow anyone to have it."   Take a pause and ask yourself how you would respond to such a demand on your front doorstep. I would tell them, politely, to go to hell.  Now ask yourself why my answer should be different when the property sought to be taken from me costs much, much more, and where I also believe it is protected as a fundamental civil right?   ---  "The great ideals of liberty and equality are preserved against the assaults of opportunism, the expediency of the passing hour, the erosion of small encroachments, the scorn and derision of those who have no patience with general principles, by enshrining them in constitutions, and  consecrating to the task of their protection a body of defenders." Justice Benjamin Cardozo, The Nature of the Judicial Process, Lecture II, 1921.  "Experience should teach us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the Government's purposes are beneficent. Men born to freedom are naturally alert to repel invasion of their liberty by evil-minded rulers. The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding." Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis, Olmstead v. United States, 277 U.S. 438, 485 (1928) (dissenting opinion).  "For those who beat their swords into plowshares will plow for those who didn't." -Bryan
I have said this before, but I'll repeat it again. I have been fighting violence in all its forms for years. I do not believe that we have a gun violence problem in America. I believe we have a violence problem.   I do not believe that gun control is the answer to this problem because it does not address the root of the problem. Instead of focusing on the more difficult question of why someone would feel justified or feel the need to take another person's life, I see gun control advocates taking the easy, feel good route of blaming the inanimate object the killer used to act out his desire. I view it to be about as effective as re-arranging the deck chairs on the Titanic that were knocked askew by the collision with the iceberg. It makes you feel good because it is a visible sign that you re-imposed some order on a chaotic situation, but it does not save lives.   What gun control does is make the innocent suffer for the crimes of the guilty. It tells millions of people that they should be marginalized,--that their lawful, safe ownership of private property should be criminalized.   Listen, I also like beer. Just like my firearms, I use alcohol in moderation, and have never once been a problem for others or myself because of my use of this lawful product. If prohibition returned today, I imagine it would be in the guise of something like this: I get a knock on my door from the police demanding that I give up the Michelob in my fridge. When I ask them why, they say "because we just caught a guy driving drunk who hit somebody across town, and now you have to surrender your alcohol because we have decided that it is just too dangerous to allow anyone to have it."   Take a pause and ask yourself how you would respond to such a demand on your front doorstep. I would tell them, politely, to go to hell.  Now ask yourself why my answer should be different when the property sought to be taken from me costs much, much more, and where I also believe it is protected as a fundamental civil right?   ---  "The great ideals of liberty and equality are preserved against the assaults of opportunism, the expediency of the passing hour, the erosion of small encroachments, the scorn and derision of those who have no patience with general principles, by enshrining them in constitutions, and  consecrating to the task of their protection a body of defenders." Justice Benjamin Cardozo, The Nature of the Judicial Process, Lecture II, 1921.  "Experience should teach us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the Government's purposes are beneficent. Men born to freedom are naturally alert to repel invasion of their liberty by evil-minded rulers. The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding." Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis, Olmstead v. United States, 277 U.S. 438, 485 (1928) (dissenting opinion).  "For those who beat their swords into plowshares will plow for those who didn't." -Bryan  Good points emoticon_cool. I agree, like i stated earlier, america's main problem is violence.
the love of the gun have bllinded you to reason.  The hatred of guns and emotions has blinded you to the facts, and have blinded you to reason. There is no reason to hate a gun, unless something emotional happened when you were young, which is probably the case. There is no reason to be so blind to the facts as you and yolanda are.
the love of the gun have bllinded you to reason.   Now, my dear go and buy a gun. It will allow you to let go of this wild eyed hatred of guns you have.   Guns can be misused like anthing else in this world...reason and logic ( the gifts of the Enlightenment) should tell you that it is the person who misuses the gun who is guilty of the crime , not the gun.
guns like all other weapons have only one purpose: to kill. I have saved this post in case we ever have a "Dumbest Statement" contest.
guns like all other weapons have only one purpose: to kill.  ban them and the shooting will end, and also many crimes. it as simple as that  We've already banned crime, but it still seems to be hanging around. Could it be that criminals don't care that crime has been banned? emoticon_confused
guns like all other weapons have only one purpose: to kill.  ban them and the shooting will end, and also many crimes. it as simple as that  Guns can be used for target shooting and hunting. But guns also keep our society safe. Without them, there will be a crime spike, i garuntee. Its happened with every other country (excluding Japan), and it will happen here.  Give us something to back that up please.
ban them and the shooting will end, and also many crimes. it as simple as that  The shooting will probably decrease. To compensate, the stabbings, beatings and stranglings will increase.  If we follow on from the increase in assault, homicide and robbery after the Howard government tightened gun laws in 1996, we would probably see a severe spike in those areas. At least, thats what the evidence seems to suggest.  By the by, you still haven't addressed my previous post with regards to the effects of restricting guns on rates of crime.
Guns can be used for target shooting and hunting. But guns also keep our society safe. Without them, there will be a crime spike, i garuntee. Its happened with every other country (excluding Japan), and it will happen here.  Give us something to back that up please.  I'm just wondering, what happened in Japan?
I'm just wondering, what happened in Japan?  Japan is one of the only countrys that had a crime drop after establishing gun control.
Japan is one of the only countrys that had a crime drop after establishing gun control.  japan has a whole different culture. It's like comparing apples to oranges.
it may sound dumb to you if you are dumb. Guns are tools for one purpose only: to kill  Exactly why our society would be safer with them. Think about it. Look at the big picture, not the narrow-minded one.  Lets make a scenario, what if everyone ages 12+ carried a handgun, and knew basic gun safety. There would be virtually no crime, because if you tried to commit a crime with your gun, then someone else would shoot you. It makes society a safer place by deterring crime.   Lets make another:  A baseball bat weilding man breaks into your house at 3am in the morning, what do you do?  With gun control: You call 911 and hide in your closet, but unfortunately the crazy assailent kills you before the poliece arrive.  Without gun control: You grab your smithy 66 revolver under your bead, and shoot the burglar dead.  If you're unarmed when an armed assailent breaks into your house, you should already be making funeral arrangements.  I want to be calling 911 to be telling them that i just shot an intruder, i dont want to be calling 911 because im about to be shot. You will never disarm the criminals, and most people use their guns for targets or hunting anyway.  "Someone mugged and murdered isnt morally superior to someone with a smoking barrel and a dead assailent at their feet".
it may sound dumb to you if you are dumb. Guns are tools for one purpose only: to kill  I still fail to see the relevance. And you have still failed to address my previous post. Your protestations are sounding less and less well informed and rational.
I still fail to see the relevance. And you have still failed to address my previous post. Your protestations are sounding less and less well informed and rational.  Adept, most antis are like that, and using intelligence or asking them to back their statements up is usually a waste of time.  Lets see if we can talk some sense into this one.
By Shooterandproud:  A couple things...  I don't see why you must kill or be killed. Why not incapacitate the assailant with a taser until the police arrive?  The same reason we don't give our soldiers tasers when we send them off to war. When police use tasers, their backup ius generally another officer holding a shotgun or a submachine gun. A taser is a great thing, if you have a shotgun pointed at the guys head as well. Otherwise, the only way to be sure to stop the bad guy is to kill the bad guy.   If a crazy man with a baseball bat broke in at 3 am and you feared for your life, I would say he was intending to murder or seriously injure you because if he wanted to steal your stuff he would have broken in during the day when most people are not at home. If someone has a reason to want you dead I imagine you would have some idea in advance, and in that case it would be wise to take some reasonable precautions. For instance, I understand why a gang member would feel the need to sleep with a gun under the pillow.  However, it seems like paranoid behaviour to me. I live in a safe community; I cannot think of a single instance of violent crime in the 4 years I have been here. Nevertheless, a security guard patrols outside my building. So someone who wants to break into my room at 3am will have to get past a security guard, break into my unit, and climb a few flights of stairs to reach my locked, secure bedroom door. I am not involved in crime at all, nor are my friends or family. In short I don't believe anyone has any reason to harm me.  Therefore I sleep just fine at night without a gun.  Also, you say that in the scenario with gun control you do not have a gun. I don't think this is accurate. In Canada we do have gun control measures, yet I can still buy a gun if I want. Many of my friends and family members have guns.  It sounds to me like you have basically had to resort to locking yourself in a fortress with multiple levels of security in order to feel safe. Sad. Really sad.
However, it seems like paranoid behaviour to me. I live in a safe community; I cannot think of a single instance of violent crime in the 4 years I have been here. Nevertheless, a security guard patrols outside my building. So someone who wants to break into my room at 3am will have to get past a security guard, break into my unit, and climb a few flights of stairs to reach my locked, secure bedroom door. I am not involved in crime at all, nor are my friends or family. In short I don't believe anyone has any reason to harm me.  Therefore I sleep just fine at night without a gun.  But is that a good enough reason to ban or strictly limit guns? I sleep just fine without an SUV, and I think less people need one of those than they do a gun. But I don't want them banned because of it.  Also, you say that in the scenario with gun control you do not have a gun. I don't think this is accurate. In Canada we do have gun control measures, yet I can still buy a gun if I want. Many of my friends and family members have guns.  Thats very true, and I am also an advocate of gun control. It's just that on these forums, the words 'gun control' usually refer to extremely tight gun laws, or outright banning of guns.
I think you are misunderstanding me. I don't want guns banned or strictly limited, in fact I intend to buy one for hunting soon. I enjoy shooting. I do see the sense in some measures such as restricting access to guns for people who have committed violent crimes.  Fair point. My mistake for misinterpreting your intentions!  I've just never found that necessary emoticon_confused  Nor have I.
give every man woman and child a gun and let them fend off for themselves. what a great idea!! we can do away with the Police, security guards etc. Give Bush a gun and do away with the Secret Service. Just like in Iraq today and what a great place that is.  Guns are only killing machines be it for killing humans or animals. The so called hunters are just killers hiding behind the word: sport.  All guns ought to be banned. And every country would become as safe as Japan.  Only pantywaistes can't handle the concept of private gun ownership. emoticon_xkill
Guns are only killing machines be it for killing humans or animals. The so called hunters are just killers hiding behind the word: sport.  Only a vegan can claim no guilt over killing animals, and even they have to destroy life to live. At least a hunter is honest about what he (or she) does.  All guns ought to be banned. And every country would become as safe as Japan.  So how can you explain the rises in assault, robbery, homicide and sexual assault after Australian gun laws were tightened in 1996? I think it's a pressing question which you need to answer, lest your credibility be irretrievably shattered.
give every man woman and child a gun and let them fend off for themselves. what a great idea!! we can do away with the Police, security guards etc. Give Bush a gun and do away with the Secret Service. Just like in Iraq today and what a great place that is.  Guns are only killing machines be it for killing humans or animals. The so called hunters are just killers hiding behind the word: sport.  All guns ought to be banned. And every country would become as safe as Japan.  When they banned guns in Australia, did the sale of poison go up? emoticon_wow   1080 USED TO KILL WALLABIES  Wallabies, especially the Swamp Wallaby, are still being poisoned with 1080 (sodium fluoracetate). Poisoning is carried out by government departments, especially in Tasmania. It results in prolonged suffering, the animal taking up to three days to die. Such a method of killing has been condemned by the RSPCA as "cruel and unacceptable".  Moreover, before it dies, the animal becomes very thirsty, and often moves to a water source to drink. If it dies there, the poison may seep into the water and remain active for a long time (in cold water, more than 30 days), thus putting many other non-target species at risk.  Further, the poison will remain active within the carcass until the carcass has completely broken down. Any animal feeding on the fresh carcass may also be poisoned. Many predators such as eagles are affected in this way.  Ironically, there are still doubts about the effectiveness of 1080: some wallabies die, whist others don't. Wallabies are currently being bred at the Keith Turnbull Institute in Victoria to further investigate this. The use of more humane methods such as tree guards and perimeter fencing have been investigated, but are not seen as cost-effective, and so their use is restricted. http://www.animalsaustralia.org/default2.asp?IDL1=1273&IDL2=1298 
So how can you explain the rises in assault, robbery, homicide and sexual assault after Australian gun laws were tightened in 1996? I think it's a pressing question which you need to answer, lest your credibility be irretrievably shattered.  Too late...that happened about a dozen pages ago.
it may sound dumb to you if you are dumb. Guns are tools for one purpose only: to kill Dumb? I will not respond to that since I do not wish to engage in a battle of wits with an unarmed man, but I will say that I have known many men/women that shoot skeet, trap and targets that have never, and will never, kill anything with their guns ..... guns that are designed specifically for the purposes for which they are used.  Dono
By Shooterandproud:  A couple things...  I don't see why you must kill or be killed. Why not incapacitate the assailant with a taser until the police arrive?  If a crazy man with a baseball bat broke in at 3 am and you feared for your life, I would say he was intending to murder or seriously injure you because if he wanted to steal your stuff he would have broken in during the day when most people are not at home. If someone has a reason to want you dead I imagine you would have some idea in advance, and in that case it would be wise to take some reasonable precautions. For instance, I understand why a gang member would feel the need to sleep with a gun under the pillow.  However, it seems like paranoid behaviour to me. I live in a safe community; I cannot think of a single instance of violent crime in the 4 years I have been here. Nevertheless, a security guard patrols outside my building. So someone who wants to break into my room at 3am will have to get past a security guard, break into my unit, and climb a few flights of stairs to reach my locked, secure bedroom door. I am not involved in crime at all, nor are my friends or family. In short I don't believe anyone has any reason to harm me.  Therefore I sleep just fine at night without a gun.  Also, you say that in the scenario with gun control you do not have a gun. I don't think this is accurate. In Canada we do have gun control measures, yet I can still buy a gun if I want. Many of my friends and family members have guns.  A taser is only effective at a very close range, and mace or OC is only effective if you point it at the face. Keep in mind that everyone doesnt live in a gated, guarded, and locked community. You probably dont need a gun, but some people in more unsafe communities, or just for sporting pursposes do.
give every man woman and child a gun and let them fend off for themselves. what a great idea!! we can do away with the Police, security guards etc. Give Bush a gun and do away with the Secret Service. Just like in Iraq today and what a great place that is.  Guns are only killing machines be it for killing humans or animals. The so called hunters are just killers hiding behind the word: sport.  All guns ought to be banned. And every country would become as safe as Japan.  So let me get this straight, you'd rather be unarmed when you are attacked or mugged by a criminal, instead of being armed.  And its funny you should say that, because all states that have enacted "shall issue" CHL laws have had a drop in crime. Makes you think, doesnt it Winston?  Japan also has a cultural difference. You should think of countrys like Austrailia or the UK, ever since gun control, there has been a crime spike. Also makes you think, doesnt it? It seems you want to make this country as dangerous as Austrailia or the UK.  And for the record, i will not argue with your flawed opinion on hunting, because this usually leads nowhere.  Dumb? I will not respond to that since I do not wish to engage in a battle of wits with an unarmed man, but I will say that I have known many men/women that shoot skeet, trap and targets that have never, and will never, kill anything with their guns ..... guns that are designed specifically for the purposes for which they are used.  Dono  *Applause*
I agree with your last statement. As a matter of fact it was going to be covered by AM on ABC radio today; unfortunately I missed it, forgot to tune to the ABC while drivng to work  I remember that subsequently to the gun controls laws, the ownership of swords, knives, machetes, hunting bows etc was also controlled.  How about table knives and baseball bats, too? No sense in missing anything. emoticon_rolleyes
I can't find the stats at the moment but I am sure others on this board could help. There are typicaly more children killed in swimming pool accidents than with firearms. Should we ban pools as well? I guess My son is walking a thin line between life and death according to some of the arguments on this thread. I live in SW Florida (Gunshine state) and there is a swimming pool about every 50-100 ft. or so. In fact I have one myself. I am also a gun dealer (FFL) and sell out of my home. My 9 y/o son keeps his scoped Ruger 10/22 in his room although I have the ammo. From some of the irresponsible comments (mostly generalizations) i have seen posted I trust my son's judgement more than some of you.  I have not been a member here for long but my opinion is worth just as much as you have paid for it.  YMMVemoticon_xkill
I remember that subsequently to the gun controls laws, the ownership of swords, knives, machetes, hunting bows etc was also controlled.  Indeed. For those interested, a full list of prohibited weapons in Victoria, Australia:  * Sword - a thrusting, striking or cutting weapon with a long blade with one or two edges, a hilt or handle * Crossbow - a bow fixed transversely on a stock grooved to direct a dart, bolt or arrow More specifically a: o pistol crossbow, an easily concealed crossbow that you can raise and fire with one hand o general category crossbow (anything other than a pistol crossbow). * Flick knife - a knife designed or adapted to hide the blade inside the handle, which either opens by gravity, centrifugal force or by pressure applied to a button, spring or device in or attached to the handle of the knife * Dagger - a sharp and pointed stabbing instrument (other than an oyster knife) that can be easily concealed, either with a: o flat blade with cutting edges (serrated or not) along the length of each side o needle-like blade, which has a cross section that is elliptical or has 3 or more sides (does not include weapons such as swords or bayonets) * Knuckle knife - an open or exposed blade attached to a handle designed or adapted to be held between the knuckles (including the device commonly known as the 'Urban Pal Knife') * Anything designed to conceal a sword or blade These include: o a belt, or something similar, designed or adapted to hide or disguise a knife, dagger or similar object (for example, something known as the 'Bowen Knife Belt') o a 'swordstick', which could be a cane, stick or something similar designed or adapted conceal the blade of a sword until it is withdrawn from the cane, stick or other object o a riding crop designed or adapted to conceal a blade or spike until it is withdrawn from the crop. * Butterfly knife - a knife with a two-piece handle that folds together to cover both edges of the blade (serrated or not) * Double-end knife - a knife that looks like two overlapping curved blades joined together to form an ellipse shape * Knife with a concealed blade - a knife whose blade is concealed by a plastic, wooden or metal sheath that retracts and expose the blade (for example, a 'Black Eagle Knife') * Push knife - a weapon with a single-edged or multi-edged blade or spike that has a handle fitted allowing the blade to be controlled and supported by the palm of the hand so stabbing blows or slashes can be inflicted by a punching or pushing action * Trench knife - a single-edged or multi-edged blade or spike fitted with a handle made of any hard substance that can be placed over the user's knuckles to protect their knuckles, and to increase the effect of a punch or blow (or anything adapted for such use) * Throwing blade - any knife or axe designed or modified to be thrown * Ballistic knife - designed or adapted to fire or discharge a knife, dagger or similar instrument by mechanical, percussive or explosive means * Non-metal or ceramic knife - any knife, blade or spike that has no metallic component (excludes plastic cutlery) * Blow gun - a blow pipe or anything else designed to propel an arrow, dart or similar projectile using air expelled from someone's mouth * Dart - something designed to be projected from a blow-gun or similar device * Hunting sling or slingshot - any sling or slingshot that is used with an arm brace that fits or rests someone's forearm to support the wrist from the tension of the elastic material throwing the projectile (for example, 'Saunders Falcon Hunting Sling') * Catapult, shanghai or hunting sling - (without a sling) that is manufactured or intended to be commercially distributed * Dart projector - that is manufactured or intended to be commercially distributed * Slingshot - that is manufactured or intended for commercial distribution * Capsicum spray - or anything designed or adapted to discharge oleoresin capsicum spray * Noxious gas or and other types of emitting agents - anything designed to emit or discharge an offensive, noxious or irritant liquid, powder, gas or chemical that may disable or harm another person * Electric current device - anything designed to incapacitate or injure * Acoustic anti-personnel device - anything designed to cause permanent or temporary incapacity or disability, or that would physically disorientate a person * Shark dart - anything designed to expel any gas or other substance capable of causing bodily harm on, or after contact, with a person * Extendable baton - a baton that extends by gravity, centrifugal force, or any pressure button or handle on the baton * Knuckle-duster - something that is worn across a knuckle or knuckles, finger, fingers or thumb so as to: o increase the force or impact of a blow when striking another person with that hand, finger, fingers or thumb o protect the knuckle or knuckles from injury when striking another person with that hand, finger, fingers or thumb. * Weighted glove - a glove that is used as a weapon (including a fingerless glove) with weighted material sown into it to increase the effect of a blow * Studded glove - a glove that is used as a weapon (including a fingerless glove) with any number of raised studs or spikes made of a hard substance and positioned over the back of the glove to increase the effect of a blow * Mace - a club or staff fitted with a flanged or spiked head that is capable of causing injury (excluding a ceremonial mace, which is solely used as symbol of authority on ceremonial occasions) * Flail - a staff or handle with a freely-swinging striking part that is armed with spikes or studded with any protruding matter * Whip with metal lashes * 'Cat o'nine tails' with knotted lashes * Strong laser pointer - any hand-held laser pointer that can emit a laser beam with an accessible emission limit of greater than 1mW * Baton-chucks or bo-chucks - any baton or stick that can be unscrewed or broken into two or more parts joined by chain, rope or cord * Scythe or sickle type objects - anything resembling a scythe or sickle that has a fixed or folding blade, which includes objects with or without a chain attached (for example, a 'Karma') * Kasari-fundo, Kusari-fundo and Manrikigusari - anything where two wooden or metal batons, sticks or rods are joined together by a chain, rope or a cord * Kubotan, and similar objects - any stick or rod (of any material) designed as a weapon to be applied to the pressure points of the human body * Ninja climbing claws, ninja hand claws and ninja foot claws - anything that is attached to hands or feet with claws on it * Nunchaku - two sticks, rods or batons joined by a cord, rope or chain * Sai or Jitte - any short, tapered, metal rod, dull at the point, with flared metal prongs guarding the handle * Suan Ywe Gou - anything with curved blade pointed at both ends and a handle attached to the middle * Shoge, ninja Kyokeysu-shoge or Kyotetsu-shoge - any object that includes a blade (or blades) with cord, rope or chain attached so the blade can be thrown and retrieved * Throwing star - a sharpened star-shaped article designed for throwing (for example 'Surikan', 'Suriken' or 'Shaken'), including where the star is attached to a belt * Chinese whip - a handle and an edged blade, joined by chain or a combination of chain and metal pieces or steel rods, designed to be used as a whip * Butterfly Sword * Tonfa  The stand out items for me are the "Capsicum spray" "Noxious gas or and other types of emitting agents" (can anyone say Aerosol Deodorant?) "Electric current device" and the "Acoustic anti-personnel device". For the record, the definition of a prohibited weapon is something that is exclusively offensive and... considered inappropriate for general possession and use..  How on earth are pepper spray and airhorns exclusively offensive in use?
I can't find the stats at the moment but I am sure others on this board could help. There are typicaly more children killed in swimming pool accidents than with firearms. Should we ban pools as well? I guess My son is walking a thin line between life and death according to some of the arguments on this thread. I live in SW Florida (Gunshine state) and there is a swimming pool about every 50-100 ft. or so. In fact I have one myself. I am also a gun dealer (FFL) and sell out of my home. My 9 y/o son keeps his scoped Ruger 10/22 in his room although I have the ammo. From some of the irresponsible comments (mostly generalizations) i have seen posted I trust my son's judgement more than some of you.  I have not been a member here for long but my opinion is worth just as much as you have paid for it.  YMMVemoticon_xkill  I was raised as a sportsman from an early age. I fired my first gun at age 8. It was a 12 gauge shotgun. I started hunting with my father, a part-time game warden in NJ, when I was 11. He taught me respect for all guns and never to accept a gun without verifying that it was unloaded. Unfortunately, he died when I was 13, but our hunting trips are some of my fondest childhood memories. Enjoy the time that you spend with your son. They're memories for you and him to have forever. emoticon_xhoho   Oh, and welcome to 4Forums.
I was raised as a sportsman from an early age. I fired my first gun at age 8. It was a 12 gauge shotgun. I started hunting with my father, a part-time game warden in NJ, when I was 11. He taught me respect for all guns and never to accept a gun without verifying that it was unloaded. Unfortunately, he died when I was 13, but our hunting trips are some of my fondest childhood memories. Enjoy the time that you spend with your son. They're memories for you and him to have forever. emoticon_xhoho   Oh, and welcome to 4Forums.  I'm glad you had a good time with your father who taught you outdoor sports. Unfortunately, Winston will come trooping in here to flame you about your activities. I shot my first gun at 7, and it was a single-shot .22LR. Then, at 12, i shot a Smith and Wesson .357 magnum, an SKS, and a .22 handgun (forgot brands and loads).
I was raised as a sportsman from an early age. I fired my first gun at age 8. It was a 12 gauge shotgun.  Damn, thats a big gun for an 8 year old! I started on the .410. I still have a real soft spot for that gun. It's a beautiful english made side-by-side double barrel. Every now and then I take it out to bust some bunnies.  He taught me respect for all guns and never to accept a gun without verifying that it was unloaded.  Ditto that. And to never point it at anything you don't want a hole in, even if you know it's unloaded.
Winston, out of curiosity, how many guns have you shot? Would you consider yourself knowledgable and experienced personally regarding firearms?
I have fired many rifles, shotguns, and handguns in my lifetime and I have never shot a living thing. I shoot clay pigeons, paper, and steel targets. All the people I know who hunt actually eat what they kill. Deer meat is delicious!
I got my first rifle (a Marlin .22) at age 11. I have just purchased a Crickett .22 for my 8-year old grandson. It's a tiny little rifle about 2 ft. long total that appears to be well made.
I agree that guns kill. I agree that a firearm ownership ban coupled with effective confiscation methods would dramatically reduce the number of murders committed by individuals with firearms. But I do not believe that a gun ban will make us any safer. Gun control has ever been the tool tyrants use to consolidate power.   Here are some examples:   "The inhabitants of Boston being confined within that town by the general their governor, and having, in order to procure their dismission, entered into a treaty with him, it was stipulated that the said inhabitants having deposited their arms with their own magistrates, should have liberty to depart, taking with them their own effects. They accordingly delivered up their arms, but in open violation of honor, in defiance of the obligation of treaties, which even savage nations esteemed sacred, the governor ordered the arms deposited as aforesaid, that they might be preserved for their owners, to be seized by a body of soldiers; detained the greatest part of the inhabitants in the town, and compelled the few who were permitted to retire, to leave their most valuable effects behind. The general, further emulating his ministerial masters, by a proclamation bearing date on the 12th. of June, after venting the grossest falsehoods and calumnies against the good people of these colonies, proceeds to '[D]eclare them all, either by name or description, to be rebels and traitors, to supersede the course of the common law, and instead thereof to publish and order the use and exercise of the law martial.'" The DECLARATION OF THE CAUSES AND NECESSITY OF TAKING UP ARMS (July 6, 1775).  ---  "That no freedman, free negro or mulatto. . .not licensed to do so by the board of police of his or her county, shall keep or carry fire-arms of any kind, or any ammunition, dirk or bowie knife. . . ." Laws of Mississippi, 1865, p. 165 (November 29, 1865).  "In Mississippi rebel State forces, men who were in the rebel armies, are traversing the State, visiting the freedmen, disarming them, perpetrating murders and outrages on them. . . ."-- Congressional Globe, 39th. Congress, 1st. Session, part 1, at p. 40 (December 13, 1865) [Speech of Senator Henry Wilson (Republican-Massachusetts)]  "Editor Loyal Georgian: Have colored persons a right to own and carry firearms?--A Colored Citizen Almost every day we are asked questions similar to the above. We answer certainly you have the same right to own and carry arms that other citizens have. You are not only free but citizens of the United States and as such entitled to the same privileges granted to other citizens by the Constitution. . . . Article II, of the amendments to the Constitution of the United States, gives the people the right to bear arms, and states that this right shall not be infringed. Any person, white or black, may be disarmed if convicted of making an improper or dangerous use of weapons, but no military or civil officer has the right or authority to disarm any class of people, thereby placing them at the mercy of others. All men, without distinction of color, have the right to keep and bear arms to defend their homes, families or themselves." From issues of the Loyal Georgian, January 20, 27 and February 3, 1866.  ---  "Among the many misdeeds of the British rule in India, history will look upon the Act of depriving a whole nation of arms, as the blackest." 2 M. Gandhi, An Autobiography of the Story of My Experiments with the Truth, (M. Desai, trans. 1927).  ---  "The most foolish mistake we could possibly make would be to allow the subject races to possess arms. History shows that all conquerors who have allowed their subject races to carry arms have prepared their own downfall by so doing. Indeed, I would go so far as to say that the supply of arms to the underdogs is a sine qua non for the overthrow of any sovereignty. So let's not have any native militia or native police. German troops alone will bear the sole responsibility for the maintenance of law and order throughout the occupied Russian territories, and a system of military strong-points must be evolved to cover the entire occupied country." Adolf Hitler, dinner talk on April 11, 1942, quoted in Hitler's Table Talk 1941-44: His Private Conversations, Second Edition (1973), Pg. 425-426.  ---  "With a basis in § 31 of the Weapons Law of 18 March 1928 (Reichsgesetzblatt I, p. 265), Article III of the Law on the Reunification of Austria with Germany of 13 March 1938 (Reichsgesetzblatt I, p. 237), and § 9 of the Fuhrer and Chancellor's decree on the administration of the Sudeten-German districts of 1 October 1928 (Reichsgesetzblatt 1, p. 1331 ) are the following ordered: § 1 Jews (§ 5 of the First Regulations of the German Citizenship Law of 14 November 1935, Reichsgesetzblatt 1, p. 1332) are prohibited from acquiring, possessing, and carrying firearms and ammunition, as well as truncheons or stabbing weapons. Those now possessing weapons and ammunition are at once to turn them over to the local police authority. § 2 Firearms and ammunition found in a Jew's possession will be forfeited to the government without compensation. § 3 The Minister of the Interior may make exceptions to the Prohibition in § 1 for Jews who are foreign nationals. He can entrust other authorities with this power. § 4 Whoever willfully or negligently violates the provisions of § 1 will be punished with imprisonment and a fine. In especially severe cases of deliberate violations, the punishment is imprisonment in a penitentiary for up to five years. § 5 For the implementation if this regulation, the Minister of the Interior waives the necessary legal and administrative provisions. § 6 This regulation is valid in the state of Austria and in the Sudeten-German districts.  Berlin, 11 November 1938 Minister of the Interior  Frick" http://www.jpfo.org/NaziLawEnglish.htm   ---  We have seen many oppressive governments in the last century. Can anyone here name a Latin American dictator, or Fascist or Communist head of state, who did not favor the use of gun control as a means to maintain power? Could it happen in my country? Ask the descendants of those newly freed slaves in the south. Ask your Japanese American friends whether their parents were allowed to possess firearms during their incarceration in American internment camps. Ask your Native American friends if they felt safer because of laws which denied them the RKBA, laws which were not finally abolished until the Carter Administration saw reason to do so.   We have had our share of wars in the last century, but far more unarmed innocent civilians were killed in the 20th century by their own governments than by foreign troops in wartime. Gun control's chief rallying cry is that it will make you safer. Would the unarmed millions who lie buried in the Russian steppes agree? Would the ghosts of Auschwitz agree? Would the bleached bones lying in the killing fields of Cambodia agree? Would the families who cowered in fear of government death squads in Latin America agree? Would the unarmed victims of Serbian ethic cleansing agree?   You may not like the RKBA and wish it did not exist. But ask yourself this: When it is a right you do treasure, and when your own government uses the same safety argument to encroach on that right, like your right to be free from unreasonable search and seizure-"but we need this surveillance law to keep you safe from terrorists"-will you be so quick to agree the benefits outweighs the risks to your freedom?  Yes, gun violence is a problem in my country. But more guns do not equal more killings with them. Neither will a ban on guns equal a ban on the motives that cause us to kill each other. Gun violence is a complex human behavioral problem. It is not, as gun control supporters incorrectly view it, a simple economic supply problem to be placed in the constitutional scales in the blithe hope that it outweighs a fundamental liberty interest which they find repulsive. The reason why we protect fundamental rights by putting them into constitutions, the reason why we do not let partisans who detest these rights strip them from our constitutions for the purpose of destroying them in the scales of public opinion, is first and foremost because we cannot trust them to keep their thumbs off the scales, and secondly because we fear the encouragement that their "it's a cut and paste constitution" arguments give to others who secretly see other rights hindering their own desires.   One of the enduring legacies of our constitutional freedom is the premise that no man has the moral authority to deny another the free exercise of a fundamental right unless and until that person forfeits it by misusing it. Blanket gun control, whether sought by Hitler, Stalin, Pol Pot, or by ordinary well-meaning Americans who want to do something to combat gun violence, runs counter to this principle of ordered liberty.   ---  "The great ideals of liberty and equality are preserved against the assaults of opportunism, the expediency of the passing hour, the erosion of small encroachments, the scorn and derision of those who have no patience with general principles, by enshrining them in constitutions, and consecrating to the task of their protection a body of defenders." Justice Benjamin Cardozo, The Nature of the Judicial Process, Lecture II, 1921.  "Experience should teach us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the Government's purposes are beneficent. Men born to freedom are naturally alert to repel invasion of their liberty by evil-minded rulers. The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding." Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis, Olmstead v. United States, 277 U.S. 438, 485 (1928) (dissenting opinion).  "For those who beat their swords into plowshares will plow for those who didn't." -Bryan
Damn, thats a big gun for an 8 year old! I started on the .410. I still have a real soft spot for that gun. It's a beautiful english made side-by-side double barrel. Every now and then I take it out to bust some bunnies.  It made quite an impression on me, that's for sure. emoticon_xkill  I have a 12 gauge LC Smith side-by-side that I haven't shot in over 20 years. That would probably be my favorite.  Ditto that. And to never point it at anything you don't want a hole in, even if you know it's unloaded. Exactly. That was part of the lesson as well. emoticon_xgood
In UK we have had gun control for a long time & basically no-one is the worse for it and no (despite rumours) we do not have a despot in power desperate to keep the people down (despite rumours:) )  On the other hand we do suffer from the occasional madman and the increasing number of criminals with illegal weapons.  The most recent legislation did nothing to deal with the criminals but did manage to upset the vast majority of people in gun clubs and the like none of whom were criminals nor madmen.
Guns kill. Simple as that. Therefore it should be banned.  Wow, that doesn't sound very tolerant. Maybe you should follow your own advice. If I intend to kill somebody, I can use just about anything. Heck, I could shove a clump of dirt down a person's throat and asphyxiate them. Should we ban dirt?
Guns kill. Simple as that. Therefore it should be banned.  Cars Kill. Simple as that. Therefore it should be banned.  Swimming pools kill. Simple as that. Therefore it should be banned.  Knives kill. Simple as that. Therefore it should be banned.  Sky diving kills. Simple as that. Therefore it should be banned.  Sting ray's kill. Simple as that. Therefore it should be banned.  Rock climbing kills. Simple as that. Therefore it should be banned.  Flower pots falling off a window ledge kills. Simple as.............I think you get the idea. :xbanghead
since according to gun freaks, guns do not kill but the killing is done by those who pull the trigger, then we ought to kill all gun owners, who are all potential killers. An ounce of prevention......  I agree. And while we are at it, we should kill everyone who owns a car, a swimming pool, a bucket, a set of kitchen knives, a stove, a brick, a yard with rocks in it, or anyone with access to rocks.  Your principle is sound. People who may kill others should be killed first. Therefore we should kill everyone.  Fishing is killing of animals. There is no justification for hunting. it is just the murder of beings belonging to non human species.  Hunting is sadic, unnecessary murder  Are you a vegan?
Fishing is killing of animals. There is no justification for hunting. it is just the murder of beings belonging to non human species.  Hunting is sadic, unnecessary murder  Do you eat fish ? Yes ? Then you are just letting someone else do the killing for you.   Put your money where your mouth is and stop eating fish and meat.
since according to gun freaks, guns do not kill but the killing is done by those who pull the trigger, then we ought to kill all gun owners, who are all potential killers. An ounce of prevention......  You have extremely flawed logic. First of all, hunting is evolutionary, and we like it so much because it is a survival skill. Are you going to chastize foxes for killing rabbits now too?  Car owners are potential killers, should we just go kill everyone with a car? Airplane owners are potential killers, should we kill all of them? Heck, kitchen knife owners are potential killers, should we kill everyone that owns a butterknife? :xbanghead
throw away your guns, and stock pile on dirt! I can send you some if you need it  Can you give him one legitamate reason why he would do that?
how do you know whether I eat fish and meat or not?  my arguments still stand no matter what I eat  right, but assuming you eat meat since you didn't deny it, it WOULD make you a hypocrite.
there are many objects which can be used as a weapon, even our own fists; however only guns are designed and used for only one purpose: to kill.  I haven't seen a cop packing butteknives in their holsters..... yet  Well when there's someone running at me with a knife or a gun, I wouldn't really mind killing that person. Is killing in terms of self-defense wrong? What if I don't shoot to kill? Guns can't be used to injure people?
there are many objects which can be used as a weapon, even our own fists; however only guns are designed and used for only one purpose: to kill.  I haven't seen a cop packing butteknives in their holsters..... yet  As i told you before, you have flawed logic. Guns are used for legitimate reasons, such as hunting or target shooting most of the time.
'most of the time' is not good enough. Killing animals is murdering members of other species and those same guns can be used and are used for killing humans. The same applies to guns used for target shooting. You can take them home, have them stolen and then used to commit a crime; or your son can take them to school and shoot a few dozens kids. Well, I am not saying a school massacre has ever taken place in the USA or Canada; don't get me wrong  Oswald only used his gun for hunting, didn't he?  Do you think banning guns would stop people who wanted them from getting them? Also you failed to address my point. Is self-defense not a legitimate use for guns?
'most of the time' is not good enough. Killing animals is murdering members of other species and those same guns can be used and are used for killing humans. The same applies to guns used for target shooting. You can take them home, have them stolen and then used to commit a crime; or your son can take them to school and shoot a few dozens kids. Well, I am not saying a school massacre has ever taken place in the USA or Canada; don't get me wrong  Oswald only used his gun for hunting, didn't he?  Flawed logic for the third time. How is most of the time not good enough? And, should we capture every fox in the world and pull out their teeth because they murder animals too? Even though you don't like hunting, it is completely legal and legit, so is target shooting. School shooting are so rare its not even funny, and banning guns wont do a damn thing to stop the school shootings. Guns are almost never stolen, and if someone wanted to commit a crime with a gun, they would get one from the black market.   Have you read this? Or this?
I just thought I would pass along something I found on another forum.  British Ban Knives!  According to the January 2007 issue of Blade magazine in an article written by Evan F. Nappen, attorney at law, all knives with any kind of a point, that aren't blunt, INCLUDING KITCHEN KNIVES, are now banned in the United Kingdom.  Of course, they had an amnesty period between 2-20-06 and 3-31-06 where "Bins will be placed outside Police stations in Croydon during the above dates, where you can bin a knife without fear of arrest."  Hey... "It's A Fact---Knives Take Lives!"  Anybody else read this? I highly recommend it.  This is heralds the downfall of civilized man. In the very beginning of "civilized man" man invented the pointy knife as he found it useful for everything necessary for his survival. Now, those that think they are the most civilized men on the planet think that it's time to get rid of them and those that don't agree.  What's next? Rocks? Sissors? Paper?
I just thought I would pass along something I found on another forum.  British Ban Knives!  According to the January 2007 issue of Blade magazine in an article written by Evan F. Nappen, attorney at law, all knives with any kind of a point, that aren't blunt, INCLUDING KITCHEN KNIVES, are now banned in the United Kingdom.  Of course, they had an amnesty period between 2-20-06 and 3-31-06 where "Bins will be placed outside Police stations in Croydon during the above dates, where you can bin a knife without fear of arrest."  Hey... "It's A Fact---Knives Take Lives!"  Anybody else read this? I highly recommend it.  This is heralds the downfall of civilized man. In the very beginning of "civilized man" man invented the pointy knife as he found it useful for everything necessary for his survival. Now, those that think they are the most civilized men on the planet think that it's time to get rid of them and those that don't agree.  What's next? Rocks? Sissors? Paper?  Im guessing that was a joke?
Im guessing that was a joke?  Same. I'd think we'd have heard about it if it were true. Any actual credible source?
Same. I'd think we'd have heard about it if it were true. Any actual credible source?  Yes, not im almost dead sure it was a joke. Im starting to feel stupid that we actually thought it was true. Actually, the antis should be feeling stupid, because people actually think something that horrible has happened.
I don't know if there is a ban or not, but I read about a call to ban long pointed kitchen knives not to long ago. I just checked, and the link is still good:  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/4581871.stm  I agree that self defense is an entirely lawful and laudable use of firearms.  ---  "If a slave, says Plato, defends himself, and kills a freeman, he ought to be treated as a parricide. This is a civil law which punishes self-defense, though dictated by nature. . . .  It is unreasonable. . .to oblige a man not to attempt the defense of his own life. . . .  Who does not see that self-defense is a duty superior to every precept. . . .  [T]he laws of an Italian republic [Venice], where bearing fire-arms is punished as a capital crime and where it is not more fatal to make an ill use of them than to carry them, is not agreeable to the nature of things." Montesquieu, The Spirit of Laws, pp. 59, 60, 64, and 79-80 (trans. T. Nugent, 1899).
I don't know if it is true or not. I just found it on another forum (GT) and figured someone here might be able to shoot it down or back it up. I did however, hear something similar to this a short while back. Maybe this is what I was hearing.
my arguments still stand no matter what I eat  While it's true that being a hypocrite doesn't make a person wrong, you have yet to demonstrate why I, a human, should value the life of a cow or deer more than I value the life of a potato or strawberry.  there are many objects which can be used as a weapon, even our own fists; however only guns are designed and used for only one purpose: to kill.  Please be accurate. They are tools designed to make small pieces of metal travel very fast. Those small pieces of metal can be used to cause injury and death.  Can you please explain the relevance of this in relation to making society a safer place? On the surface it would seem obvious. Remove weapons, and people will stop getting hurt. Unfortunately, the data simply doesn't support that. As I have pointed out several times, rates of assault, homicide, rape and sexual assault have all increased, and remain at higher rates now than before the gun laws were tightened.  The bottom line is that, despite the removal of weapons, our society is still more dangerous than it was. The prevalence of items which can be used to kill is, seemingly, irrelevant.  However, one could certainly conclude that banning cars would result in a much lower road toll, making our society far safer than banning guns did. However, I see no calls for to have cars banned.
Guns kill. Simple as that. Therefore it should be banned. but they also save lives.  Abduction interrupted Oakland Hills home invasion ends in shootout; women safe; police seek suspect A masked man abducted an Oakland Hills woman and her maid at gunpoint Friday before driving the pair to a Vallejo marsh, where authorities speculate he was about to kill them when a property caretaker interrupted the crime.  The suspect had just forced one of the women to lie down in a ditch when the caretaker, armed with a shotgun for protection against thieves, arrived around 2 p.m., authorities said. The suspect and caretaker exchanged shots before the suspect sped away in the Oakland woman's Lexus sport-utility vehicle.   No one was hit, and the women were not injured, though they had been bound and gagged. Tape could still be seen around one woman's neck as investigators questioned her at the Highway 37 scene.   The suspect had unsuccessfully robbed the women, and authorities suspect he was trying to find an isolated spot to kill them.   "I don't know why else he would take her over there and make her lie in the ditch," Sheriff's Sgt. Jeff Brackett said.   The shaken-up caretaker, Doug Paul of Vallejo, said: "I think he was doing something bad. It's pretty f---ed up to have a woman gagged and bound."   Authorities are on the lookout for the dark gray 2006 Lexus RX 400H Hybrid with California license plate number VMSUSS. The suspect is described as a large white man, at least 6 feet tall and 200 pounds. He was wearing a tank top, black gloves and possibly blue jeans.  Authorities ask anyone who spots the vehicle to call 9-1-1 or the Solano County Sheriff's Dispatch at 421-7090. Because the suspect is considered armed and dangerous, authorities warn anyone who sees the vehicle not to approach it or the suspect.   After interviewing the women and caretaker, Brackett said this is what investigators believe happened:   The suspect allegedly invaded the upscale Oakland home in the first block of Sheridan Road and demanded cash from the 44-year-old homeowner and her 29-year-old maid. The women told authorities they do not know the man.   Armed with a gun and knife, the suspect handcuffed them at the wrists and ankles, and taped their mouths with clear packing-style tape. He then forced the women into the Lexus and drove around for several hours, saying little to them.   He did not say he intended to kill them, but at one point said he might seek a ransom for the older woman. That leads detectives to wonder if he knew the woman or her husband.   The suspect pulled into a parking lot off westbound Highway 37 north of Wilson Avenue in unincorporated Vallejo. Leaving the maid in the vehicle, he led the homeowner into the adjacent marsh and forced her to lie down in a ditch behind a berm.   Just then, the caretaker and a friend pulled into the lot to conduct the weekly check on the property. The maid got out of the Lexus and screamed for help.   As the caretaker and friend were talking to the maid, the suspect emerged from behind 12-foot high weeds and ran toward the Lexus. The caretaker fired a warning shot to stop the suspect from fleeing, and the suspect fired three shots before taking off.   The caretaker told the Times-Herald he dodged the suspect's bullets buy ducking in front of his car.   "It was amazing I wasn't shot," the caretaker said. "At that time I was counting my blessings."   As Paul was calling 9-1-1 from his cell phone, his friend, identified only as Roger, followed the suspect into Vallejo. The suspect fired at least one shot before Roger lost site of the vehicle.   The 49-year-old Paul, who said he watches the property for The Oasis Corporation, wiped tears away as he recalled the bizarre incident. Paul said he arms himself because his mobile home at the site is frequently burglarized.   "This has never been a safe piece of property," Paul said.   Although Paul said he feels lucky to have arrived in time to save the women from the suspect, he said, "Being at the right place at the right time would have been when this a--hole was born."  http://www.timesheraldonline.com/ci_4567700  unless yuo think some one who would kidnap 2 people, and rob them, would follow other laws.
Winston, you have not answered any of his questions. Criminals are going to pack no matter what, laws or not. It only makes sense to give civillians the right to defend themselves. Can you please explain why you are against guns?
so one needs a gun to defend oneself from another guy packing a gun. Hmm....  How is need related to the issue? No one needs an SUV, cigarettes or fast food, all of which are responsible for a more dangerous society than firearms yet are still legal.  Certainly no one needs a gun, for any reason. No one needs a couch, fridge or television either. No one needs a car, and we certainly don't need things like swimming pools or computers. But thats not relevant.  What is relevant. Indeed, the only thing that is relevant is this: Can the removal of weapons from society be demonstrated to cause a significant decrease in rates of violent crime?  In short, are we safer without guns?  My response is the same as it was previously. No, we are not safer. The stats support it, both here and in England. Many states in the USA that have taken a shall-issue policy to CCW permits have experienced reduced levels of violent crime, indicating that guns may in fact make us more safe. It doesn't matter if guns can be used to kill. It doesn't matter what they were designed to do, and it doesn't matter if we need them or not. The only thing that matters is whether having them around makes us less safe or not.
SUVs are a mean of transportation cigarettes are for relaxation fast foood is food Guns are for punching holes in targets, mainly human targets. Only the Police and the Army ought to be allowed to carry guns.  Nobody else ought to own one.  Allright, allright! We get it! Because guns are used to shoot things, they are bad. We understand your opening statement.  Unfortunately, that seems to be all we can get from you. Because guns are used to shoot things, they are bad.  I hope you'll not think me rude if I ask for a little more depth from you?  For example, perhaps you could address the following question:  How is the intended purpose of an item related to it's impact on a safer society?  For example: Obesity kills more people than guns do, so it would make us safer to ban McDonalds than it would to ban handguns, regardless of the fact that a hamburger is meant to be eaten, while a gun is meant to shoot things.  Also: More people are killed in car accidents than are killed by guns. If we banned cars, we would save more lives than we would by banning guns, regardless of the fact that a car is used for transport and a gun is used to shoot things.  Now, following on from that comes a tricky question. I can only assume that your desire for a safer society is genuine. The passion that can be generated by the gun control debate is a direct result of peoples natural desire to live in a safer world, so when you say you want guns banned, I genuinely believe you want everyone to be safer.  However, when confronted with facts (cars, drugs, alcohol, cigarettes, even swimming pools kill more people than guns, and that removing guns hasn't resulted in lower rates of violent crime) you refuse to engage in a discussion and instead continue to insist we should ban guns.  My question to you is; why, even though it has been clearly demonstrated that removing guns doesn't make us safer, do you continue to insist we ban them?  Why, when it has been clearly demonstrated that there are much more dangerous things in society, do you continue to insist that guns are dangerous enough to ban?
Adept, you have made great points. I find it hard to believe that anybody who is truthful and takes an honest look at the facts could disagree with you. I also doubt that Winston will be able to come up with any type of coherent response that ventures beyond a simple anger towards guns.
SUVs are a mean of transportation  that burn massive amounts of gas, releasing deadly toxins into the air........OMG! We're all going to die!  cigarettes are for relaxation that burn and produce massive amounts of gases, releasing deadly toxins into the air........OMG! We're all going to die!  fast foood is food that contains trans-fatty acid that clog arteries, causing massive heart attacks........OMG! We're all going to die!  Guns are for punching holes in targets, mainly human targets. and when you shoot them, they release toxic gases and pieces of lead that are toxic......OMG! We're all going to die!  Only the Police and the Army ought to be allowed to carry guns.  Nobody else ought to own one.  How dare the average citizen think that he has a right to own personal property. I think that only cops should be able to drive SUVs, smoke cigarettes, eat greasy donuts and fast food and shoot guns. emoticon_xkill
SUVs are a mean of transportation cigarettes are for relaxation fast foood is food Guns are for punching holes in targets, mainly human targets. Only the Police and the Army ought to be allowed to carry guns.  Nobody else ought to own one.  You can see it any way.  Cigaretts are for Suicide Fast food is for unhealthyness and death Guns are for killing SUVs are for Vehicle manslaughter Speakers are for hearing damage  Thats the way you see it. I see it  Cigaretts are for recreation Fast food is to eat Guns are for defense and recreation SUVs are for transporting Speakers are for listening  Which way do you want to put it. You cant say "SUVs are for transporting and guns are for killing". You can say SUVs are for vehicle manslughter and Guns are for killing, or you can say SUVs are for transportation and guns are for defense and recreation. It doesn't make sense to say both. Im only pointing out flaws in your logic.
that burn massive amounts of gas, releasing deadly toxins into the air........OMG! We're all going to die!  that burn and produce massive amounts of gases, releasing deadly toxins into the air........OMG! We're all going to die!  that contains trans-fatty acid that clog arteries, causing massive heart attacks........OMG! We're all going to die!  and when you shoot them, they release toxic gases and pieces of lead that are toxic......OMG! We're all going to die!   How dare the average citizen think that he has a right to own personal property. I think that only cops should be able to drive SUVs, smoke cigarettes, eat greasy donuts and fast food and shoot guns. emoticon_xkill  I couldn't help but chuckle at that. Nice joke, you should start writing chain letters emoticon_xhoho.
SUVs are a mean of transportation cigarettes are for relaxation fast foood is food Guns are for punching holes in targets, mainly human targets. Only the Police and the Army ought to be allowed to carry guns.  Nobody else ought to own one.  That worked well in Europe during the '30s didnt it?
That worked well in Europe during the '30s didnt it?  Yep, it sure did, and it worked well in Europe during the 1990's in Bosnia and Kosova as well. The Europeans know better than anyone else how to use guns to kill.
Yep, it sure did, and it worked well in Europe during the 1990's in Bosnia and Kosova as well. The Europeans know better than anyone else how to use guns to kill.  Are you a nazi?
Are you a nazi?   Are you a nazi? Sorry don't see the connection between Bosnia and Kosovo and Nazis.....maybe you do ?
Are you a nazi? Sorry don't see the connection between Bosnia and Kosovo and Nazis.....maybe you do ?  Maybe i read it wrong. I though you stated that you supported the holocaust.
That poster is always making random strawman arguments...just ignore and move on.  Hahaha! You are the one that makes the strawman arguments steeeve. Your childish personal attacks mean nothing to me or this thread. Go away, and learn some manners while you're at it.
That poster is always making random strawman arguments...just ignore and move on.   Thanks for the tip...makes sense now.
Maybe i read it wrong. I though you stated that you supported the holocaust.   I didn't even mention the holocaust in my post, so I am deeply mystified why you thought I supported the holocaust.
I didn't even mention the holocaust in my post, so I am deeply mystified why you thought I supported the holocaust.  Well, you stated that gun control "worked well" in Europe during the 30s, which was the time of the holocaust. By stating gun control "worked well", I assumed that you supported or condoned what the nazis were doing to the Jews. However, I assume I was incorrect.   And regarding you and Steeeve's childish attacks, I will ignore them at the moment, but if you decide to resume this behavior I will be forced to report it.
what are you refering to SUVS, cigarettes, fast food?  if you are referring to gun control being the cause of nazism, I think that the the lead has gone to your brain.   If one day for any reason the government of your country decides to declare an state of emergency, and declare martial law. You and your gun crazy ilk better applaud the action taken, for no matter how much weaponry you keep under your pillow you won't have a chance against an army or police or civil guard. so keep playing with your guns and fantasising your are protected or whatever other fantasies you may dream about  Nobody is saying gun control caused Nazis; that is absurd. However, Adolph Hitler and pretty much every other dictator interested in domination of their people has listed gun control as an integral part of their plan. I wonder why that is? Was Hitler interested in protecting people? Was he interested in banning guns for the good and safety of his people? I highly doubt it. He just didn't want people to be able to fight back. Unlike you, Hitler was astute enough to realize that guns in the hands of his citizens was a powerful direct threat to his control. The entire American revolution was fought against all odds. A lot can be accomplished against a superior force with the right tactics; just look at Iraq. So you can continue to come up with fantasy scenarios to illustrate your absurd point of view. Meanwhile, the rest of us are just going to go by reality and stats to support the RKBA.
I still do not understand why people want to take my guns away. I have committed no crimes. I am a law abiding citizen. My guns are no threat to anyone unless they try to do me harm. i have hours and hours of fun with them while at the range with my son. It is a very entertaining sport and teaches my child resposibility.  If they want to take them away from someone why not take them away from the criminals? Just leave the rest of us alone.
Nobody is saying gun control caused Nazis; that is absurd. However, Adolph Hitler and pretty much every other dictator interested in domination of their people has listed gun control as an integral part of their plan. I wonder why that is? Was Hitler interested in protecting people? Was he interested in banning guns for the good and safety of his people? I highly doubt it. He just didn't want people to be able to fight back. Unlike you, Hitler was astute enough to realize that guns in the hands of his citizens was a powerful direct threat to his control. The entire American revolution was fought against all odds. A lot can be accomplished against a superior force with the right tactics; just look at Iraq. So you can continue to come up with fantasy scenarios to illustrate your absurd point of view. Meanwhile, the rest of us are just going to go by reality and stats to support the RKBA.   The Nazis passed a gun ban for Jews only in 1938. The Weimer Republic had already established gun registration, so all the Nazis had to do was check the list and see what Jews had guns.
Well, you stated that gun control "worked well" in Europe during the 30s, which was the time of the holocaust. By stating gun control "worked well", I assumed that you supported or condoned what the nazis were doing to the Jews. However, I assume I was incorrect.   And regarding you and Steeeve's childish attacks, I will ignore them at the moment, but if you decide to resume this behavior I will be forced to report it.   Obviously sarcasm escapes you....if you did not understand that remark about gun control working in Europe during the 1930's.  Report me? My knees are trembling already.  I believe Steeve was expressing his right to free speech.
No I get it, you Americans need your guns to protect yourself from your government in case the American Nazi Party comes to power or the Brits try to make a come back. Simple! why didn't you say that earlier?  No, no, no. We need them to shoot clueless Aussie tourists. emoticon_xkill emoticon_xgood
No, no, no. We need them to shoot clueless Aussie tourists. emoticon_xkill emoticon_xgood  emoticon_xdonno  Crikey!  :)
what are you refering to SUVS, cigarettes, fast food?  if you are referring to gun control being the cause of nazism, I think that the the lead has gone to your brain.   If one day for any reason the government of your country decides to declare an state of emergency, and declare martial law.   Who said anything about nazism? I ask you this: What if the holocaust victims were armed?  You and your gun crazy ilk better applaud the action taken, for no matter how much weaponry you keep under your pillow you won't have a chance against an army or police or civil guard. so keep playing with your guns and fantasising your are protected or whatever other fantasies you may dream about  Gun crazy? Are you rape crazy for condoning gun control? No? So shut up.  Thanks to people like you, we may actually never stand a chance agains the poliece or government. But at least we'd put up a fight, and not become unarmed victims in prison camps being starved to death like the holocaust, which you obviously want. Better to go quietly eh? We acutally probably do stand a chance, since we completely outnumber the poliece and military. But, we cannot do it with so called "hunting rifles". You cant defend yourself with a bolt action. Therefore, we should have the same guns as the poliece and military. Studies have shown that this does not increase crime.  The RTBA was created to check the government, and is a part of our delacate system of checks and balances. Trying to condone gun control would be like eliminating one of the three branches. Not a good idea.
No I get it, you Americans need your guns to protect yourself from your government in case the American Nazi Party comes to power or the Brits try to make a come back. Simple! why didn't you say that earlier?  With this idiot in power at the moment its becoming very likely.
Obviously sarcasm escapes you....if you did not understand that remark about gun control working in Europe during the 1930's.  Report me? My knees are trembling already.  I believe Steeve was expressing his right to free speech.  His free speech ends at the tip of a mod's nose. Nice try.  Besides, I'm practicing my Data voice :).
Well to match the US military in weaponry in case the citizenship has to defend itself from those it elected, (an absurd notion, but what the heck) every citizen ought to have the right to purchase nukes,and associated delivery systems, at least a fighter plane, a bomber, an aircraft carrier and any other kind of weapon in the US Defense inventory. Only then would the citizenhip feel safe and secure, and confident that the fate of European Jews under nazism will never be the forerunner of similar events in the USA.  I have learned so much reading this thread about..... paranoia, insecurity, fantasies, security blankets etc.  Yeah, it's an absurd idea to think that citizens may have to defend themselves from a violent government. That has never happened ever in history. Not once. It is just paranoia. Ruby Ridge, Waco, Kent State...it's not like these things don't happen, and the ignorance is in thinking that being wary of such events is simply paranoia.
emoticon_xdonno  Crikey!  :)  I said "clueless Aussie tourists". You're not included. ;)
[QUOTE=Shooterandproud;238491]His free speech ends at the tip of a mod's nose. Nice try.  Besides, I'm practicing my Data voice :).[/QUOTE   LOL !!   'Big brother', does this mean you won't report us ?
Well to match the US military in weaponry in case the citizenship has to defend itself from those it elected, (an absurd notion, but what the heck) every citizen ought to have the right to purchase nukes,and associated delivery systems, at least a fighter plane, a bomber, an aircraft carrier and any other kind of weapon in the US Defense inventory. Only then would the citizenhip feel safe and secure, and confident that the fate of European Jews under nazism will never be the forerunner of similar events in the USA.  I have learned so much reading this thread about..... paranoia, insecurity, fantasies, security blankets etc.  Nukes can cause civillian casualties, and therefore are going to be useless in combat against ourselves. We can already own fighter planes, just no bombs, which arent really needed anyway. The government wouldnt use it on us, just like they didnt use it to forced the jews into camps. They used guns, and thats what its going to come down to. Look at Vietnam, they didn't have any jets, bombs, nukes, whatever. And they still won. Look at Iraq. We have the most advanced weapondry in the world and were still getting our a$$es kicked by a bunch of rag-tag terrorists.  You also cant ignore the fact that criminals push for gun control. Infact, almost all criminals push for gun control, it is their best friend. And, considering a rape crazy person such as yourself, you would want your victims to be defenseless just like any other rapist out there. Therefore no wonder you would push for gun control.
To all Minutemen: Latest news: Al-Qaeda is a front for a British royalist group trying to re-establish British rule from the Artic to the el Rio Grande. An expeditionary British Force being assembled in Toronto has been sighted. Thanks God! for the right to bear arms.  http://www.nrapublications.org/armed%20citizen/Index.asp  Thanks God! for the right to bear arms!
[QUOTE=mae;238607]His free speech ends at the tip of a mod's nose. Nice try.  Besides, I'm practicing my Data voice :).[/QUOTE   LOL !!   'Big brother', does this mean you won't report us ?  I am sorry sir, but I do not comply. I feel no human emotions, therefore I cannot understand your sarcasm. May you please elaborate what "Big brother" may mean, I do not have the defonition programed into my posotronic brain.  However, since you have refrained from childish behavior I do not feel any obligaiton to report you.   Good day to you, sir.
[QUOTE=Shooterandproud;238619]  I am sorry sir, but I do not comply. I feel no human emotions, therefore I cannot understand your sarcasm. May you please elaborate what "Big brother" may mean, I do not have the defonition programed into my posotronic brain.  However, since you have refrained from childish behavior I do not feel any obligaiton to report you.   Good day to you, sir.  Pardon me Sir, bite your tongue. I Sir, am no Sir.  I believe you may have met 'Big brother' in 1984 but you may have forgotten due to your lack of human emotions. Please do not fret over having a posotronic brain, it is more than some posters have here.  And a very good day to you too Sir !
[QUOTE=mae;238760]  Pardon me Sir, bite your tongue. I Sir, am no Sir.  I believe you may have met 'Big brother' in 1984 but you may have forgotten due to your lack of human emotions. Please do not fret over having a posotronic brain, it is more than some posters have here.  And a very good day to you too Sir !  I thank you for your completemnt. Perhaps you are referring to famous writer George Orwell's 1984 that I must've neglected. Thank you for pointing that out.  I even believe you may have assisted me on my quest to become more human.
[QUOTE=Shooterandproud;238768]  I thank you for your completemnt. Perhaps you are referring to famous writer George Orwell's 1984 that I must've neglected. Thank you for pointing that out.  I even believe you may have assisted me on my quest to become more human.  LOL !  Glad to be of help in your quest to become a human but I am not sure the "thought police" will be too happy about that.
[QUOTE=mae;238898]  LOL !  Glad to be of help in your quest to become a human but I am not sure the "thought police" will be too happy about that.  Hah! Bring hentz these "thought poliece" and I shall slay them one by one with my Phaser!
[QUOTE=Shooterandproud;239025]  Hah! Bring hentz these "thought poliece" and I shall slay them one by one with my Phaser!  Oh my God! You have finally become human.....'The party' has invited you for visit to the 'Ministry of Truth'.
[QUOTE=mae;239043]  Oh my God! You have finally become human.....'The party' has invited you for visit to the 'Ministry of Truth'.  I am sorry to get your hopes up, it may have been a glitch in my posotronic brain. Running a self diagnostic now..
Well, I havent read through all the previous post replies but i can simply say that we own several shotguns for hunting purposes, hunting animals, not people. they are safely locked away and the slugs are never kept in the same area. after each use they are double checked by both me and my husband to make sure there are no slugs left in the chamber and the safety is on. Our daughter is just a baby but we will be sure that when she gets old enough to understand, that we teach her that guns are not toys and she is not to touch them! eventually she WILL be taught to use them to hunt and will ONLY be able to use them under our supervision.  In my opinion kids that get ahold of guns and accidentally shoot someone, are not taught that they are not toys and in some cases its poor parenting by leaving guns laying around loaded.  My husband wants to teach our daugther to hunt and how to use a .22cal real young, like his buddy did with his son, his son knows that he is not to go near the locked cabinet unless his dad is there with him and he knows proper etiquette. But I still think that even he is too young; even with parental supervision something can happen!
Well, I havent read through all the previous post replies but i can simply say that we own several shotguns for hunting purposes, hunting animals, not people. they are safely locked away and the slugs are never kept in the same area. after each use they are double checked by both me and my husband to make sure there are no slugs left in the chamber and the safety is on. Our daughter is just a baby but we will be sure that when she gets old enough to understand, that we teach her that guns are not toys and she is not to touch them! eventually she WILL be taught to use them to hunt and will ONLY be able to use them under our supervision.  In my opinion kids that get ahold of guns and accidentally shoot someone, are not taught that they are not toys and in some cases its poor parenting by leaving guns laying around loaded.  My husband wants to teach our daugther to hunt and how to use a .22cal real young, like his buddy did with his son, his son knows that he is not to go near the locked cabinet unless his dad is there with him and he knows proper etiquette. But I still think that even he is too young; even with parental supervision something can happen!  My 5 year old second cousin leaned to shoot when he was 5 with a .22LR. I learned at 7. Anyway, im glad to see you are teaching your children to hunt young, its a great outdoor sport. I believe you are correct about kids shooting each other. IMO, schools should have a gun safety course, and parents should be encouraged to make their kids take a gun safety class down at the range.
The RTBA is only an effective check to the government 1) if the government uses force of arms to impose its will, and 2) if those who oppose it are able to organise and mobilise strength of numbers.   The current American administration has far subtler and more effective means of achieving its objectives at its disposal, and is merrily undermining your right and ability to oppose them on those fronts. The demonising of political opponents, ever-weakening privacy protection, imprisonment without trial - all calculated to make organising effective opposition impossible. All this republican hollering about RTBA is merely a sop to the electorate; it's meaningless in any analysis of balance-of-power.  In terms of personal protection, statistics are widely abused on both sides, making an accurate determination difficult. It is hard to make a clear-cut case either way, especially when cultural influences are taken into account, let alone the psychological influence the current status-quo would have on any enforced policy changes. I'm reminded of a study in Sweden (if memory serves) where flouride was first added to the water supply and later removed because the incidence of tooth decay actually rose - not because of the flouride, but because the population, aware of the change, stopped brushing their teeth as dilligently. The consequences of banning - say - handguns in America would be very unlikely to mirror the current situation in countries where guns have already been outlawed for a considerable time. Whether violent crime would eventually stabilise at a 'better' level is more or less irrelevant when any initial increase would see a ban repealed almost immediately before it could do any good.  In the final analysis, I think America is probably stuck with gun ownership for the forseeable future simply because most paths from the current situation - though they may eventually lead to a better one - initially appear to head downhill.  You haven't really made any convincing argument or relevant point here. Saying that the RKBA is only an effective check if .... (fill in excuse here) is a pointless argument that could be used for any topic. For example, making rape illegal is only effective if we are able to catch rapists and punish them. Therefore, if any rapists are able to escape, does that mean we should just go ahead and legalize rape? Of course not.  As for your personal protection argument, that is just flat wrong based on simple logic. Of course statistics can be manipulated to prove a point; it is done all the time with everything. However, all you have to do is ask yourself a simple question. If you are a criminal, would you rather your victim be armed or not? The answer is clear. So if criminals would be in favor of banning guns, does that mean it would be in the best interest of society? Probably not.
The RTBA is only an effective check to the government 1) if the government uses force of arms to impose its will, and 2) if those who oppose it are able to organise and mobilise strength of numbers.    What makes a government a government is the pseudo monopolization of force to impose its will. All governments rule by fear of consequences. We pay our taxes becuase we are afraid of being arrested if we don't. We don't break laws because we are afraid of the consequences. That is the basis of all government everywhere.   #2 is exactly why we have the RKBA. All governments eventually become tyranical. It is axiomatic. Every government in the history of the world has eventually gone down that road. The RKBA is SUPPOSED to ensure that we as citizens have the tools at our disposal to mobilize strength of numbers if needed and not be slaughtered for our trouble becuase we were forced to stand unarmed against a heavily armed government.
Well let me say that I agree we need to be on our guard to protect more than just the RKBA. I have never been a supporter of the current administration's crime/terrorism fighting strategy where it encroaches on civil liberties.   Listen, it is already frighteningly easy for law enforcement to lawfully break into your home. I know. I have on many occasions drafted the search warrants they use for this purpose. I've gone with officers and watched them break open doors. I've gone into houses with them, and watched them round up people and force them to lie face down at gunpoint in their own living rooms. I've watched officers rifle through clothes drawers, pull down and go through boxes of family photographs from the top shelves of closets, share a laugh when they find embarrassing sex toys, shout in triumph when they find a big wad of cash or drugs, take computers and other digital media away for later analysis, go through file cabinets in search of bank records, etc. I've later listened to tape recordings of phone calls made by the targets of search warrants, and heard how they complain to their wives/girlfriends/parents/children about how the house was violated and trashed during the search.  The first and primary defense against this kind of power being abused is the trust you have to place in the officers themselves-the trust that they will know and obey the law and not lie to obtain probable cause on a search warrant. The second defense is your right to go to court after your privacy has been violated and demand that the government prove it did not violate your civil liberties by the search.   Our civil liberties need people who are willing to stand up and protect them--everyday. I agree that we cannot be so focused on the RKBA that we forget the other rights in the Bill of Rights. Indeed, in my opinion the RKBA was listed in the BoR as a measure for protecting these other liberties.   At the same time, I have little patience with dilettante civil libertarians who chant trendy slogans about protecting our rights only to blanch and fall silent when the RKBA is threatened. In my opinion, the Constitution is not a cut and paste document. We cannot safely treat the RKBA like it is the ugly red-headed step-child of the family of civil liberties. We cannot safely urge the government to destroy or even silently watch the government consume this liberty interest. If we do so, then we encourage others to attempt to eliminate portions of the Constitution which they find undesirable. It is too easy for a successful government sponsored slogan of "it's too dangerous to allow people to have guns in such a violent culture" to be turned into "well it's also too dangerous to have a 4th. Amendment in the face of such violent Islamic terrorism." How many of our civil liberties are we willing to sacrifice at the altar of expediency in this fashion?   For me, the answer is not one. Not now, not ever.  ---  "The great ideals of liberty and equality are preserved against the assaults of opportunism, the expediency of the passing hour, the erosion of small encroachments, the scorn and derision of those who have no patience with general principles, by enshrining them in constitutions, and consecrating to the task of their protection a body of defenders." Justice Benjamin Cardozo, The Nature of the Judicial Process, Lecture II, 1921.  "Experience should teach us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the Government's purposes are beneficent. Men born to freedom are naturally alert to repel invasion of their liberty by evil-minded rulers. The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding." Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis, Olmstead v. United States, 277 U.S. 438, 485 (1928) (dissenting opinion).  "For those who beat their swords into plowshares will plow for those who didn't." -Bryan
You speak eloquently and persuasively. The point I'm trying to make, however, is that one should recognise that the golden age of the RKBA (apologies for previous misspelling) as a front-line defence against the erosion of civil liberties is - for now at least - over. The pen may be mightier than the sword, but the routine sifting of internet traffic, the cell-phone trace, and the television set make the gun look faintly ridiculous.  The battle of the people to retain civil liberties wages on, even though the weapons and battleground itself may be changing. In the past, governments were able to control people because they simply had more firepower. To an extent this remains true today. No matter how many guns I stockpile, I am not going to be able to stop a tank. However, the new weapon is information and the new battleground is the internet. But this doesn't mean we should be willing to give up our guns. And we certainly shouldn't be forced to do so.
If the US Government ever turned tyrannical the US citizens would get squashed fairly quickly, unless they adopt the same tactics as the insurgents in Iraq. They might just have a chance in a protracted conflict.  The only chance that our government could turn tyrannical and stay in power is if foreign troops were used to support it. Our young soldiers aren't going to go door-to-door shooting their relatives and that's what it would take.
Soldiers are trained to obey orders, I view the Military(like the Police) as just another manifestation of state violence over the citizen. Sure some will probably lay down there arms but most will follow orders because that is what they are trained to do.  You underestimate the US soldier.
Soldiers are trained to obey orders, I view the Military(like the Police) as just another manifestation of state violence over the citizen. Sure some will probably lay down there arms but most will follow orders because that is what they are trained to do.  You my friend greatly under estimate the training a soldier receives as well as the soldiers themselves. As a former soldier I can say with absolute accuracy that it is the "DUTY" of a soldier NOT TO OBEY an unlawful order. We are not nazi's that use "we were under orders" as an excuse to break the law. Sure there are some that will do as you say but American soldiers are trained to think for themselves and not blindly obey.
If the US Government ever turned tyrannical the US citizens would get squashed fairly quickly, unless they adopt the same tactics as the insurgents in Iraq. They might just have a chance in a protracted conflict.  To me on the outside of the US the RKBA seems archaic, back when it was devised a citizens militia armed with muskets could hold its own against a regular army. The Army and the Militia would be essentially armed in the same way, the only difference would be training. This is not true today when you have armed forces armed with all sorts of high tech equipment, aircraft, tanks, precision guided bombs. A citizen that owns a hand gun would be no match to the might of a modern armed forces like the US Government has at its disposal. So in my opinion the argument that RKBA protects you from a Tyrannical Government is a erroneous one in this day and age.  I must stress that I would never ban guns in the US, you guys have too many in circulation and it would probably just leave the criminals with a large cache guns.  Then could you please elaborate what the hell happened in vietnam and Iraq?
I agree with his statement. In no way become disillusioned to think a rifle can go against a tank or jet fighter. The Vietnamese had more than just rifles in the Vietnam "security measure", they were provided with large numbers of SAMs from Russia/China, they had light tanks, RPGs, mines, mortar and artillery pieces. Even the Iraqis have RPGs, explosives, grenades and shoulder mounted SAMs (stinger missiles). Even with that, Iraqi rebels aren't close to "winning" the war or even taking over any significant territory.
In Vietnam the public opposition to the war grew so great that eventually it was decided it was best to stop fighting. North Vietnamese forces could have never beaten the US Army had it decided to stay and fight. Their casualties were much, much greater than ours. The interesting thing about Iraq is that rebellion has been a much more frequent occurence since the US invasion. People were much more afraid to rebel against Hussein because they knew the retribution by Hussein would be horrible.... mass torture, executions, imprisonment etc. That's what happened when someone from Dujail shot at Hussein but missed. So when a successful rebellion is most needed (when a true tryrant is in power) people are least likely to attempt it.  Excellent point...and one too often missed. emoticon_xgood
In Vietnam the public opposition to the war grew so great that eventually it was decided it was best to stop fighting. North Vietnamese forces could have never beaten the US Army had it decided to stay and fight. Their casualties were much, much greater than ours.   I'll have to disagree with part of that. Acceleration of the US draft to a point where it would have provided the additional troops required to occupy N. Vietnam was the domestic political block, public opposition would have been expressed in riots. Internationally, China's position was if the US decided to invade and occupy N. Vietnam, China would aid N. Vietnam with material and troops rather than having a million US combat troops with air support sitting on that border with the then hostile to China USSR on the other side. Not much of a decision for the US to get out of Vietnam.
But not even the NRA is advocating this. People on both sides of the debate are just not interested in following the Second Amendment.  I agree with this statement. Neither Pro or Antis are following the constitution to the intent of which it was written. The government is breaking the 2nd amendment already by "infringing" on the rights of "the people" to own ARMS. A ban is in effect for biological weapons. The same companies that contract artillery/missiles out to the military are not allowed to sell to the public. "The people" include ex-criminals or else why are they allowed in the country? The 2nd amendment is archaic in this sense. No one abides by it's true meaning.   Most people want their guns MOSTLY for entertainment. Why are auto-loading pistols so prolific? When in need why use a pistol design that is more susceptible to jamming/FTF? Is it the capacity? I can almost guarantee you that if you unload an entire magazine on a criminal you will get charged. So why aren't revolvers anywhere as popular as auto-loaders? They pretty much never jam and in case of FTF you just pull the trigger again. Why do people even buy 9mm? Because it's fun to unload 17 light rounds into the backstop at the range instead of 6 hand smashing .44mags....also an auto-loader is in "style". There's nothing wrong with having guns just for fun, I don't see why anyone doesn't admit to it. When asked why do you have guns? You always see..."For self protection". Why do you keep an AR-15? "For home defense." Seriously folks...for home defense? How many of you AR-15 folks stock nothing but FMJs? What happened to the shotgun? You can get auto-loading 12 gauges with detachable 20 round mags for half the price of an AR. Why are folks so hard to admit that guns are fun and that's a valid reason to have guns? When you ask a guy why he has a sports car, you don't get "To outrun criminals."
You my friend greatly under estimate the training a soldier receives as well as the soldiers themselves. As a former soldier I can say with absolute accuracy that it is the "DUTY" of a soldier NOT TO OBEY an unlawful order. We are not nazi's that use "we were under orders" as an excuse to break the law. Sure there are some that will do as you say but American soldiers are trained to think for themselves and not blindly obey.  Well gee..could we give this same training to NOPD? I'm sure if ALL US soldiers were so adamant about their stance on morality as a result the NOPD would not have violated the 2nd Amendment like they did had they gone through this training. What about Lyndie England? She used the excuse of "I was following orders from my superior"? Would you trust her to uphold your rights if the time came?
Well gee..could we give this same training to NOPD? I'm sure if ALL US soldiers were so adamant about their stance on morality as a result the NOPD would not have violated the 2nd Amendment like they did had they gone through this training. What about Lyndie England? She used the excuse of "I was following orders from my superior"? Would you trust her to uphold your rights if the time came?  This is the reason she was punished.
I agree with this statement. Neither Pro or Antis are following the constitution to the intent of which it was written. The government is breaking the 2nd amendment already by "infringing" on the rights of "the people" to own ARMS. A ban is in effect for biological weapons. The same companies that contract artillery/missiles out to the military are not allowed to sell to the public. "The people" include ex-criminals or else why are they allowed in the country? The 2nd amendment is archaic in this sense. No one abides by it's true meaning.   Most people want their guns MOSTLY for entertainment. Why are auto-loading pistols so prolific? When in need why use a pistol design that is more susceptible to jamming/FTF? Is it the capacity? I can almost guarantee you that if you unload an entire magazine on a criminal you will get charged. So why aren't revolvers anywhere as popular as auto-loaders? They pretty much never jam and in case of FTF you just pull the trigger again. Why do people even buy 9mm? Because it's fun to unload 17 light rounds into the backstop at the range instead of 6 hand smashing .44mags....also an auto-loader is in "style". There's nothing wrong with having guns just for fun, I don't see why anyone doesn't admit to it. When asked why do you have guns? You always see..."For self protection". Why do you keep an AR-15? "For home defense." Seriously folks...for home defense? How many of you AR-15 folks stock nothing but FMJs? What happened to the shotgun? You can get auto-loading 12 gauges with detachable 20 round mags for half the price of an AR. Why are folks so hard to admit that guns are fun and that's a valid reason to have guns? When you ask a guy why he has a sports car, you don't get "To outrun criminals."  "Why are auto-loading pistols so prolific?" 1. Because they recoil less and carry more rounds than a revolver. You also have a limited choice of revolvers for calibers such as .45 ACP and 9 mm.  "When in need why use a pistol design that is more susceptible to jamming/FTF?" 2. This has not really been the case for many, many years now. The modern semi-automatic handgun is remarkably reliable. In fact I have never had a jam/FTF in my G30 with over 3,000 rds. fired and there are many people out there with similar experiences. "Is it the capacity?"  3. Partly yes. If I happen to miss a bad guy who is trying to hurt me should I be punished because I could not hit him with my first 5 or 6 rds.? There is a video floating around of a cop who shot a BG 5 or 6 times with his G21(.45 ACP) and the man was still able to advance on him. Most people shot by a handgun do NOT die. Handgun calibers are notoriously poor at killing people. A determined threat makes this even more of an issue.  "I can almost guarantee you that if you unload an entire magazine on a criminal you will get charged." 4. You're kidding right? This is simply not true and I would like to know how you can "almost guaruntee" this. There was a shooting here in Ft. Myers Beach a couple of years ago where a guy did just that. A father woke up in his hotel room with a guy on top of him. Another guy pulled his daughter into the bathroom. The father and BG#1 struggled. Father grabbed gun from under pillow and killed BG#1 then proceeded to unload into BG#2. Both BG's died and no charges were filed. Of course this was Florida and here if someone breaks into your house in is considered a threat to your life and or a threat of bodily harm. You can shoot them and have immunity to civil and criminal charges.  "So why aren't revolvers anywhere as popular as auto-loaders? They pretty much never jam and in case of FTF you just pull the trigger again. 5. You are right about the jamming/FTF issue; for the rest see #1-#4.  "Why do people even buy 9mm? Because it's fun to unload 17 light rounds into the backstop at the range instead of 6 hand smashing .44mags" 6. It is also easier to maintain rapid fire control for some people with the 9mm and yes as I said you mayneed more than just a few rds. to defend yourself. It is also, as you say, fun not to mention cheaper than .44mag.  "Why do you keep an AR-15? "For home defense." Seriously folks...for home defense?" 7. I keep an AR-15 for fun/home defense. The 5.56 is remarkably well suited for defense within the home. It will penetrate drywall less than the more common pistol calibers. The 5.56/.223 has a tendency to fragment; the same thing that makes it good for hurting people if needed. Why do you think most police dept. in America use the AR-15/M-16 or M-4 for building entry? It was designed for fighting for God's sake! How can you even ask this question? I guess because it is also good for targets out to 800m in some cases that you assume that long distance-mediam range shooting is it's only purpose.Before you say that the military uses it just for this, consider that most combat engagement ranges are at 300m and less. Even more are at the 100m and less mark. I suppose that you might just not know these things and there is nothing wrong with that.   "How many of you AR-15 folks stock nothing but FMJs?" 8. I do. See my comments on fragmentation at #7.  "What happened to the shotgun? You can get auto-loading 12 gauges with detachable 20 round mags for half the price of an AR." 9. I have a shotgun too. They are great for home defense. You are right, they are cheaper than an AR. They do penatrate walls more than a 5.56mm/.223 which makes them more dangerous to innocent family members and bystanders/neighbors. Then there is the fact that I may want to go to the range and shoot 100m to 400m distances. Can't do that with a shotgun with the same accuracy.   I hope response has been informative. If you have anymore question just ask. You may learn something.
I agree with his statement. In no way become disillusioned to think a rifle can go against a tank or jet fighter. The Vietnamese had more than just rifles in the Vietnam "security measure", they were provided with large numbers of SAMs from Russia/China, they had light tanks, RPGs, mines, mortar and artillery pieces. Even the Iraqis have RPGs, explosives, grenades and shoulder mounted SAMs (stinger missiles). Even with that, Iraqi rebels aren't close to "winning" the war or even taking over any significant territory.  First of all, who says that another country won't aid the american rebels? Second, if Iraqi's aren't close to winning, then what the hell is going on? We're suffering heavy casualties, when we have only scraped the tip of the iceberg on militia fighters. Firepower isn't all that can win a war. It takes will. If a people are truly determined to win, and they have some firepower at all, then they will win.
Your post brings few thoughts to mind. The intent behind the Second Amendment was to turn the adult citizenry of the nation into an effective fighting force. A force that the nation could depend on for its defense. If we really wanted to follow the Second Amendment people would need to be required to keep and train with all sorts of military weapons such as machine guns, explosives, greanades, shoulder mounted SAMs etc. But not even the NRA is advocating this. People on both sides of the debate are just not interested in following the Second Amendment.  The second amendmant is more of a right. It says that we can if we want to. The "militia" part of it does not limit the right of the people. I agree, times have changed, but the right to self defense has not.
In Vietnam the public opposition to the war grew so great that eventually it was decided it was best to stop fighting. North Vietnamese forces could have never beaten the US Army had it decided to stay and fight. Their casualties were much, much greater than ours.  But thats not the point. The point was that we pulled out.     The interesting thing about Iraq is that rebellion has been a much more frequent occurence since the US invasion. People were much more afraid to rebel against Hussein because they knew the retribution by Hussein would be horrible.... mass torture, executions, imprisonment etc. That's what happened when someone from Dujail shot at Hussein but missed. So when a successful rebellion is most needed (when a true tryrant is in power) people are least likely to attempt it.  Were Hussain's subjects even allowed to bear arms? Hussain is way different than anything that can happen in the US. Iraq is a third world country, we are much more modern and advanced.   This part of the RTBA is not really my main strong point, for the reasons you listed. However, it is very important from the self defense standpoint.
I agree with this statement. Neither Pro or Antis are following the constitution to the intent of which it was written. The government is breaking the 2nd amendment already by "infringing" on the rights of "the people" to own ARMS. A ban is in effect for biological weapons. The same companies that contract artillery/missiles out to the military are not allowed to sell to the public. "The people" include ex-criminals or else why are they allowed in the country? The 2nd amendment is archaic in this sense. No one abides by it's true meaning.  There is some false in that statement. Nothing in the amendment says that states cannot regulate the sale of arms.    Most people want their guns MOSTLY for entertainment. Why are auto-loading pistols so prolific? When in need why use a pistol design that is more susceptible to jamming/FTF? Is it the capacity?  It can fire faster for one thing, and hold more rounds. If you are in a situation where you need to defend yourself, you can't shoot as well under pressure. Thats what larger mags are for.      I can almost guarantee you that if you unload an entire magazine on a criminal you will get charged. So why aren't revolvers anywhere as popular as auto-loaders?  I personally am a fan of the revolver over the autoloader, but I'm sure its because of the way that autoloaders look so much cooler.     They pretty much never jam and in case of FTF you just pull the trigger again. Why do people even buy 9mm? Because it's fun to unload 17 light rounds into the backstop at the range instead of 6 hand smashing .44mags....also an auto-loader is in "style". There's nothing wrong with having guns just for fun, I don't see why anyone doesn't admit to it. When asked why do you have guns?  What do you mean "no one admits it"? I know plenty of people who use their guns for recreational shooting (targets, skeet, trap etc.), and hunting. I also know a lot of people who's guns are strictly for self-defense purposes only, although they don't deny the fact that its hell-a-fun going to the range and shooting up a target.     You always see..."For self protection". Why do you keep an AR-15? "For home defense." Seriously folks...for home defense? How many of you AR-15 folks stock nothing but FMJs? What happened to the shotgun? You can get auto-loading 12 gauges with detachable 20 round mags for half the price of an AR. Why are folks so hard to admit that guns are fun and that's a valid reason to have guns? When you ask a guy why he has a sports car, you don't get "To outrun criminals."  I don't know anyone who keeps an AR for self defense, but I'm sure its for the same reason that police keep an AR for defense. And, to point out, for self defense almost all of the gun community keeps JHP ammo or GoldDot ammo.
So home defense becomes equivalent to forced entry assaults? Police stock shotguns as well more, often than ars. I've yet to see reports that the PD in my area even carry rifles. Also, unless some of you have enough people trained in your home for a fire team what advantage is there for an ar over a shotgun for HD? As for overpenetration, let's be realistic. .223 will go through 12 + sheets of drywall despite fragmentation. So unless you have 6+ rooms between every person in your house or re-inforced metal walls, using .223 purely because it fragments is not a factor. If anything shotguns with birdshot are the only option you have for not penetrating drywall. You can also have much more variety in load power with shotguns that don't penetrate as far as .223. Check theboxotruth.   So where in CCW do they teach you to unload an entire mag? In my state I've seen people convicted because they shot after the guy went down. If a guy is still coming after you after 6 rounds of .45 ACP it means you should probably move up to 6 rounds of .44 mag. There are plenty of caliber choices for revolvers that cover the whole spectrum from .32 to .500 s&w. For personal defense ammo price shouldn't be a large factor, because you're not practicing to be good enough for a tattered hole at 40 yards. For HD there are better options than a pistol. We're talking about HD, not urban assault. Planning for SHTF and zombie attacks is a whole different scenario. Then say you have an ar for "When civilization breaks down" when people ask you why you have an ar.   As for pistol jamming, I've shot Ruger mkII & mkIII, browning buckmarks and glock 19. I've had 1 FTF on the glock and numerous jams on the rugers & buckmarks. This is probably b/c of extensive use and infrequent cleaning (they weren't my guns). I'm sure there's less chances if you keep your guns clean and double check your ammo. But that's still a liability, don't make it like it's nothing. The chances are few it will happen, but the chances are few that you'll get murdered. What about things you can't check? I've had FTF with factory centerfire ammo. It'll probably be one out of 5,000 rounds but it's still there. How about hot loads? An autoloader will lock up, but a revolver you just pull the trigger again.   The whole point is I don't see many people admit in a serious argument that guns are fun to use. The response to why do you need guns is always : "For defense".
So home defense becomes equivalent to forced entry assaults? Police stock shotguns as well more, often than ars. I've yet to see reports that the PD in my area even carry rifles. Also, unless some of you have enough people trained in your home for a fire team what advantage is there for an ar over a shotgun for HD? As for overpenetration, let's be realistic. .223 will go through 12 + sheets of drywall despite fragmentation. So unless you have 6+ rooms between every person in your house or re-inforced metal walls, using .223 purely because it fragments is not a factor. If anything shotguns with birdshot are the only option you have for not penetrating drywall. You can also have much more variety in load power with shotguns that don't penetrate as far as .223. Check theboxotruth.   So where in CCW do they teach you to unload an entire mag? In my state I've seen people convicted because they shot after the guy went down. If a guy is still coming after you after 6 rounds of .45 ACP it means you should probably move up to 6 rounds of .44 mag. There are plenty of caliber choices for revolvers that cover the whole spectrum from .32 to .500 s&w. For personal defense ammo price shouldn't be a large factor, because you're not practicing to be good enough for a tattered hole at 40 yards. For HD there are better options than a pistol. We're talking about HD, not urban assault. Planning for SHTF and zombie attacks is a whole different scenario. Then say you have an ar for "When civilization breaks down" when people ask you why you have an ar.   As for pistol jamming, I've shot Ruger mkII & mkIII, browning buckmarks and glock 19. I've had 1 FTF on the glock and numerous jams on the rugers & buckmarks. This is probably b/c of extensive use and infrequent cleaning (they weren't my guns). I'm sure there's less chances if you keep your guns clean and double check your ammo. But that's still a liability, don't make it like it's nothing. The chances are few it will happen, but the chances are few that you'll get murdered. What about things you can't check? I've had FTF with factory centerfire ammo. It'll probably be one out of 5,000 rounds but it's still there. How about hot loads? An autoloader will lock up, but a revolver you just pull the trigger again.   The whole point is I don't see many people admit in a serious argument that guns are fun to use. The response to why do you need guns is always : "For defense".  1. "So home defense becomes equivalent to forced entry assaults?"  I never said that; you did. I said that police depts. all over the country use them for entry. If they are good for entry why would they not be good for home defense? They are obviously good for fighting in a gun battle. Is defense with a firearm not a gun battle. If you have the ability to have the edge in a fight don't you want it?  2. "I've yet to see reports that the PD in my area even carry rifles."  Where do you live? I will try and find some names of depts. for you. Oh! You can also look at the Bushmaster Patrolman's Carbine and the Colt 6920 LE(law enforcement) to name a few. Their existence is not proof of law enforcement use however it does make you think doesn't it?  3. Also, unless some of you have enough people trained in your home for a fire team what advantage is there for an ar over a shotgun for HD?  Actually it would be the exact opposite. You are less likely to need more people when you have an AR vs. a shotgun. You have a higher rate of fire and that fire is more accurate. You also go back to the higher capacity thing. 30 rds. of 5.56 beats 8 rds. of #00 buck. There is your advantage.  4. "As for overpenetration, let's be realistic. .223 will go through 12 + sheets of drywall despite fragmentation. So unless you have 6+ rooms between every person in your house or re-inforced metal walls, using .223 purely because it fragments is not a factor."  Not being one to dodge my responsibilities; thank you for correcting me I was wrong.  5. "If anything shotguns with birdshot are the only option you have for not penetrating drywall.   Shotguns with birdshot are not reliably effective for HD in my opinion. There are those that disagree.   6. "So where in CCW do they teach you to unload an entire mag?"  No where was I taught to unload an entire mag. I believe in shooting until the threat is stopped. If that takes one round then I will stop shooting. If it takes 7-10 rds. then that is what will happen.  7. "In my state I've seen people convicted because they shot after the guy went down."  They were wrong for doing that. If the BG was down then the threat is stopped. I never proposed one should shoot a BG after he was down or running away.   8. "If a guy is still coming after you after 6 rounds of .45 ACP it means you should probably move up to 6 rounds of .44 mag."  Not true! What if you do not shoot well with .44 mag.? Should one risk being sloppy with one's accuracy because some guy on the Internet says you should be able to stop a threat with 6 rds. or less?  9. "There are plenty of caliber choices for revolvers that cover the whole spectrum from .32 to .500 s&w."  For the most part I agree. They do however recoil more than a semi-auto and there is still that issue with limited choices in revolvers for 9mm, .45 ACP, and .40 cal. What about the reload issue? It is much easier and faster to reload with a mag change than moon clips for a revolver. Oh yea, I forgot. A person should not need more than 6 rds.  10. "For personal defense ammo price shouldn't be a large factor, because you're not practicing to be good enough for a tattered hole at 40 yards."  Wrong again. Many people shoot thousands of rds. per year. There is a significant difference between $8.00 per box of 50 9mm and $12.00 per box of 20 .44 mag. When you start buying a lot of rds. you can see what I mean. Practice makes perfect, especially under a stressful circumstance. Are you suggesting that one should only practice once or twice a year?  11. "For HD there are better options than a pistol."  True in my opinion, such as a shotgun or an AR. Some may feel more comfortable with a pistol. Are you making choices for them or just suggestions?  12. "We're talking about HD, not urban assault. Planning for SHTF and zombie attacks is a whole different scenario. Then say you have an ar for "When civilization breaks down" when people ask you why you have an ar."  I say I have an AR for fun, and HD after my pistol and shotgun. I have never seen a zombie, have you? I do know guys who use AR's for hunting varmints and coyote. Some even use them for boar.  13. "As for pistol jamming, I've shot Ruger mkII & mkIII, browning buckmarks and glock 19. I've had 1 FTF on the glock and numerous jams on the rugers & buckmarks. This is probably b/c of extensive use and infrequent cleaning (they weren't my guns). I'm sure there's less chances if you keep your guns clean and double check your ammo."  You responded for me in the above excerpt.  14. "But that's still a liability, don't make it like it's nothing. The chances are few it will happen, but the chances are few that you'll get murdered."  I am not treating it like it is nothing. Jamming can happen but an FTFire can happen in a revolver too. True all you have to do is pull the trigger again but with a semi-auto all you have to do is tap the mag and rack the slide. Problem solved. I keep my guns clean though and as I have said I have yet to have a jam in my Glock (3000+ rds. fired). You are right the few chances to be murdered. Your chances of your house burning down are slim as well but I bet you have very modern fire extinguishers and smoke detectors don't you?  15. "The whole point is I don't see many people admit in a serious argument that guns are fun to use. The response to why do you need guns is always : "For defense"."  Haven't I posted that guns are fun? It is fun to hunt with them. It is fun to plink with them. it is fun to compete with them. Everytime someone does one of these sports it is because it is fun. They are also a good idea for home defense. I guess the point is that people don't have to "admit" that they are fun. It is kind of obvious when they are doing things with them other than defending themselves.  I am starting to get the impression that you want to restrict the types of guns that people own ala California stlye gun control. Why do others care that honest citizens buy guns? The fact that they are honest means that they are not breaking the law.
 I never said that; you did. I said that police depts. all over the country use them for entry. If they are good for entry why would they not be good for home defense? They are obviously good for fighting in a gun battle. Is defense with a firearm not a gun battle. If you have the ability to have the edge in a fight don't you want it?   How else do I interpret this correlation between AR-15, police raids and HD that you refered to? Police use them for entry, not home defense. I see the shotgun having more edge than ars in a pure HD situation.   Where do you live? I will try and find some names of depts. for you. Oh! You can also look at the Bushmaster Patrolman's Carbine and the Colt 6920 LE(law enforcement) to name a few. Their existence is not proof of law enforcement use however it does make you think doesn't it?   Police usage of ar-15s is probably not for HD situations. I'm not arguing that the police made the wrong choice of issuing ar-15s for their roles.   Actually it would be the exact opposite. You are less likely to need more people when you have an AR vs. a shotgun. You have a higher rate of fire and that fire is more accurate. You also go back to the higher capacity thing. 30 rds. of 5.56 beats 8 rds. of #00 buck. There is your advantage.   It's also a disadvantage to use light 5.56 rounds instead of #00 buckshot. Also, with a shotgun you can use a pump with less chances of jamming. You can also get a semi-auto with detachable 10 round mags for fast reloading. With your target range of max 20 yards inside a house, accuracy difference between a shotgun and AR is not an issue. If anything the shot pattern would have reached a torso sized spread at 20 yards making it more likely to hit than an ar.   Shotguns with birdshot are not reliably effective for HD in my opinion. There are those that disagree.   Then use a heavier load. A shotgun has so many more power varieties compared to a 5.56.   No where was I taught to unload an entire mag. I believe in shooting until the threat is stopped. If that takes one round then I will stop shooting. If it takes 7-10 rds. then that is what will happen.   Where is enough? You can go all the way up to 100 round drums for your pistol, which is hard to conceal but not impossible. 6 rounds should be enough and with reliability concerns on the side of autoloaders taking the hit and only getting 6 rounds is a safer solution.   They were wrong for doing that. If the BG was down then the threat is stopped. I never proposed one should shoot a BG after he was down or running away.   As above, where are the bad guys who can take 6 .44mags and keep going? If they really are around, we should carry rifles instead.   Not true! What if you do not shoot well with .44 mag.? Should one risk being sloppy with one's accuracy because some guy on the Internet says you should be able to stop a threat with 6 rds. or less?   Then learn to shoot well with the .44 mag. Do you recommend people to use .22lrs for CCW or tell them to take the time and learn to use something heavier?   For the most part I agree. They do however recoil more than a semi-auto and there is still that issue with limited choices in revolvers for 9mm, .45 ACP, and .40 cal. What about the reload issue? It is much easier and faster to reload with a mag change than moon clips for a revolver. Oh yea, I forgot. A person should not need more than 6 rds.  As above, for CCW concerns it's not going to be a long range shot. Until they learn to handle the difference they can get a .357/.38 and practice using .38s and go up to .357. There are existing 9mm, .45acp and .40 cal revolvers that are reliable as well, but why do they have to use these rounds?    Wrong again. Many people shoot thousands of rds. per year. There is a significant difference between $8.00 per box of 50 9mm and $12.00 per box of 20 .44 mag. When you start buying a lot of rds. you can see what I mean. Practice makes perfect, especially under a stressful circumstance. Are you suggesting that one should only practice once or twice a year?   There's a point where enough is enough. I learned how to hit a paper plate target at 50 ft in about 3 sessions with 100 rounds. Strictly for SD purposes that's good enough. Going to the range once a month and shooting a box should keep the average person to retain that much accuracy, at least for me it did.   True in my opinion, such as a shotgun or an AR. Some may feel more comfortable with a pistol. Are you making choices for them or just suggestions?   When people have no clue, do you tell them to use a pistol for HD? There are so many advantages to using a shotgun instead of a pistol for HD that it would be wrong to misguide people in this area.   I say I have an AR for fun, and HD after my pistol and shotgun. I have never seen a zombie, have you? I do know guys who use AR's for hunting varmints and coyote. Some even use them for boar.  Exactly, an ARs use is primarily for fun. Secondarily it could be used for HD, hunting and mid-range firefights. However for the purposes of HD I say shotgun trumps with no other factors.   I am not treating it like it is nothing. Jamming can happen but an FTFire can happen in a revolver too. True all you have to do is pull the trigger again but with a semi-auto all you have to do is tap the mag and rack the slide. Problem solved. I keep my guns clean though and as I have said I have yet to have a jam in my Glock (3000+ rds. fired). You are right the few chances to be murdered. Your chances of your house burning down are slim as well but I bet you have very modern fire extinguishers and smoke detectors don't you?   It's much much quicker to pull the trigger again instead of having to reach over, rack the slide and pull the trigger. That half second could mean your life, since an adult can cover 50ft in 2 seconds. What happens if you had to spend more time to clear a jam? What happens if there's a hot load and your gun is stuck? So exactly with your fire extinguisher idea...shouldn't you use a revolver in case it happens?   Haven't I posted that guns are fun? It is fun to hunt with them. It is fun to plink with them. it is fun to compete with them. Everytime someone does one of these sports it is because it is fun. They are also a good idea for home defense. I guess the point is that people don't have to "admit" that they are fun. It is kind of obvious when they are doing things with them other than defending themselves.   I didn't specifically target you. I used it as a general statement that most of the time I read a gun control thread someone asks "why you need a gun?" and you repeatedly see "for self defense", but rarely do you see "for fun".   I am starting to get the impression that you want to restrict the types of guns that people own ala California stlye gun control. Why do others care that honest citizens buy guns? The fact that they are honest means that they are not breaking the law.  That's entirely in your head. My original post stated the same reason as my following posts as to the topic of this post as being "people are hard to admit they buy guns for fun as a defense for having guns".
How else do I interpret this correlation between AR-15, police raids and HD that you referred to? Police use them for entry, not home defense. I see the shotgun having more edge than ars in a pure HD situation.  I used entry teams to illustrate that AR-15's were a good choice for a gun fight. If they are good for the police they are just as good for us. You see the shotgun as having an edge. That is your opinion. There are others that disagree. Myself, I use my pistol followed by my shotgun and then my AR or AK as a last resort.     Police usage of ar-15s is probably not for HD situations. I'm not arguing that the police made the wrong choice of issuing ar-15s for their roles. Nor am I.    It's also a disadvantage to use light 5.56 rounds instead of #00 buckshot. Also, with a shotgun you can use a pump with less chances of jamming. You can also get a semi-auto with detachable 10 round mags for fast reloading. With your target range of max 20 yards inside a house, accuracy difference between a shotgun and AR is not an issue. If anything the shot pattern would have reached a torso sized spread at 20 yards making it more likely to hit than an ar. I have not had a jam in my AR since I was in the military but it could happen. And accuracy is an issue. If I have to fire more than one round my follow up shots with the AR will be faster and my grouping will be tighter, this can not be disputed. Remember the recoil is very low on the AR compared to that of a shotgun. As far as 20 mags for the shotgun, yes you are right but I have 30 round mags for the AR. Mags are beside the point though. I have already said that I would go to my shotgun before the AR unless something were to force me to do otherwise such as when Hurricane Charley came through or possibly a New Orleans style incident.   Then use a heavier load. A shotgun has so many more power varieties compared to a 5.56. I agree, but then we run into the penetration issues that you brought up. Not as much as the AR but still considerable.    Where is enough? You can go all the way up to 100 round drums for your pistol, which is hard to conceal but not impossible. 6 rounds should be enough and with reliability concerns on the side of autoloaders taking the hit and only getting 6 rounds is a safer solution. I already said enough is when the threat is stopped. Have you ever been in a high stress environment and tried to shoot a moving target? No matter how much you train you can still miss. Cops often miss more than they hit. I am sure you have seen all of the high profile shootings. Let's say someone comes after me in my home in the dark I shoot at him with my 5 or 6 shot revolver as he shoots at me. Let's say I hit him 3 out of 6 shots. I know, you will probably say, "you should be a better shot". I will remind you of the adrenaline dump and the fact that you and the bad guy are moving around in the dark. So 1 or 2 shots hits center of mass and the 3rd nicks a leg or arm, still a hit but just not significant. It is not uncommon for two hits to have no immediate effect. Often times people do not even know they are shot until after an event like this. This goes for the BG's as well. If the BG has 17 rds in this make believe event then I am royally screwed. I do not buy your reliability concerns. How much shooting have you done in your life? Jamming is just not that much of an issue in a quality modern semi-auto.    As above, where are the bad guys who can take 6 .44mags and keep going? If they really are around, we should carry rifles instead. Once again you are not assured to hit with all 6 rds. I would like to see you try to double tap with a .44 mag. just to simulate a rapid fire situation. You probably can not do it. I know I can't and I shoot a lot.   Then learn to shoot well with the .44 mag. Do you recommend people to use .22lrs for CCW or tell them to take the time and learn to use something heavier? I recommend that people carry and shoot the largest caliber that they are comfortable with and can shoot well. Most will never be able to shoot well with a .44 mag. 9mm is popular for this reason. It has a relatively mild recoil allowing easier, faster, and more accurate follow up shots. I would never recommend a .22 lr unless they had no other choice.  As above, for CCW concerns it's not going to be a long range shot. Until they learn to handle the difference they can get a .357/.38 and practice using .38s and go up to .357. There are existing 9mm, .45acp and .40 cal revolvers that are reliable as well, but why do they have to use these rounds? True it is not going to be a log range shot but the better you do at long range the better you are at short range. Myself I only practice at 7 yards and then practice at 50 yards for trigger control.  I do not like the penetration of .357 and .38 is a poor choice if you can handle something better. I already acknowledged that there are revolvers in 9mm, .45, and .40. It is just that they are not as easy to find and the choices are limited. I only named those three rounds because they are the most popular rds. used for self defense.    There's a point where enough is enough. I learned how to hit a paper plate target at 50 ft in about 3 sessions with 100 rounds. Strictly for SD purposes that's good enough. Going to the range once a month and shooting a box should keep the average person to retain that much accuracy, at least for me it did. We have already discussed that some people have fun with their guns. Some people may need more training than you. I personally have fun by training. Surely you are not limiting the amount of training or fun people should have. As far as being good enough for SD, there are many people that disagree with that. I don't think that you are qualified to determine that for others. If you are then let me know.   When people have no clue, do you tell them to use a pistol for HD? There are so many advantages to using a shotgun instead of a pistol for HD that it would be wrong to misguide people in this area. When people have no clue I tell them to get one before they get a gun.  As far as pistol over shotgun/shotgun over pistol; I will remind you that a pistol is much more maneuverable than a shotgun. I have both by my bed but I grab my pistol first when something suspicious is going on, saving the shotgun for when I know something is going on. Many people are split on this issue as well. I don't think I will take your opinion as fact. I will write it off as preference.  Exactly, an ARs use is primarily for fun. Secondarily it could be used for HD, hunting and mid-range firefights. However for the purposes of HD I say shotgun trumps with no other factors. I roll fun and hunting in as one. That leaves HD. You are mostly right but there are times and places where I would like the AR. In remote farm country for example. No neighbors to worry about. No kids or wife if I were single. I would much rather have an AR over a shotgun in this example. I am obviously on the edge between the shotty and the AR. Once again it comes down to preference. I am highly trained on the AR. Less so on the shotty. That is why I don't divide the two as clearly as you. There are many, many others out there just like me. As well as those that choose the AR.   It's much much quicker to pull the trigger again instead of having to reach over, rack the slide and pull the trigger. That half second could mean your life, since an adult can cover 50ft in 2 seconds. What happens if you had to spend more time to clear a jam? What happens if there's a hot load and your gun is stuck? So exactly with your fire extinguisher idea...shouldn't you use a revolver in case it happens? That is why we weigh the odds and make choices based on our opinions. I value more rds. and do not see jamming as an issue. You think a jam is assured and value the simplicity of a revolver. I have no problem with that. I just choose differently. I think my reasoning is more prevalent hence my answer to your original question as to why so many semi-auto's.  No, you should not use a revolver like a fire extinguisher. A semi-auto is a much more advanced design and in my opinion offers more advantages.  I didn't specifically target you. I used it as a general statement that most of the time I read a gun control thread someone asks "why you need a gun?" and you repeatedly see "for self defense", but rarely do you see "for fun". Understood. Now you have seen someone say it is for fun. As I have said before, hunting is also for fun so I think you should include that into the fun category.   That's entirely in your head. My original post stated the same reason as my following posts as to the topic of this post as being "people are hard to admit they buy guns for fun as a defense for having guns".  I am people and I freely admit that they are fun. I need no defense for having guns. How do you know these "people" are telling a lie? Maybe they do buy them for defense. Maybe both. I am on the both team.  I still get the impression that you do not like the choices people make regarding firearms. It may be in my head but it was put there by your words.
Let me interject myself for a moment and take a swing at the question of "why do you need a gun?" I've had anti-gunners ask me this question before. Here is my smart-XXX answer to that question:  I can think of several reasons to own a gun. I could hunt with it. I could have fun shooting tin cans with it. I could practice with it and try to represent my country at the Olympics with it. I could use it for home defense. I could use it for personal protection when I am away from home. I don't have to have any reason to own a gun, but it just so happens that I do have some reasons. And the time is not right yet for you to be entitled to know my reasons. Oh, I know you now want to ask "When, Bryan, will that blessed day come-that day when I am entitled to demand that you gird your loins like a man and justify to me why you bought a gun?" Here is when I think that time will be:  It will be when I am entitled to demand that a person justify his reasons for refusing to consent to a police search of his car-it will be when I become entitled to demand to know why he asserted his right to counsel and refused to answer my officer's questions-it will be when I no longer need to obtain a search warrant to break into your home and rifle through your dresser drawers-it will be when I find a KJV Bible in your house and feel entitled to demand that you justify to me why you own that Bible, and to know your reasons for having a KJV instead of a Good News translation-it will be when I become entitled to demand that you tell me whether that Bible is for personal use or will it be used to convert others to your faith.   When these things come to pass, then you will know that the long-desired time has indeed come. That will be the day when the Constitution will no longer protect me from your seizure of the power to review and veto my personal decisions regarding how I will exercise my individual rights. But since the day has not yet come for your ascension to that throne of tyranny, I feel no particular need to justify to you why I might choose to exercise any right my Constitution protects.   ---  "The great ideals of liberty and equality are preserved against the assaults of opportunism, the expediency of the passing hour, the erosion of small encroachments, the scorn and derision of those who have no patience with general principles, by enshrining them in constitutions, and consecrating to the task of their protection a body of defenders." Justice Benjamin Cardozo, The Nature of the Judicial Process, Lecture II, 1921.  "The natural progress of things is for liberty to yield and government to gain ground."-Thomas Jefferson  "The saddest epitaph which can be carved in memory of a vanished liberty is that it was lost because its possessors failed to stretch forth a saving hand while yet there was time."-Justice George Sutherland
Unusually warm winter we are now having in Europe and USA is due to so called climatic weapon used by Americans imo. Well, they had been exploring this sort of weapon for quite a long time and I guess success attended them. Do you remember the destructive tsunami that happened to occur in South-East Asia in December 2005? They say actually it came in the aftermath of the then conducted in the region tests of new types of American weapons. The death toll of Asian countries was enormous then.  Now the price is unusually warm winter, which would be rather good thing to enjoy ..... but for destructive storms and floods. Pressing on Dame Nature is no good I am sure 'cause it always leads to some unpredictable things kind of tsunami or storms or what. And then ....Americans are no Gods. I mean we may pay rather a high price now. What's the American grand idea this time? It's to make prices on energy resources go down to give some boost to American economy, which has been somewhat unhealthy lately. Dispatching of extra American military units in Iraq is quite a burden for USA economy now.  What irritates me actually is the fact that Europeans are facing extremely severe storms resulting in blackouts and other sort of thing. They may have been well triggered by those American climatic tests. What does the future hold? Nothing good imo if Americans continue this practice.  Perhaps you have some evidence of these climatic weapons and when & where they were tested ?
LOL!!!!!!  I too would like to see some evidence to support your posts.  As for the additional troops putting a strain on our economy. You may need to rethink that one as well. If I remember correctly troop strength in Iraqhas in the past been close to 160,000. We reduced numbers to a little over 100,000 and now this "Surge" of an additional 21,500. That would mean we will still be below past numbers. The current increase is closer to a fluctuation in my opinion; a much needed one.
 I used entry teams to illustrate that AR-15's were a good choice for a gun fight. If they are good for the police they are just as good for us. You see the shotgun as having an edge. That is your opinion. There are others that disagree. Myself, I use my pistol followed by my shotgun and then my AR or AK as a last resort.  The fights conducted by police raid units are usually different than one conducted by a homeowner. There are extraneous requirements for the police that is not imposed on the homeowner.    I have not had a jam in my AR since I was in the military but it could happen. And accuracy is an issue. If I have to fire more than one round my follow up shots with the AR will be faster and my grouping will be tighter, this can not be disputed. Remember the recoil is very low on the AR compared to that of a shotgun. As far as 20 mags for the shotgun, yes you are right but I have 30 round mags for the AR. Mags are beside the point though. I have already said that I would go to my shotgun before the AR unless something were to force me to do otherwise such as when Hurricane Charley came through or possibly a New Orleans style incident.  I disagree. The shotgun is going to be heavier unless you are using a 20'' varmint barreled AR. The shotgun can also be loaded with shells of equivalent power or less power than a 5.56 thereby making recoil the same or more managable.   I agree, but then we run into the penetration issues that you brought up. Not as much as the AR but still considerable.  Anything that can penetrate to get to vital organs will penetrate several layers of drywall. There is no option around this even frangible rounds will go through several layers. Therefore, over penetration should be a given no matter what you chose. (Unless you chose birdshot, which still has tactical advantages and is an available option if you use a shotgun).   I already said enough is when the threat is stopped. Have you ever been in a high stress environment and tried to shoot a moving target? No matter how much you train you can still miss. Cops often miss more than they hit. I am sure you have seen all of the high profile shootings. Let's say someone comes after me in my home in the dark I shoot at him with my 5 or 6 shot revolver as he shoots at me. Let's say I hit him 3 out of 6 shots. I know, you will probably say, "you should be a better shot". I will remind you of the adrenaline dump and the fact that you and the bad guy are moving around in the dark. So 1 or 2 shots hits center of mass and the 3rd nicks a leg or arm, still a hit but just not significant. It is not uncommon for two hits to have no immediate effect. Often times people do not even know they are shot until after an event like this. This goes for the BG's as well. If the BG has 17 rds in this make believe event then I am royally screwed.  For a CCW situation, it is more than likely that you are in an environment where you should not take a shot that you are unsure of. Missing can have dire consequences especially if you are in a populated area. There may not be people present, but your shot can still deflect or over penetrate into areas populated. Stressing training is the only thing to be done at this point. So therefore you should have been a better shot. An "adrenaline pump" can make it difficult to take your shot, but it won't make it impossible, especially considering the distances you will be dealing with in a pure SD situation. You can train stressed shooting.   I do not buy your reliability concerns. How much shooting have you done in your life? Jamming is just not that much of an issue in a quality modern semi-auto.   How many fires have you had at your house? Do you still buy fire extinguishers? You brought this example up yourself. It is not a negligible statistic.    Once again you are not assured to hit with all 6 rds. I would like to see you try to double tap with a .44 mag. just to simulate a rapid fire situation. You probably can not do it. I know I can't and I shoot a lot.   I live in the city. Rapid firing is not an option in most places in my daily routine. This may be different in rural areas or some other situation I can't think of.   I recommend that people carry and shoot the largest caliber that they are comfortable with and can shoot well. Most will never be able to shoot well with a .44 mag. 9mm is popular for this reason. It has a relatively mild recoil allowing easier, faster, and more accurate follow up shots. I would never recommend a .22 lr unless they had no other choice.  People should learn to move to the largest caliber then can handle. Learning to handle recoil is either a mental handicap or a physical handicap. For most of us without a physical handicap, learning to shoot and dealing with recoil is a practicing issue to get over the mental handicap.    True it is not going to be a log range shot but the better you do at long range the better you are at short range. Myself I only practice at 7 yards and then practice at 50 yards for trigger control.  If you can qualify your precision at the range you will be using for the whole purpose of SD then there is little need to go beyond. Unless for fun...   I do not like the penetration of .357 and .38 is a poor choice if you can handle something better. I already acknowledged that there are revolvers in 9mm, .45, and .40. It is just that they are not as easy to find and the choices are limited. I only named those three rounds because they are the most popular rds. used for self defense.  They are the most popular because they are more commonly available for auto-loaders. 100 years ago that wouldn't be the case. You are going to get penetration issues with pretty much any caliber.   We have already discussed that some people have fun with their guns. Some people may need more training than you. I personally have fun by training. Surely you are not limiting the amount of training or fun people should have. As far as being good enough for SD, there are many people that disagree with that. I don't think that you are qualified to determine that for others. If you are then let me know.  Actually that's not me, it's stated by the DPS for my state. In order to qualify for a CCW license, applicants must pass a range test on a 45'' by 24'' silhouette at a maximum range of 15 yards and with a minimum of 2 seconds between shots. You are starting to drift from my point on this topic, which is that if people wanted a handgun purely for SD they would not need to be at the range so much as to incur thousands of dollars of expenses each year. Having fun at the range will of course justify a new reason as to why they own a handgun.   As far as pistol over shotgun/shotgun over pistol; I will remind you that a pistol is much more maneuverable than a shotgun. I have both by my bed but I grab my pistol first when something suspicious is going on, saving the shotgun for when I know something is going on. Many people are split on this issue as well. I don't think I will take your opinion as fact. I will write it off as preference.  Bringing enough firepower should trump over minor maneuverability issues. There should be a strategy developed where family members convene at an easily defensible point of the house and you don't need to maneuver to clear areas. I may agree with your strategy if you had someone behind you with a shotgun.   I roll fun and hunting in as one. That leaves HD. You are mostly right but there are times and places where I would like the AR. In remote farm country for example. No neighbors to worry about. No kids or wife if I were single. I would much rather have an AR over a shotgun in this example. I am obviously on the edge between the shotty and the AR. Once again it comes down to preference. I am highly trained on the AR. Less so on the shotty. That is why I don't divide the two as clearly as you. There are many, many others out there just like me. As well as those that choose the AR.  Preference by training can simply be changed by training with the other weapon. There may be situations in rural areas where combining a hunting/defense firearm may be advantageous as a NEED, but I fail to see how they give an advantage otherwise.   That is why we weigh the odds and make choices based on our opinions. I value more rds. and do not see jamming as an issue. You think a jam is assured and value the simplicity of a revolver. I have no problem with that. I just choose differently. I think my reasoning is more prevalent hence my answer to your original question as to why so many semi-auto's.  Jamming is a noticeable risk. I am a proponent of more power/reliability versus more capacity. There must be a line drawn somewhere, else everyone would have calico 100 round drum .22 pistols. 6 shots should serve most needs for SD otherwise more training is required.   I am people and I freely admit that they are fun. I need no defense for having guns. How do you know these "people" are telling a lie? Maybe they do buy them for defense. Maybe both. I am on the both team.  Then you would not be inclusive of "most people I see". The purpose of my argument is that I call them out when they propose using ar-15s for purely for HD and semi-autos purely for SD.   I still get the impression that you do not like the choices people make regarding firearms. It may be in my head but it was put there by your words.   I do dislike some people's choices regarding firearms. If purely for SD/HD a revolver/shotgun combo is optimal. Adding recreation is another matter. Would you dislike someone's choice of using a .22lr for defense?
As far as the AR vs. the Shotty It seems we disagree on about every issue. You say that you can change your load in the shotty to reduce your recoil but I have already stated that I do not like the idea of defending myself with birdshot. Simply put, if someone chose the AR over the shotgun I could very well understand their decision.  When I mentioned adrenaline dump I spoke from some experience. I had extensive training in the Army with the M-16. Trust me, you will not be as accurate as you think when a target presents itself. In my situation a shotgun would have probably got me killed. Not because it is ineffective but because the AR/M-16 is faster with followup shots. I still value the shotty for typical civilian use but can understand why someone might prefer the AR.  With regards to the semi. vs. revolver, my comments about the fire extinguisher still stand. I have modern examples of chemical style extinguishers. I do not have the old pressurized water filled ones. The would both work but I choose the chemical variety. Revolvers and semi's would both work for SD but I choose a semi. I am a better shot with my semi than my revolver. I can shoot faster with more accuracy. Not everyone is the same in that regard, let them choose accordingly. I will remind you that 6 shots is enough for you but may not be enough for someone else. If someone want to carry a 100 rd. drum of .22 so be it. I think I already addressed this but I will state it again. I do not recommend anyone use a .22 for self defense UNLESS it is the only weapon available or for some reason it is the only weapon you can shoot well. There are other calibers out there that most people should be able to handle, be it in a revolver or a semi auto.  The training that people need is determined differently in different states. I don't think people should be forced to train just to own and carry a firearm. I know it sounds dangerous but I see it as an infringement on our rights. I am not the one to say who is trained enough and who is not, I will try to only speak for myself. I suggest you do the same. If someone makes a mistake and hurts another person then let them be responsible for their error.   On the fun issue, Half of the reason why most people shoot is probably for fun. It is no secret, that is why people hunt(it's fun), that is why people go to the range(not just for proficiency). I understand that most people whom you have contact with have not told you so but I believe it to be true. As I said before I think it is obvious. Guns are a blast!!!  Would you ever consider limiting people's choices of guns? For example, would you make it harder or impossible for someone to buy an semi auto pistol or an AR-15 via laws or regulations? How do you feel about mag capacity limits?
Let me address the issue raised in this thread of self-defense and shooting after an attacker "goes down." Shooting an attacker after they "go down" can be criminal. The right of self defense is not an automatic right to kill someone who threatens you. The right of self defense is often called a law of necessity, and this is because it makes it lawful to engage in violent conduct (like shooting someone) that is ordinarily criminal.   There are two (although these are not the only two) important qualifications to the right of self defense:  1. In exercising self-defense you can use no more force than was reasonably necessary to prevent the harm threatened, and in particular you cannot apply or use deadly force in self-defense unless you reasonably feared, under the circumstances as they appeared to you, that you or another innocent person was in danger of being killed or in danger of suffering great bodily harm. Violating this is termed using excessive force and is criminal conduct.  2. The right to assault another in self-defense ends when the threat ends and you have a reasonable opportunity to see and understand that the threat has ended. Violating this is typically viewed as retaliation or acting out of a motive for revenge, and is criminal conduct.   These are some of the old common law rules for self defense, and they are the current law in my state of Virginia. Please bear in mind that the law may be different in other states, but these rules tend to be uniform.   An example of violating rule #1 would be shooting a 10 year old who threatens to whip you with a switch. You have a right to defend yourself from his threatened assault, but not to respond with deadly force.   An example involving rule #2 would be shooting someone 6 times while they continue to advance upon you with a knife. This, in my opinion, would not constitute using excessive force or retaliating. Once you are threatened with death or great bodily harm, then you can continue to respond with deadly force, even to the point of killing the aggressor, until the threat to you ends. But that is where the right ends. To take the example further: Let's say you shoot the same knife-wielder once and watch him fall to the ground and drop the knife. Then you walk over to him and shoot him again while he is on the ground. This would violate rule #2. You were justified in using deadly force for the first shot, but the second shot would be viewed as retaliating because the threat has ended and you have had an opportunity to realize this and understand it was no longer necessary to protect yourself by shooting him again.   ---  "And indeed, gentlemen, there exists a law, not written down anywhere but written in our hearts; a law which comes to us not by training or custom or reading but by derivation and absorption and adoption from nature itself; a law which has come to us not by theory but from practice, not by instruction but by natural intuition. I refer to the law which lays it down that, if our lives are endangered by plots or violence or armed robbers or enemies, any and every method of protecting ourselves is morally right. When weapons reduce them to silence, the laws no longer expect one to await their pronouncements. For people who decide to wait for these will have to wait for justice, too--and meanwhile they must suffer injustice first. Indeed, even the wisdom of the law itself, by a sort of tacit implication, permits self- defense, because it does not actually forbid men to kill; what it does, instead, is to forbid the bearing of a weapon with the intention to kill. When, therefore, an inquiry passes beyond the mere question of the weapon and starts to consider the motive, a man who has used arms in self-defense is not regarded as having carried them with homicidal aim". Cicero, Selected Political Speeches, p. 222 (M. Grant, trans. 1975)  "If a slave, says Plato, defends himself, and kills a freeman, he ought to be treated as a parricide. This is a civil law which punishes self-defense, though dictated by nature. . . .  It is unreasonable. . .to oblige a man not to attempt the defense of his own life. . . . Who does not see that self-defense is a duty superior to every precept. . . .  [T]he laws of an Italian republic [Venice], where bearing fire-arms is punished as a capital crime and where it is not more fatal to make an ill use of them than to carry them, is not agreeable to the nature of things."  Montesquieu, The Spirit of Laws, pp. 59, 60, 64, and 79-80 (trans. T. Nugent, 1899).  "And I cannot see, why arms should be denied to any man who is not a slave, since they are the only true badges of liberty. . . .The possession of arms is the distinction between a freeman and a slave. He who has nothing, and belongs to another, must be defended by him, and needs no arms: but he who thinks he is his own master, and has anything he may call his own, ought to have arms to defend himself and what he possesses, or else he lives precariously and at discretion. And though for a while those who have the sword in their power abstain from doing him injury; yet, by degrees, he will be awed into submission to every arbitrary command." Andrew Fletcher, Political Works, pp. 35 and 221 (1749)  "And we have seen that these rights [in the 1688 English Bill of Rights]. . .consist, primarily, in the free enjoyment of personal security, of personal liberty, and of private property. So long as these remain inviolate, the subject is perfectly free; for every species of compulsive tyranny and oppression must act in opposition to one or other of these rights. To preserve these from violation, it is necessary that the constitution of parliaments be supported in it[s] full vigor. . . .And lastly, to vindicate these rights, when actually violated or attacked, the subjects of England are entitled, in the first place, to the regular administration and free course of justice in the courts of law; next to the right of petitioning the king and parliament for redress of grievances; and lastly, to the right of having and using arms for self preservation and defense." Sir William Blackstone, 1 Commentaries on the Laws of England, p. 140 (1st. ed. 1765, reprinted 1979).  "Instances of the licentious and outrageous behavior of the military conservators of the peace still multiply upon us, some of which are of such a nature, and have been carried to so great lengths, as must serve fully to evince that a late vote of this town, calling upon the inhabitants to provide themselves with arms for their defense, was a measure as prudent as it was legal. . . .It is a natural right which the people have reserved to themselves, confirmed by the [1688 English] Bill of Rights, to keep arms for their defense; and as Mr. Blackstone observes, it is to be made use of when the sanctions of society and law are found insufficient to restrain the violence of oppression.   It is certainly beyond human art and sophistry, to prove that the British subjects, to whom the privilege of possessing arms is expressly recognized by the Bill of Rights,. . .are guilty of an illegal act, in calling upon one another to be provided with them, as the law directs."  O. Dickerson ed., Boston Under Military Rule, p79 & 61 (1936) [quoting from what was at the time the most widely circulated periodical in the colonies, A Journal of the Times].  "The right of self-defense is the first law of nature; in most governments it has been the study of rulers to confine this right within the narrowest possible limits...and [when] the right of the people to keep and bear arms is, under any color or pretext whatsoever, prohibited, liberty, if not already annihilated, is on the brink of destruction." Sir George Tucker, Judge of the Virginia Supreme Court and U.S. District Court of Virginia, in I Blackstone COMMENTARIES, Sir George Tucker Ed., 1803, pg. 300  "The inhabitants of Boston being confined within that town by the general their governor, and having, in order to procure their dismission, entered into a treaty with him, it was stipulated that the said inhabitants having deposited their arms with their own magistrates, should have liberty to depart, taking with them their own effects. They accordingly delivered up their arms, but in open violation of honor, in defiance of the obligation of treaties, which even savage nations esteemed sacred, the governor ordered the arms deposited as aforesaid, that they might be preserved for their owners, to be seized by a body of soldiers; detained the greatest part of the inhabitants in the town, and compelled the few who were permitted to retire, to leave their most valuable effects behind." From the DECLARATION OF THE CAUSES AND NECESSITY OF TAKING UP ARMS (July 6, 1775).
That was a very good explanation.   I will add that here in Florida if a person enters your house illegaly the law assumes that they are there to do harm and thus you are allowed to use deadly force. Of course I do not recommend shooting a 10 y/o committing a B&E.   To be clear, I never proposed shooting anybody after they were "down" or no longer a threat. In fact I believe I stated that I would shoot until the threat to me was stopped.
On a slightly different note, I thought some of you would find this funny.  40 Reasons to Ban Guns    1. Banning guns works, which is why New York, DC, Detroit & Chicago cops need guns.  2. Washington DC's low murder rate of 69 per 100,000 is due to strict gun control, and Indianapolis' high murder rate of 9 per 100,000 is due to the lack of gun control.  3. Statistics showing high murder rates justify gun control but statistics showing increasing murder rates after gun control are "just statistics."  4. The Brady Bill and the Assault Weapons Ban, both of which went into effect in 1994 are responsible for the decrease in violent crime rates, which have been declining since 1991.  5. We must get rid of guns because a deranged lunatic may go on a shooting spree at any time and anyone who would own a gun out of fear of such a lunatic is paranoid.  6. The more helpless you are the safer you are from criminals.  7. An intruder will be incapacitated by tear gas or oven spray, but if shot with a .357 Magnum will get angry and kill you.  8. A woman raped and strangled is morally superior to a woman with a smoking gun and a dead rapist at her feet.  9. When confronted by violent criminals, you should "put up no defense - give them what they want, or run" (Handgun Control Inc. Chairman Pete Shields, Guns Don't Die - People Do, 1981, p. 125).  10. The New England Journal of Medicine is filled with expert advice about guns; just like Guns & Ammo has some excellent treatises on heart surgery.  11. One should consult an automotive engineer for safer seat belts, a civil engineer for a better bridge, a surgeon for internal medicine, a computer programmer for hard drive problems, and Sarah Brady for firearms expertise.  12. The 2nd Amendment, ratified in 1787, refers to the National Guard, which was created 130 years later, in 1917.  13. The National Guard, federally funded, with bases on federal land, using federally-owned weapons, vehicles, buildings and uniforms, punishing trespassers under federal law, is a "state" militia.  14. These phrases: "right of the people peaceably to assemble," "right of the people to be secure in their homes," "enumerations herein of certain rights shall not be construed to disparage others retained by the people," and "The powers not delegated herein are reserved to the states respectively, and to the people" all refer to individuals, but "the right of the people to keep and bear arms" refers to the state.  15. "The Constitution is strong and will never change." But we should ban and seize all guns thereby violating the 2nd, 4th, and 5th Amendments to that Constitution.  16. Rifles and handguns aren't necessary to national defense! Of course, the army has hundreds of thousands of them.  17. Private citizens shouldn't have handguns, because they aren't "military weapons'', but private citizens shouldn't have "assault rifles'', because they are military weapons.  18. In spite of waiting periods, background checks, fingerprinting, government forms, etc., guns today are too readily available, which is responsible for recent school shootings. In the 1940's, 1950's and 1960's, anyone could buy guns at hardware stores, army surplus stores, gas stations, variety stores, Sears mail order, no waiting, no background check, no fingerprints, no government forms and there were no school shootings.  19. The NRA's attempt to run a "don't touch" campaign about kids handling guns is propaganda, but the anti-gun lobby's attempt to run a "don't touch" campaign is responsible social activity.  20. Guns are so complex that special training is necessary to use them properly, and so simple to use that they make murder easy.  21. A handgun, with up to 4 controls, is far too complex for the typical adult to learn to use, as opposed to an automobile that only has 20.  22. Women are just as intelligent and capable as men but a woman with a gun is "an accident waiting to happen" and gun makers' advertisements aimed at women are "preying on their fears."  23. Ordinary people in the presence of guns turn into slaughtering butchers but revert to normal when the weapon is removed.  24. Guns cause violence, which is why there are so many mass killings at gun shows.  25. A majority of the population supports gun control, just like a majority of the population supported owning slaves.  26. Any self-loading small arm can legitimately be considered to be a "weapon of mass destruction" or an "assault weapon."  27. Most people can't be trusted, so we should have laws against guns, which most people will abide by because they can be trusted.  28. The right of Internet pornographers to exist cannot be questioned because it is constitutionally protected by the Bill of Rights, but the use of handguns for self defense is not really protected by the Bill of Rights.  29. Free speech entitles one to own newspapers, transmitters, computers, and typewriters, but self- defense only justifies bare hands.   30. The ACLU is good because it uncompromisingly defends certain parts of the Constitution, and the NRA is bad, because it defends other parts of the Constitution.  31. Charlton Heston, a movie actor as president of the NRA is a cheap lunatic who should be ignored, but Michael Douglas, a movie actor as a representative of Handgun Control, Inc. is an ambassador for peace who is entitled to an audience at the UN arms control summit.  32. Police operate with backup within groups, which is why they need larger capacity pistol magazines than do "civilians" who must face criminals alone and therefore need less ammunition.  33. We should ban "Saturday Night Specials" and other inexpensive guns because it's not fair that poor people have access to guns too.  34. Police officers have some special Jedi-like mastery over handguns that private citizens can never hope to obtain.  35. Private citizens don't need a gun for self- protection because the police are there to protect them even though the Supreme Court says the police are not responsible for their protection.  36. Citizens don't need to carry a gun for personal protection but police chiefs, who are desk-bound administrators who work in a building filled with cops, need a gun.  37. "Assault weapons" have no purpose other than to kill large numbers of people. The police need assault weapons. You do not.  38. When Microsoft pressures its distributors to give Microsoft preferential promotion, that's bad; but when the Federal government pressures cities to buy guns only from Smith & Wesson, that's good.  39. Trigger locks do not interfere with the ability to use a gun for defensive purposes, which is why you see police officers with one on their duty weapon.  40. Handgun Control, Inc., says they want to "keep guns out of the wrong hands." Guess what? You have the wrong hands.
 As far as the AR vs. the Shotty It seems we disagree on about every issue. You say that you can change your load in the shotty to reduce your recoil but I have already stated that I do not like the idea of defending myself with birdshot. Simply put, if someone chose the AR over the shotgun I could very well understand their decision.  You don't have to go all the way down to birdshot. You can use #4 buckshot or a goose load.   When I mentioned adrenaline dump I spoke from some experience. I had extensive training in the Army with the M-16. Trust me, you will not be as accurate as you think when a target presents itself. In my situation a shotgun would have probably got me killed. Not because it is ineffective but because the AR/M-16 is faster with followup shots. I still value the shotty for typical civilian use but can understand why someone might prefer the AR.  I disagree, the shotgun should have a quicker follow up shot, because the shotgun can be heavier and loaded lighter (and not just birdshot either).    With regards to the semi. vs. revolver, my comments about the fire extinguisher still stand. I have modern examples of chemical style extinguishers. I do not have the old pressurized water filled ones. The would both work but I choose the chemical variety. Revolvers and semi's would both work for SD but I choose a semi. I am a better shot with my semi than my revolver. I can shoot faster with more accuracy. Not everyone is the same in that regard, let them choose accordingly. I will remind you that 6 shots is enough for you but may not be enough for someone else. If someone want to carry a 100 rd. drum of .22 so be it. I think I already addressed this but I will state it again. I do not recommend anyone use a .22 for self defense UNLESS it is the only weapon available or for some reason it is the only weapon you can shoot well. There are other calibers out there that most people should be able to handle, be it in a revolver or a semi auto.   Same reasoning behind not using the .22lr for defense. You should use as much power as possible. I've not seen people take 6 .357 or .44 and still function. If you take all 6 shots and miss 4 you could be endangering others especially if these shots were made within city limits, after all with the adrenaline would you be waiting for a safe backstop?    The training that people need is determined differently in different states. I don't think people should be forced to train just to own and carry a firearm. I know it sounds dangerous but I see it as an infringement on our rights. I am not the one to say who is trained enough and who is not, I will try to only speak for myself. I suggest you do the same. If someone makes a mistake and hurts another person then let them be responsible for their error.   There has to be some requirements to operating some tools. Otherwise states should not require driver licenses or any form of exam to prove knowledge on operating a vehicle. Driving may be a privilege on public roads, but so is walking on public sidewalks.   Would you ever consider limiting people's choices of guns? For example, would you make it harder or impossible for someone to buy an semi auto pistol or an AR-15 via laws or regulations? How do you feel about mag capacity limits?   I believe the 2nd amendment should be enforced with the intention that it was written so the populace can engage against invasion by domestic/foreign forces. Under this ideal, the Right to Keep and Bear ARMS means ALL ARMS, not just guns.
On your very last comment, I agree. I have yet however to figure out a way to limit people from owning WMD's while at the same time following this reasoning. I think free citizens should be able to own and operate the same small arms that the military operates at the very least.   I would remind you that driving is a privilege while owning a firearm is enumerated in our Constitution and shall not be infringed..   On the follow up shot of the AR vs. the shotgun, you could not be more wrong, period. Go to the range, time yourself on both and report your results. If you are an honest man, and I have no reason to doubt you, then you will see that I am right.  "Same reasoning behind not using the .22lr for defense. You should use as much power as possible. I've not seen people take 6 .357 or .44 and still function. If you take all 6 shots and miss 4 you could be endangering others especially if these shots were made within city limits, after all with the adrenaline would you be waiting for a safe backstop? " Use as much power as possible, exactly! Some people can not use .44 or .357 or 9mm I would suppose. Therefore they may be forced to use a .22. Yes you may also endanger others when missing your target but when your life is on the line then that decision lei's with the one shooting.  You never answered my previous questions by the way.  "Would you ever consider limiting people's choices of guns? For example, would you make it harder or impossible for someone to buy an semi auto pistol or an AR-15 via laws or regulations? How do you feel about mag capacity limits?"  I am just curious.
On your very last comment, I agree. I have yet however to figure out a way to limit people from owning WMD's while at the same time following this reasoning. I think free citizens should be able to own and operate the same small arms that the military operates at the very least.    I disagree. The 2nd Amendment says ARMS, not SMALL ARMS. I'd like to hear what reasoning you have behind this that does adheres to the intention of the 2nd A as I have stated previously.   On the follow up shot of the AR vs. the shotgun, you could not be more wrong, period. Go to the range, time yourself on both and report your results. If you are an honest man, and I have no reason to doubt you, then you will see that I am right.   There's no need for that unless you can explain to me physically how a heavier gun with the same amount of gun powder in it could possibly recoil more than a lighter gun with the same amount of gun powder in it.    Use as much power as possible, exactly! Some people can not use .44 or .357 or 9mm I would suppose. Therefore they may be forced to use a .22. Yes you may also endanger others when missing your target but when your life is on the line then that decision lei's with the one shooting.   That decision may lie with the shooter, but realize a stray bullet damaging property/people is still a crime in this situation. One should not ENCOURAGE that type of behavior. You are going to have to explain what you mean by "can not use". Physically incapable means suffering harm from firing such cartridges for that I give leeway for having a legitimate reason to use a lighter cartridge.   "Would you ever consider limiting people's choices of guns? For example, would you make it harder or impossible for someone to buy an semi auto pistol or an AR-15 via laws or regulations? How do you feel about mag capacity limits?"   The 2nd Amendment and the bill of rights when written was claimed as a "god given right". That means everyone, not just law abiding citizens. Every single person in this country should be able to purchase any form of ARMS, be they criminal or non-citizens.
I disagree. The 2nd Amendment says ARMS, not SMALL ARMS. I'd like to hear what reasoning you have behind this that does adheres to the intention of the 2nd A as I have stated previously.  So where do we disagree? I stated that " I have yet however to figure out a way to limit people from owning WMD's while at the same time following this reasoning." That reasoning does not support limiting people according to the 2A. I suspect we are in agreement.    There's no need for that unless you can explain to me physically how a heavier gun with the same amount of gun powder in it could possibly recoil more than a lighter gun with the same amount of gun powder in it.  You can easily pull your trigger finger faster on an AR-15 than you can work the action on a pump and then pull the trigger. You would do better with a semi shotty but the loads you would have to use to equal the speed of an AR would simply not be as effective. Simple. You do not have to believe me, go try it yourself.       That decision may lie with the shooter, but realize a stray bullet damaging property/people is still a crime in this situation. One should not ENCOURAGE that type of behavior. You are going to have to explain what you mean by "can not use". Physically incapable means suffering harm from firing such cartridges for that I give leeway for having a legitimate reason to use a lighter cartridge.  "can not use" as in unable to fire accurately and I am not encouraging any bad behavior. I have stated that one should use the largest caliber that one can operate proficiently and accurately.    The 2nd Amendment and the bill of rights when written was claimed as a "god given right". That means everyone, not just law abiding citizens. Every single person in this country should be able to purchase any form of ARMS, be they criminal or non-citizens.  And we disagree about this, where?  By the way,  "Would you ever consider limiting people's choices of guns? For example, would you make it harder or impossible for someone to buy an semi auto pistol or an AR-15 via laws or regulations? How do you feel about mag capacity limits?"  I am just curious.  I assume your stance on the 2A means that your answer to the first part of the question is "no". Would that be fair? What about the last part?
 So where do we disagree? I stated that " I have yet however to figure out a way to limit people from owning WMD's while at the same time following this reasoning." That reasoning does not support limiting people according to the 2A. I suspect we are in agreement.   I misread and skipped over "yet".   You can easily pull your trigger finger faster on an AR-15 than you can work the action on a pump and then pull the trigger. You would do better with a semi shotty but the loads you would have to use to equal the speed of an AR would simply not be as effective. Simple. You do not have to believe me, go try it yourself.   That really speaks for how weak the 5.56mm round is not the shotgun. I found an article that explains some of why the police use 5.56mm and also about the new factory reduced recoil loads addressing that issue.   http://www.findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m0BQY/is_1_51/ai_n7581217  Not only that, you can get heavier shotguns or shotguns with recoil reduction built in like the Berretta Xtrema 2.   http://gizmodo.com/gadgets/gadgets/barretta-extrema2-in-the-hands-of-a-master-185473.php  Furthermore at the ranges we're talking about, followup shots isn't all that hard to adjust to. Here's someone bump-firing a 12-gauge semi without recoil reductions built in.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8KqR2vPVPxE    "can not use" as in unable to fire accurately and I am not encouraging any bad behavior. I have stated that one should use the largest caliber that one can operate proficiently and accurately.   I see "can not use" as someone who has a physical handicap that prevents them from firing accurately. Shooting badly, because you have a twitch that grows exponentially with magnum loads is something that needs to be taken care of in the first place.    And we disagree about this, where?   I didn't say we disagree, that was the answer to your question. Which you asked again below. Anything that can be labeled as arms and is in use by domestic/foreign forces should be covered.   By the way,  "Would you ever consider limiting people's choices of guns? For example, would you make it harder or impossible for someone to buy an semi auto pistol or an AR-15 via laws or regulations? How do you feel about mag capacity limits?"  I am just curious.  I assume your stance on the 2A means that your answer to the first part of the question is "no". Would that be fair? What about the last part? 
I misread and skipped over "yet".    That really speaks for how weak the 5.56mm round is not the shotgun. I found an article that explains some of why the police use 5.56mm and also about the new factory reduced recoil loads addressing that issue.   http://www.findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m0BQY/is_1_51/ai_n7581217What this article describes has yet to become mainstream. Until it does I have a hard time believing it. I think I can still do better with an AR.   Not only that, you can get heavier shotguns or shotguns with recoil reduction built in like the Berretta Xtrema 2.   http://gizmodo.com/gadgets/gadgets/barretta-extrema2-in-the-hands-of-a-master-185473.phpI have seen this vid before and it is great shooting, but it is from a professional shooter. Very few of us, including you, unless you tour the circuit will be able to achieve his same skill.  Furthermore at the ranges we're talking about, followup shots isn't all that hard to adjust to. Here's someone bump-firing a 12-gauge semi without recoil reductions built in.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8KqR2vPVPxEIt looks like this guy has a Saiga. He does a very good job of keeping his weapon on target apparently. I did not see his target however. From the looks of things, he probably did well. I am sure I could do just as well with an AR and be just as accurate. Not to mention less training involved to achieve that standard.     I see "can not use" as someone who has a physical handicap that prevents them from firing accurately. Shooting badly, because you have a twitch that grows exponentially with magnum loads is something that needs to be taken care of in the first place. "can not use" was meant to describe someone that is "re-coil sensitive, small of stature, or generally weak. I find it hard to believe that you could not discern what I meant.      I didn't say we disagree, that was the answer to your question. Which you asked again below. Anything that can be labeled as arms and is in use by domestic/foreign forces should be covered.  I am starting to think that you just like to disagree. How do you feel about limiting mag capacity?
I am starting to think that you just like to disagree. How do you feel about limiting mag capacity?  I think that we should limit a magazine's capacity........................to what a man can physically carry. emoticon_xkill emoticon_xgood
I think that we should limit a magazine's capacity........................to what a man can physically carry. emoticon_xkill emoticon_xgood  I'm in agreeance here.
I'm in agreeance here.  Agreeance? I must have skipped that one in the dictionary and gone right to agreement. :)
Agreeance? I must have skipped that one in the dictionary and gone right to agreement. :)  Thats my made up word, like it?
 What this article describes has yet to become mainstream. Until it does I have a hard time believing it. I think I can still do better with an AR.  Take it however you want to, but factory "tactical" loads are being made available for civilians.    I have seen this vid before and it is great shooting, but it is from a professional shooter. Very few of us, including you, unless you tour the circuit will be able to achieve his same skill.   Us common folk probably can't achieve the same accuracy he has, but for an average sized man he was able to squeeze of rounds very quickly without muzzle rise, which is one of the points of that demonstration.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8KqR2vPVPxEIt looks like this guy has a Saiga. He does a very good job of keeping his weapon on target apparently. I did not see his target however. From the looks of things, he probably did well. I am sure I could do just as well with an AR and be just as accurate. Not to mention less training involved to achieve that standard.  Bump firing is hardly something that requires much training. The importance of what he did is that he's practically using one hand to hold steady a 12 gauge during rapid fire. I fail to see why more training is required of it.    "can not use" was meant to describe someone that is "re-coil sensitive, small of stature, or generally weak. I find it hard to believe that you could not discern what I meant.  Again, "recoil sensitive" is not a real excuse unless it a derivate of a physical handicap. You weren't very clear about that point.   I am starting to think that you just like to disagree. How do you feel about limiting mag capacity?   I think I've answered this twice already. Anything regarded as ARMS under the purpose of defense against foreign/domestic forces should not be infringed on. A magazine being a necessary component of a firearm really should be aligned under the generalization of ARMS. So if high capacity weaponry is deemed necessary by these forces then it should be deemed necessary by the populace.
Thank you for finally answering the question.  Quote: "can not use" was meant to describe someone that is "re-coil sensitive, small of stature, or generally weak. I find it hard to believe that you could not discern what I meant.   Again, "recoil sensitive" is not a real excuse unless it a derivative of a physical handicap. You weren't very clear about that point.  "Recoil sensitive" is a term used to describe those that are just that. Some people are more and some less so ; sensitive to the recoil of a weapon. It usually describes those that are weaker or as we have discussed, handicapped. You have made a few blanket statements about what one SHOULD carry, or HOW MANY rounds one should shoot. My biggest disagreement is that I think one should carry any weapon one decides to. As well one should be free to shoot whichever caliber he/she wants. In your previous post you imply that a revolver is all that you should need. That may be fine for you but until you are challenged with a particular situation we will never know. The same goes for me and wanting a semi-auto. At least I will have more rounds and I have yet to have a malfunction.  When you talk about shotguns vs. an AR; those were great videos. I don't think you can shoot a shotgun that well. I can't, therefore I stand by my assertion that an AR can provide a higher rate of fire. I base that off of my 20 years of experience although I will admit that I do not know everything.  I stand by my claim that almost, indeed; most everyone will agree that you can attain a higher rate of fire with an AR or similarly chambered weapon than a shotgun.
 "Recoil sensitive" is a term used to describe those that are just that. Some people are more and some less so ; sensitive to the recoil of a weapon. It usually describes those that are weaker or as we have discussed, handicapped. You have made a few blanket statements about what one SHOULD carry, or HOW MANY rounds one should shoot. My biggest disagreement is that I think one should carry any weapon one decides to. As well one should be free to shoot whichever caliber he/she wants. In your previous post you imply that a revolver is all that you should need. That may be fine for you but until you are challenged with a particular situation we will never know. The same goes for me and wanting a semi-auto. At least I will have more rounds and I have yet to have a malfunction.   "Want" and "need" are two seperate issues. "Need" is the point of discussion, not "Want". It may be impossible to plan for all situations, but for the specific purpose of SD against the common criminal confrontation on the streets a revolver is all you should "need".    When you talk about shotguns vs. an AR; those were great videos. I don't think you can shoot a shotgun that well. I can't, therefore I stand by my assertion that an AR can provide a higher rate of fire. I base that off of my 20 years of experience although I will admit that I do not know everything.  I stand by my claim that almost, indeed; most everyone will agree that you can attain a higher rate of fire with an AR or similarly chambered weapon than a shotgun.  You keep saying you shoot better/faster with an AR because you trained with it more. That's an unfair advantage in that you could've trained with the shotgun instead. Again, "Want" and "need" disparity. I fail to see what arduous training is required to rapid fire at 10 yards. You can keep your claim.I'm saying there's a lack of evidence as to why an AR will have a significantly faster follow up shot than a shotgun with the same load.
"Want" and "need" are two seperate issues. "Need" is the point of discussion, not "Want". It may be impossible to plan for all situations, but for the specific purpose of SD against the common criminal confrontation on the streets a revolver is all you should "need".   Thank you for determining that for me. I hope you never need more than six rounds to defend yourself. I mean that sincerely. For me however, I will have more than six at hand; not just because I want them but because I MAY need them. I guess we will never know until one of us falls into that precarious situation.   You keep saying you shoot better/faster with an AR because you trained with it more. That's an unfair advantage in that you could've trained with the shotgun instead. Again, "Want" and "need" disparity. I fail to see what arduous training is required to rapid fire at 10 yards. You can keep your claim.I'm saying there's a lack of evidence as to why an AR will have a significantly faster follow up shot than a shotgun with the same load.  Yes I have a lot of training with an AR but I don't think that is the only reason. As I have posted before, I don't think a load light enough in a shotgun to allow the same rapid fire as an AR would have the desired effect on the threat. I would feel better with a standard load in a shotgun and shoot slower.
 Thank you for determining that for me. I hope you never need more than six rounds to defend yourself. I mean that sincerely. For me however, I will have more than six at hand; not just because I want them but because I MAY need them. I guess we will never know until one of us falls into that precarious situation.   If I ever prepare for "Needing" to shoot more than 6 rounds in a situation, I would bring a rifle. I can't think of a situation other than gang ups and firefights where I would really need that.    Yes I have a lot of training with an AR but I don't think that is the only reason. As I have posted before, I don't think a load light enough in a shotgun to allow the same rapid fire as an AR would have the desired effect on the threat. I would feel better with a standard load in a shotgun and shoot slower.   I don't understand, if the same power out of a shotgun is insufficient then why would a 5.56 round be sufficient?
What load for a shotgun is equal in recoil to an AR yet still as lethal?
.410 with 1/2oz. shot produces more, but comparable recoil to a 5.56mm. (7.1ft lbs to 5.5 ft lbs) according to chuck hawk. Since we're talking about less than 50 feet, pretty much all of the muzzle energy will reach your target.
So, a .410 does recoil more than an AR? I see your point about them being close however I would much rather defend myself with an AR in 5.56mm than a .410 with 1/2 oz. shot.
Well if you want to literally match the recoil of a 5.56mm then you may need to reload the shells yourself with a tad less powder, but a .410 is 22% more recoil than a 5.56mm, which is comparable. Alongside, the .410 1/2oz also has 36%+ more energy than the 5.56mm (according to chuckhawks) and should penetrate some 4+ inches of ballistic gel at the ranges we're talking about .
I hear you but just don't subscribe to what you are saying.   There are guys much smarter than me that suggest a minimum of 12-13 inches of penetration in ballistic gel to be effective in an SD role. Whether or not that is truly necessary is up to debate I suppose, but I tend to agree with them.
I hear you but just don't subscribe to what you are saying.   There are guys much smarter than me that suggest a minimum of 12-13 inches of penetration in ballistic gel to be effective in an SD role. Whether or not that is truly necessary is up to debate I suppose, but I tend to agree with them.  I would go with a shotgun full of birdshot inside of a drywalled house full of people vs a 5.56 Ar round every time. I'm not interested in killing family members along with the perp. emoticon_xkill  But, my weapon of choice is a semi-automatic 12 gauge with three rounds of progressively bigger pellets. By the time, I got to round 3, I'd be using 00 Buckshot.
I also put the shotgun in line first before the AR in an HD role. I prefer a 12 guage in 00 but I live in a concrete block house which reduces penetration issues. It is very important to remember to be aware of your back stop no matter what load or caliber you choose.
Let me add my two cents. I use an old Remington state police 8 shot 12 gauge pump gun for home defense, but I'm not saying it is the best gun for that purpose. I just grew up on a pump gun, and I have confidence in my ability to operate it in an emergency.   I used to use #4 shot, thinking I needed the extra power. But back in '02 I witnessed the aftermath of a shotgun double homicide inside a house. Federal brand light target 2 3/4 #8 was used, and I can tell you that at home defense distances it is a man killer. I have seen the aftermath of wounds inflicted by many types of firearms before, including large caliber rifles and handguns up to .44mag. But I have never seen wounds more devastating than those caused by #8 shot fired at a distance of 15-20ft. It also has more penetration power than you might think. It is capable of penetrating dry wall and of punching a silver dollar sized hole clean through a 1 1/2 inch thick pine head board.   I am convinced that if you choose a standard 12 gauge shotgun for home defense then #8 is all you will ever need.
Bryan, I am sure you are right based on the experience you have just related. I think the discussioun at hand though has evolved into the minutia of what is faster to fire, AR vs. shotgun and what is more accurate while fireing fast AR vs. shotgun.  We have strayed quite a bvit from the original intent of the first post.
It's sad to see that in a country of such great strength, courage and conviction, that at a time when it seems obvious to the rest of the world that gun control works, that the citizens of the US will react to shootings like the one in Virginia, by purchasing more firearms.  What is it in their society that makes them so scared ? Is it people with guns maybe ?  Is it the media's fascination with all things horrific and the way they broadcast them into homes every single day, never really letting the idea of a crazed gunman bursting into their home, school or workplace ever leave their minds ?   Whatever it is, it should be seriously looked at.   There are arguments that " Guns Kill People " There are arguments that "People kill People, not guns" When the truth is " People with GUNS, kill people" but i do not mean that all people with guns are killers.   As long as it remains easier to pull the trigger on a weapon than it is to type ^. ( u need two hands to type ^ ) (at least i do, small fingers ) people with guns will continue to kill people.  Tell me newbie, what would you have done if you were an unarmed Tutsi in Rwanda in the spring of 1994 when hoardes of Hitu were going door to door, dragging your neighbors out of their houses and hacking them to death with machettes (because Rwanda was a "gun free zone" ) ? Would you have been singing the praises of an unarmed citizenry while your body parts were disconnected from your torso? emoticon_rolleyes
It's sad to see that in a country of such great strength, courage and conviction, that at a time when it seems obvious to the rest of the world that gun control works, that the citizens of the US will react to shootings like the one in Virginia, by purchasing more firearms.  What is it in their society that makes them so scared ? Is it people with guns maybe ?  Is it the media's fascination with all things horrific and the way they broadcast them into homes every single day, never really letting the idea of a crazed gunman bursting into their home, school or workplace ever leave their minds ?   Whatever it is, it should be seriously looked at.   There are arguments that " Guns Kill People " There are arguments that "People kill People, not guns" When the truth is " People with GUNS, kill people" but i do not mean that all people with guns are killers.   As long as it remains easier to pull the trigger on a weapon than it is to type ^. ( u need two hands to type ^ ) (at least i do, small fingers ) people with guns will continue to kill people.  I don't think it is obvious that gun control worksemoticon_confused   Remember one thing. In a place like America, with so many guns in existence that you will NEVER make them go away. No gun control measure will EVER get rid of all the guns. Once everyone wakes up to that fact then we can move on to the next one. If there are still guns out there then that means there are bad guys with guns. I am not going to tell someone that they cannot defend themselves with a gun under those circumstances.   I think all these other countries need to "get over themselves". If they do not want guns in their society that is fine with me. Here in America we have the 2nd Amendment that recognizes my right to be armed. If someone does not like that then they need to change the amendment. Just think, if just one lucky person in the Virginia Tech. incident had a gun on them they might have been able to stop that XXXXX that killed 32 people.
What is it in their society that makes them so scared ?  It pains me to say that in US society, poverty and other injustices run rampant. Although a majority of this is caused by themselves, people try to find someone to blame. Unfortunately, there is no telling if that someone will be you, a relative, or a close friend. Even if guns werent available, these people so bent on revenge willfind some other object with which to commit their action. I would rather have my own firearm ready to combat these villains if (God forbid) they ever invade my home, than to be stuck with them holding one weapon to my none. It is for the same reason that I educate my family on the proper usage of firearms. Do you want a real reason to be scared of gun control? One of Hitler's first acts was to make Germany "safer" by slowly restricting firearms and eventually banning them. In six years, thirteen million were exterminated without a defense. One of Stalin's first acts was to make the USSR "safer" by slowly restricting firearms and eventually banning them. In twenty-four years, twenty million were exterminated without a defense. In China, communist rulers made it a priority to make China "safer" by slowly restricting firearms and eventually banning them. In fifty-eight years, twenty million were exterminated without a defense. Leaders made Turkey "safer" by slowly restricting firearms and eventually banning them. In two years, 1.5 million were exterminated without a defense. Also, guns are not all about self defense. I've been around firearms since I was a toddler, and hunt or target shoot regularly. To me, shooting is more of a hobby and more for enjoyment purposes than defense. That's just one more added benefit.
How can we exercise gun control and nuclear disarmament while America is going on with nuclear genocide?   Firstly, America must plead guilty in the WWII genocide of the Japanese! The Japanese civilians got killed in American nuclear bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki are surely victims! And the mortality figures among those who suffered for years with radiation sickness make the level of genocide even more scary.  Secondly, America must plead guilty in more recent such cases among alliance forces in Afghanistan and Iraq and among civilians in these countries. They all fell victims of illegal American tests of new types of nuclear weapons there!! The fact is staying hidden from rest of the world.  America is going on with nuclear genocide! And international community should exert immediate pressure on American administration to stop that crime against humanity by the USA!  We were at war with Japan. Those two cities were legitamate targets. Japan should have thought twice before attacking us in 1941.  As for illegal tests of nuclear weapons in Afghanistan and Iraq----emoticon_confused ----Could you please provide some documented proof? Surely you are not confusing a "fuel air bomb" with a nuclear device.
Firstly, America must plead guilty in the WWII genocide of the Japanese! The Japanese civilians got killed in American nuclear bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki are surely victims! And the mortality figures among those who suffered for years with radiation sickness make the level of genocide even more scary.  *sigh*......how uneducated............ the definition of "genocide" is the deliberate and systematic extermination of a national, racial, political, or cultural group [source]. The goal of the bombs was not the "extermination" of the Japanese but to end the war by the fastest and safest way possible, eliminating numerous casualties for both sides.  Secondly, America must plead guilty in more recent such cases among alliance forces in Afghanistan and Iraq and among civilians in these countries. They all fell victims of illegal American tests of new types of nuclear weapons there!! The fact is staying hidden from rest of the world.   And where exactly did you hear this? I find it hard to believe a governent that couldn't keep an affair or a low-level break-in under wraps could keep something like that secret................. Also if it is true and among alliance forces why do you blame solely the US?
As for illegal tests of nuclear weapons in Afghanistan and Iraq---- ----Could you please provide some documented proof? Surely you are not confusing a "fuel air bomb" with a nuclear device.  He's talking about the use of depleted uranium shells. There's been quite a few studies contradicting the Army claims that the material is harmless especially long term effects.
The question of country's accession to independence here, in Scotland, is especially acute now, although the background of it numbers over 300 years.  Of course, in our Scottish state we have both the supporters of secession from Britain, and opponents. But one thing is clear and important for all, who live on this land: our independence from Britain will deliver the Scottish people from the necessity of participating in war against terror, which was dictated to UK by USA and which turned our country into easy target for international terrorists of all types.  Moreover, if we find our own feet, there will no longer need to invest our money in various London's programs for maintaining status of UK as a great power, specifically, to support cost intensive programs for modernization of UK nuclear arsenals.  I never thought I'd see the day that the land of my ancestors would become as docile as the sheep that they raised. A sad day, Indeed. emoticon_cry
I am afraid, Bram and Joszi, that you have not been exposed to all the facts. For example, your country, the Netherlands, actually has a higher rate of homicide than Norway. In the Netherlands, less than five percent of homes contain legally owned firearms. In Norway, more than thirty percent of homes contain legally owned firearms.  In short, Norway has more guns, yet less people killing each other.  In fact, a look at the statistics will reveal that homicide rates for developed nations remain fairly level no matter what the volume of firearms available to the public. In fact, I have just such a scatter chart already prepared.  emoticon_xgood ....
Maybe in the US. You're pretty saturated with guns and I think you should keep yours. Giving them up when everyone who wants to abuse the law can just stock up before disarmament is a bad idea imo.  Over here in the UK, we're not saturated with guns. Gun crime is very low and obtaining a gun isn't as easy as newspapers would lead you to believe. We have no need for guns, and most law abiding citizens wouldn't want one. As such, I don't think we should legalise them over here.  -Wez  You have more violent crimes than we do here in the US. I don't just mean you have a higher violent crime rate, you have more violent crimes total! Gun crime in the UK was always low, but since you banned all non-antique handguns your gun murder has risen and your overall non-arigun gun crime has risen a lot! Banning handguns did nothing to reduce gun crime in the UK and I am glad you guys banned handguns. I am glad because everytime someone tries to claim that banning handguns reduces gun crime, I just say "look at the UK".
"Want" and "need" are two seperate issues. "Need" is the point of discussion, not "Want". It may be impossible to plan for all situations, but for the specific purpose of SD against the common criminal confrontation on the streets a revolver is all you should "need".     You and the governement "need" to have a reason to limit my acquisition of a firearm I "want". I can find a reson for needing a particular handgun for self defense, but that is not my requirement. The onus is on you and others to demonstrate why I even "need" to defend my reasoning for having one. Some revolvers do not fit well with some people for their purposes based on utilitarian reasons. It is wrong to limit people's ability to defend themselves on a "one size fits all" handgun approach. If I feel I need or don't need a polymer frame handgun that holds more than ten rounds, then it is my choice for whatever reason I decide, not you or anyone else.
Yes i understand why u dont see why americans want guns. People in America want to hunt it gives them a feelnig of power knowing they can kill. Yes i live in america but im dutch and have been to the netherlands. But personally i would want to have a gun for protection.  -Best place to live The NetherLands-emoticon_xbouncer
The Netherlands? So, heroin is fine but the means to defend yourself: bad?  Ok.   PS- Have fun worshipping government....emoticon_xbye
Yeah that's something I've noticed too. The people who hate guns, a legal product, absolutely love illegal narcotics.
Yup. Very wierd. Now, don't get me wrong, I think people should have the freedom to kill themselves (AKA take drugs). The drug war is a complete travesty but I'll never understand how people can tolerate drug use but not tolerate non-criminals having the means to defend themselves from said criminals.   It baffles the mind...
Christopher M Gibson / Compilation of other Sources 2 November 2008 Second Amendment: The Right to Bear ArmsThe Second Amendment to the Constitution of the United States America states that, "A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the People to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed." With much controversy, the right to bear arms has been disputed for many years. Do weapons benefit our community or is it the contrary? Should we be for the use of weapons such as guns or against? Guns do benefit the community when not in the hands of a negligent user. We keep guns for our personal protection from the world that surrounds us. Unfortunately we keep them to protect us primarily from other people who possess guns. A famous slogan by the Colt firearm manufacturer stated, "God made man, but Sam Colt made man equal." This is an odd way to look at things, but isn't it true? The weak are inadequate to the strong without some kind of defense; thus, weapons are produced to protect the individual in foreign and domestic attack. In a desperate struggle to save herself from being raped and abused, a 57-year old woman from St. Louis shot and killed her assailant. She had been beaten and raped only a week before by the same man, and when attempting to rape the woman again the attacker met his match, a shotgun. Police will not persecute the woman because she acted in self-defense. (Ratcliffe) In moments of peril, what would you do? Weapons are made for defense. This woman was alone in a dark home and was defenseless without her gun. She had been desecrated and left with a sense of being worthless and used. She did what she had to do to protect herself from this man before he committed this terrible act again.  As many as 200,00 women use a gun every year to defend themselves against sexual abuse. (RTKBA) Having a gun for one's personal protection is a justified means of self-defense. Dick Heller, a D.C. special policeman, registered for a personal handgun used for self-defense in the home. He was rejected based on the law in D.C. that states that no gun is permitted unless used by law enforcement or registered before 1975. Heller and some lawyers pursued a case stating that prohibiting firearms in D.C violates the Second Amendment. The Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit's Judge Henderson claims that the District of Columbia is not a state and that it doesn't fall under the amendment. (Heller) The District of Columbia is the capital of the United States and for some reason Judge Henderson doesn't think that the Second Amendment applies to it. After surpassing the Court of Appeals, Heller's group took the case to the Supreme Court where the decision was made to rid of D.C. gun law that violates the Second Amendment. Washington D.C. was once known as the "murder capital" of the United States. By 2006, the crime rate had dropped drastically due to the District of Columbia v. Heller case. (Washington, D.C.) Having driven the issue, Dick Heller not only regained his rights to possess a handgun, but also helped the community's crime rate lower. Willie Wood, a store clerk in Greenville, South Carolina, stumbled across the misfortune of being robbed one evening. The two robbers, one armed with a knife and the other a pistol, demanded Willie to give them all of his money in the cash register. He hesitantly handed over his daily earnings of $3000 and refused to get on the ground when commanded to. The gunman shot Willie once in the hand and it skimmed his chest. The gunman ran for the car and the other jumped over the counter tackling the wounded clerk to the ground. Willie's mother, hearing the fight from the other room, came running to help him by latching onto the suspect and trying to pull him away. In the battle, Willie's mother was fatally stabbed in the chest. Willie grabbed his pistol from underneath his shirt and squeezed five rounds of into the suspect, killing him instantly. (Yates v. Evatt) It is in cases like these where store clerks have to fend for themselves against armed robbers. Robbers usually have a well-planned scenario and firearms to supply the fear factor. Willie did the right thing to arm himself with a handgun to protect his store and himself. It is the right of any persons claiming citizenship in this country to own a firearm. The Second Amendment of the United States protects that right. I believe that everyone should own a firearm with no intentions to use it in a harmful manner. Guns are used for protection against the evils of this world and it's hard to do without. In two different cases, I have enlightened you with stories of victims having to use guns for their safety from those evils. There are different views on gun control and during this election each side has an opposing standpoint. On one side, McCain is for the use of guns and on the other Obama would like to get rid of guns; either way has its pros and cons. I feel that even if guns were taken away that violence would still be in existence. Guns only make your world a safer place when you use it for your defense. So I ask: Pro gun or no gun?     Word Count: 882
I'm not sure on the details of their plan, likely because they aren't sure of them. We're still in the process of spending around 3 billion to register all the firearms in Canada.emoticon_mad :xcensored   The announcement is a blatant attempt to garner votes in Toronto and Ontario, key election areas, where gun violence is highest.  I have no use for handguns, and I don't even know anyone that would be directly affected by the ban, but it's a matter of principle. It's the first step on a slippery slope.  We all know that the vast majority of gun crime is carried out with registered, legally obtained handguns. emoticon_rolleyes Therefore, banning handguns in Canada will surely solve the problem.   Where do they find the retards that dream this stuff up?    First of all, handguns are nearly impossible to obtain legally in Canada as it is, 95%+ of handguns used in crimes in Canada have been illegally smuggled into the country from the USA. Even the police forces are saying that the law is pointless as it would only serve to increase the smuggling of handguns from the US, and would likely not have any impact on the rate of handgun use in crimes.  On top of that, it would no doubt be another extremely expensive venture.   There are times when I really question the intelligence of the average Canadian, especially those in Ontario and Quebec. Some of them need a dose of reality.  Waxy
Do you object to this ban for reasons other than "It's a pointless waste of money"?  -Wez  Yes. I believe it's a matter of personal individual freedom.   If purchased legally, and not used to commit a crime, what harm comes from handgun ownership? I don't own one, but I own many other guns. If they can ban handguns, what's to stop them from banning shotguns, or even BB guns?  I don't believe in a nanny state, taking away my toys "for my own good".  Waxy
Does the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms permit the private ownership of handguns or perhaps (as in the US) grant a right to bear arms "that shall not be infringed" ?  To the best of my knowledge, it permits private ownership of firearms, but I don't believe it's a right like the 2nd Ammendment.  I'd have to look into it more closely.  Waxy
I see no legal use handguns can fulfil Target shooting and handgun hunting, for starters. There's also self-defense, although not many people seem to have a great desire to defend themselves.  If there's no legal use for a handgun, then why do all those cops carry them?  If there were no handguns in Canada I would support the ban, but as presumably there are already lots, I don't think the ban's a great idea.I tentatively agree with this - since there are already loads of illegal handguns in Canada, banning the legal ones will have no effect.  But I don't understand your support of banning them if there aren't any there. Could you explain this further please? If they weren't any, then why would you bother banning them?  Not saying I agree with them, but it would make a cops job eaiser. See a handgun, he knows it's illegal. I don't know canada's "probable cause" laws, but here in the US, seeing a handgun isn't justification. Why is that a good reason for this sort of law? What's the sense in removing the rights of citizens just to make a cop's job easier? Do you also support repealing the Fourth and Fifth Amendments (or the Canadian equivalent, if they have it), just to make cops' jobs easier? Allowing cops to use torture in interrogations would also make their jobs easier. Would you support that?
Shotguns are used for hunting. so are handguns.  BB guns aren't useful when robbing a store as they're too 'weak'. but they are still used, as long as the person itiis pointed at don't know it is a bb gun it works too.  I see no legal use handguns can fulfil olympic sports are legal, and use handguns too.   Not saying I agree with them, but it would make a cops job eaiser. i do not think it has had any affect in Chicago. if the cops see a handgun in a car, or on a person they know that the person is one of 2 things, a LEO, or a criminal. same in NYC, and DC.  think about it, a carry permit is a certificate that i have been law abiding, or i would not have been issued it.
Well, with the Liberal loss, the ridiculous handgun ban is a distant bad dream.  The newly elected Conservative party is currently trying to scrap/revamp the gun registry program. Unfortunately, as a minority gov't, they aren't likely to get too far.  Waxy
Handguns are extremely hard to legally obtain in the UK, they are comparable to NFA guns here. When handguns were "banned", crimes rose. Drastically.  Good thing that certain Canadians noticed this.
Crime overall here has been falling for years. true also for the US, it has been falling for 15 years or more.
NO to gun control  This is hard for me b/c i dont really like the idea of everybody walking around w/ guns... but at the same time, the evidence that gun control doesn't work is sooo good, plus it's against the Constitution...
I am against certain measures such as  banning a firearm because of cosmetic features because its "small" well basically banning any firearm, or any law requiring locks here and there NO!  I am for :  background checks as long as it is not a nusiance or infringement. In other words, instant check would be better.  keeping them away from violent persons and from very mentally disturbed individuals.  Oh and I'm new here.:)
Well, there are some groups that say only some gun control, but they have a hidden agenda. The Brady Campaign and the Violence Policy Center, both favor complete prohibition of guns, even though they do not advocate it openly. Yes I believe in some gun control, but only that which is logical. If you make it illegal, it will just create a big black market, and we all know how that is. LA in California has a big black market thanks to gun control, still politicians here keep advocating more of the "useless" gun control.:xcensored XXXXXX..
gun controle YES, know your target and what is behind it, aim center mass, and trigger squieze.
I would support a very few gun control laws.  Age limits, but all of them at 18. Forbidding ownership by felons, the insane, and other incapable people is acceptable. (Which means background checks, unfortunately.) The NFA 1934 restrictions on pen guns and the like are acceptable.  Pretty much everything else is wrong. I'm for unrestricted access to suppressors, and at worst minimal restrictions on full autos - perhaps similar to handguns now. GCA 1968 needs to go. I'm for Vermont style (unlicensed) concealed carry, and unlicensed open carry. Restrictions on carrying should be limited to forbidding the consumption of alcohol. And get rid of the stupid laws that don't let you go where alcohol is served - it's simple enough not to drink. And keep these gun storage laws out of my house.
Well, looks like there isn't much argument here.:) I guess we can all agree that their needs to be at least background checks and certain restrictions on certain destructive devices. But come on come on, how many drive by grenade launchings have you seen or bayonets by that matter?emoticon_rolleyes   As for pen guns, I think the NFA takes care of that. But still, if someone can pass all the background checks and strict scruitny of the state and federal governments they should be allowed full-auto stuff or AOW (Any other weapon.) For SBR restrictions, we really do not need that. Most people now a days can't really hide a short ak in them unless they are wearing a big trench coat or something.
I agree with everything except the last part. Safe gun storage is very important, and sensible storage requirements have two important factors:  but how often dose the law do much sensible? the safe storage laws are bad IMO, they lack the flexabilty needed to cover all the diffrent situations a guns are in. i keep my guns locked up, i have kids and low threght at my house. i have a frent who is devorced with 3 kids, her ex has thrented to kill her (got charged with trying to arange her death when he was in jail for a dubble homiside). i do not think she should keep her guns in a place that need a key to access them.  there are cases of safe storage laws costing the lives of kids too. http://www.sierratimes.com/txt/edvs092500.htm
Well, there does need to be some sort of gun control.   Some restrictions may be: 1. Felons can't purchase 2. 18 is the age you can purchase 3. Mental state  But to go as far as banning any gun is wrong, let alone stupid. But we must be able to have them, if desired. We do not need gun control, we need gun buyer control. The guns don't do anything unless they are used, so if we limit the criminals from getting them, we limit the crime.
We're talking pipe dreams here, not reality. Frankly, I'm prepared to sacrifice the people who die as a result of their guns being stored safely, in order to save the lives of the people who would have been killed through unsafely stored guns.  By which I mean: I consider it more likely that people will die as a result of unsafely stored firearms, than they would for the lack of an easily accessable firearm in the case of a home intrusion.   These aren't pipe dreams my friend...  ON the National Safety Council Website:  The Problem Viewed by Cause of Death Leading Causes of Unintentional Injury Deaths United States, 2003  Motor Vehicle 44,800  Falls 16,200  Poisoning 13,900  Choking 4,300  Drowning 2,900  Fires, flames, and smoke 2,600  Suffocation 1,200   Firearm related accidents aren't even near the top. According to them...looking around I found this in 2002 there were : DRUM rooolll please!!!  762 Firearm accidents!  That means that, your more likely to drown, die in a fire, or suffocate than to die by a firearm! Since firearms according to some of Clinton's research team.. are used 1.5 million times a year to fend of an attacker etc etc. So laws that require safe storage realllly do nothing. Besides, most LEGAL gun owners are responsible and keep their firearms under lock in key. Not only that they teach their children about firearms. Just last week some kid killed another kid, with a firearm that the parents could not own legally. Not only that! They did not follow the states storage laws of Illinois! That means these laws are redundant and aren't necessary. So should I pay for what some stupid people did? NO. Just because some idiot can't keep his/her firearms under responsible hands I should go out and buy a trigger lock everytime I buy a firearm? Thats just stupid.:xbanghead
By which I mean: I consider it more likely that people will die as a result of unsafely stored firearms, than they would for the lack of an easily accessable firearm in the case of a home intrusion. here is a sourse for more stories of people who use there weapon to defend themselvs. http://keepandbeararms.com/opsd/default.asp (they dont seam to still be updating, so there are a bunch of dead links) i find it hard to decide who's lives are more worth saving, the accadent victoms, or those who could not access there weapons in time to save them selves and there loved ones.
I confess, I didn't read this thread. I'm pretty sure that I've read enough of both sides before that I could actually pretend that I did read it.   I don't currently own a firearm myself, but I have owned many in the past. The US was founded with the gun. We're gun people. Our gun ownership is guaranteed by the Constitution. This is not arguable.  Own as many guns as you want. Be careful with them.
I confess, I didn't read this thread. I'm pretty sure that I've read enough of both sides before that I could actually pretend that I did read it.   I don't currently own a firearm myself, but I have owned many in the past. The US was founded with the gun. We're gun people. Our gun ownership is guaranteed by the Constitution. This is not arguable.  Own as many guns as you want. Be careful with them.  The arguments never change, just the rules.
No, safe storage laws do not work. They never will unless the government ends up breaking some amendments. There are less and less accidents thanks to education. Where does this education start? From the parents of course!
Responsible people already store firearms properly. How many of those dumb enough to leave firearms out would not have done so had there been a law telling them not to? It's not the law that would make them put the guns away, it's the huge fine.;)  -Wez
To make a poignant point addressing what I consider to be a similar style crime.  Responsible people already don't drink and drive. How many of those dumb enough to drink and drive would not have done so had there been a law telling them not to?  An important part of a law is allowing punishment, which in turn decreases the number of people breaking the law. If a person is irresponsible with a firearm, and their kid gets it and accidentally shoots themselves or someone else, I feel that we should be able to punish the person responsible for that firearm. Without some kind of storage requirements, as a rule, this person has broken no laws depite the fact they allowed a gun to come into the hands of a child. And despite the fact that someone has died as a result of their negligence, they cannot be punished for it.  Like I say, I don't want draconian gun laws. I just want all firearms to be out of reach of kids, or other irresponsible people. If a child in your house can find and fire a gun, you have failed to store it responsibly. While I concede that using a firearm for home defense is limited by this, it is not greatly so. I'm not saying every gun needs a trigger lock, and to be locked in a seperate cabinet from the ammo. It just needs to be in a place where kids can't get it, of if they can get it they can't fire it. In a home with no kids, I've no problem with a loaded gun being kept under the pillow or behind the door. But if you have kids, or kids frequent the house, make sure you store them safely.  I was raised in a household that contained guns and we children knew from the time we could talk that firearms were in no instance to be touched without the express permission and presence of a family member. That rule was always respected in every household I ever visited including family, friends and acquaintances. There were no trigger locks in that era, even homes were normally unlocked.   Other than parental respect and nurturing, what in general society has changed that makes guns a threat to children?
With drunk driving, however, people are discouraged by potentially being caught. Police are allowed to pull people over on public roads.  With firearms stored in the home, if you intend to fine "safe storage" violators, you would have to do random checks and searches of homes. Unless you make the act of owning a firearm reasonable reason for random police searches, I don't see how the law would be enforced. If the law isn't enforced, people are much less likely to follow it than laws preventing drunk driving, which have harsh penalties.  Even with law enforcement of drunk driving bordering on obsession, it still exists as a common occurrence. Laws are generally observed by a certain portion of society, seemingly shrinking as our (US) social problems become more widespread. Just an observation, I offer no solutions.
I was raised in a household that contained guns and we children knew from the time we could talk that firearms were in no instance to be touched without the express permission and presence of a family member. That rule was always respected in every household I ever visited including family, friends and acquaintances. There were no trigger locks in that era, even homes were normally unlocked.  Personal anecdotes might not reflect society as a whole.  Other than parental respect and nurturing, what in general society has changed that makes guns a threat to children? Guns were already a threat to young children when you were small. The threat's just been more widely recognised.  -Wez
Personal anecdotes might not reflect society as a whole.   Guns were already a threat to young children when you were small. The threat's just been more widely recognised.  -Wez  Agreed, but I also feel the change in population demographics from my childhood to urban growth centers has contributed to a circumstance of gun ownership being viewed more as a defense tool than a common household item used for sport, pest control and securing food. Gun identity properties and familiarity to many adults and contemporary children are now far different than in my childhood.
Without some kind of storage requirements, as a rule, this person has broken no laws depite the fact they allowed a gun to come into the hands of a child. And despite the fact that someone has died as a result of their negligence, they cannot be punished for it.  other than cival punisment, and the knologe they coused the death of there kid.  i wonder how many accedental deaths are coused by legal guns?
I agree with everything except the last part. Safe gun storage is very important, and sensible storage requirements have two important factors:  1 - Every responsible gun owner will already be doing it, and:  2 - It encourages irresponsible gun owners to store their firearms safely.  As a broad guideline - If a kid in your house can find and fire your gun, you deserve jail time. I can agree with this. And in case it seemed otherwise, I know full well how to store guns safely, and why it's necessary. My point was that I don't like the idea of such a law, especially when you consider the problem of enforcement. To be acceptable, such a law would have to focus on a kid or irresponsible person getting the gun, as opposed to the actual storage of guns. Because you can't barge into everyone's house to check their guns.  There's also the problem that many of these laws are not written by gun owners. A law specifically requiring trigger locks, for example, would be ignored by me, because I don't trust trigger locks to be effective. In my view, guns are kept unloaded in a large safe, loaded in a quick access safe, or on your person. A loaded gun with nothing more than a trigger lock is asking to be fired, I think.
I can agree with this. And in case it seemed otherwise, I know full well how to store guns safely, and why it's necessary. My point was that I don't like the idea of such a law, especially when you consider the problem of enforcement. To be acceptable, such a law would have to focus on a kid or irresponsible person getting the gun, as opposed to the actual storage of guns. Because you can't barge into everyone's house to check their guns. After a child dies from an accidental gun firing, chances are the cops will work out if that gun was or wasn't stored safely. You don't find out, until it's too late unfortunately, but the person responsible still gets punished. I think if the irresponsible gun owner didn't get punished, that would be a disgrace.  -Wez
214 in 1999:  http://www.med.umich.edu/1libr/yourchild/guns.htm  1999 US population was about 281,000,000, which would make the percentage 0.0000008%.   Unless one was personally affected by such a tragedy, the issue doesn't seem statistically significant enough to justify the level of resources directed at prevention.
That stat includes 18 and 19 years olds. I would not count them because, since they can buy a gun, why should they store them out of reach of themselves?  Also, that includes illegal guns. If someone owns a gun illegal, why would they follow safe storage laws?  So, in 1999, I think there were probably fewer than 214 children killed by firearms accidentally who may have been helped by "safe storage" laws.  Using statistics by age and 214 unintentional deaths:  0-5 4.62 5-14 26.30 15-19 183.09  The number is still so infinitesimal when compared to other types of accidental deaths I fail to see the value of expended resources, such as mandatory trigger locks, as other than political feel good legislation.
Brian,  I view Virginia's statue as adequate for investigation and prosecution in instances of adult negligence regarding firearm accessibility to minors who can then intentionally or unintentionally harm themselves or others. I'd think most states have similar legislation as we are the nation of redundant laws.   Current sentiment and objectives by gun control advocates lean towards making firearms unusable in the event minors do gain access to them, the trigger guard in various forms being an example. Do you feel the accessibility issue is one that will be pursued, perhaps to an eventuality of gun control advocates seeking legislation barring firearms in households where minor children are present?   I've posted my opinion on this issue, that available statistics do not display justification for public concern of minors being harmed by accessibility to firearms. That minute number would be difficult to reduce with supposedly no accessibility, but realize 'even one is too many' and 'zero tolerance' are the cries of most reformers on any public safety issue.
[QUOTE=Bryan] Arguing for a total ban for firearm in homes with young children will have to wait until after the passage of gun storage laws, where gun control advocates can then argue that "we tried the safe storage laws, but now the ban is needed because (for example) too many people ignore the safe storage law and the only way to make their children safe is to disarm the home."   It would be the next logical (or illogical, depending on your point of view) step after the passage of some "safe storage" law. QUOTE]  Thanks. That proves me with a broader image of potential gun control reasoning; the red herring of safe storage as a foothold of 'let your government take care of this' with full compliance being a statistical impossibility due to many factors. A few more deaths of children (still boggles my mind that such a fractional number can breed so much emotion/support) and move to disarm those homes. Establishing that landmark legislation would provide a short step to tacking on riders to other bills referring to that section deeming other circumstances unworthy of firearms ownership for various and sundry reasons, such as a moving traffic violation. All very feasible considering the rate at which we're now surrendering civil liberties.
(still boggles my mind that such a fractional number can breed so much emotion/support) that is due to the lack of hard numbers the anti-gun nut put out. they talk of "all the kids" or will include kids of up to 25. that movement has never been hampered by the truth.
Gun enthusiasts are the only people whose hobby is protected by the constitution.
I wonder why?  It's part of the ecological balance of nature.  If everyone has guns we take care of thinning out the heard ourselves.  so god likes Christians to have guns
_________________________________________________________________  I don't know about guns? Are they mentioned in Scripture? What about trebuchet's. I wonder if God would condone them?  For those of you who don't know what a trebuchet is, its a medeval device for throwing large objects (i.e. boulders, rocks, upright pianos, dead cows, etc) long distances, usually with a castle wall as the target.  trebuchet?  What in the hell are you talking about.
Them, and people who use their free time to post their opinions on the internet.  hay that's a good one.  On the down side the government now knows exactly who I am.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------  Nothing serious. You stated "so god likes christians to have guns."  I have not read anywhere in any book where any god likes christians to have guns.   Both guns and trebuchet's are dangerous weapons if in the wrong hands.  I dont know if bog a snorkelers safety knife or a celtic boomerang throwers rubber band is.  Not every thing comes out of a book haz
-------------------------------------------------------------------------  Nothing serious. You stated "so god likes christians to have guns."  I have not read anywhere in any book where any god likes christians to have guns.   Both guns and trebuchet's are dangerous weapons if in the wrong hands.  I dont know if bog a snorkelers safety knife or a celtic boomerang throwers rubber band is.  trebuchet?  What in the hell are you talking about.
.  I totally agree monster.  What about this? Now heres a sport that needs protection by legislation before it too is banned by the snivel liberterians. There's a rumor getting around that the bog snorklers and celtic boomerang throwers are infiltrating the society of Jai alai Players.   Jai alai, as you may already know is a popular Latin American game and is one of the world's fastest sports and extremely dangerous because of its speed of play and because of the velocity the pelota can achieve. Jai alai is played in a theater-like building called a fronton. The curved wicker basket is called a cesta in this game, I might add, has nothing to do with a Cornucopia although similar in shape. The ball used to play is called the pelota. The players must wear helmets, sneakers are optional, white pants with a red or blue stripe mandatory, and white or colored shirts bearing numbers. The majority of people who play Jai alai it seems are now mostly retired bog snorklers and Celtic boomerang throwers. They are covertly lobbying senators and pushing to have this wonderful sport banned.  haz I got to tell ya, I dident read it.  I just looked at it and went oh great more Celtic boomerang throwers and turned my computer off and went to bed.
So whats trenchbutt anyway?  And why do you keep bringing it up.  Do you have it?
[QUOTE=hazard][quote] "haz I got to tell ya, I dident read it.".  I dont blame ya! I was getting emoticon_zzzz writing it :)   I just looked at it and went oh great more Celtic boomerang throwers and turned my computer off and went to bed. ______________________________________________________________  Ok.  A trebuchet was actually the canon, or war engine of medieval times. You have seen them in the movies. A frame on a sled or with wheels, and has a heavy weight on the short end of a large lever which was suddenly released raising the light end of the longer arm containing a large bolder or skin of hot oil and discharging it with great force. Used for smashing down castle walls.  Like guns and cannons of today, if left alone they hurt no one. In the wrong hands and for the wrong reasons, another story.  I must say, I had owned and handled guns all my life and I have never pointed one at any human being except in self defence, to save my life  haz!  Calm down.  I know what a trebuchet is.  Your not the only one who watches PBS you know.
Gun enthusiasts are the only people whose hobby is protected by the constitution. also one of the few hobbys that will be able to come to your defence if you are under attack.
also one of the few hobbys that will be able to come to your defence if you are under attack.  With a price, if you have one your more likely to shoot YOURSELF then stop an attacker with it.  It's not my opinion it's a statistic.
I agree that possession of firearms is a dangerous activity, and that firearms safety requires the exercise of personal responsibility. But the dangers involved do not affect my opinion that it is my individual right to choose whether or not to possess firearms.   Let me ask this: Is there anyone here who believes that the RKBA protected by the Second Amendment is not an individual right, or in the alternative, if it is an individual right then it should be abolished because it is too dangerous to have today?  You got a point.  We need less government telling us what we can not do because its to dangerous.  You have changed my opinion.  Your awesome man.
It's not my opinion it's a statistic. and one i often see quoted, but how often is some one shot in there home when a gun is not there? the statistic dose not adress who brought the gun to the home, so an attackers gun counted the same as a home owners.
I vote no. The right to keep and bear arms has a real value and was included in our constitution for a reason. It is also one of the reasons japan and germany chose not to invade US states during the 2nd world war. They had no idea how many weapons we had or where.  EF
I believe all together there are over 4,000 different gun laws. However if someone is going to kill someone with a gun do you really think they care about any of these different gun laws? All gun laws do is make it harder for honest civilians to get a hold of guns. Do you really think the person who goes on a shooting spree got his gun legal when you can simply go to any major city and buy a gun from a gang or a dealer for 100$ or a little more. I mean come on! Think of it this way lets say you are a powerful leader in America and in the constitution it says the people have the RIGHT and duty to overthrow any corrupt government. Now do you see why the government tries to keep American scared not of our government but of terrorist or other things that frighten people like the DEADLY bird flu OH KNOWS!!!! Americans in general (no one can take offense to this) are stupid and scared and those are the easiest kind of people to control and if you take away guns from them they are nothing. Now let's say you have a large group of very educated, organized, well informed people how hard would it be to control or lead them when they maybe smarter than the government itself? Taking away guns or putting stricter laws on guns only proves me further, my main point is we as American have a duty to overthrow any corrupt government it's in our constitution it is our duty. However I understand how people are and I would assume there will always be greed and corruption in any goverment.
We can not let the government take away ANY of our rights.  Once they start doing that who knows where it would end.
[QUOTE=aussieseek.com]  So to all the posters here I ask the question. Why are you in favour of people with mental problems owning guns.?    [QUOTE] That is one heck of an assertion for a newbie. Why do you assume we are in favor of that? I do not see anyone saying that.  EF
 So to all the posters here I ask the question. Why are you in favour of people with mental problems owning guns.?   If they can't be trusted to own a gun, then IMO they shouldn't be trusted to be on the streets. What if they get ###### off and attack with their kitchen knives? What if they crash into someone with their car? Those are both legal and can deadly (the objects, not the actions). If we can't trust someone with a gun, they shouldn't be allowed on the streets, it's that simple. If you're just talking about normal people who haven't been officially classified as having a mental problem, we do have a policy of innocent until proven guilty here in the United States.
the point is if you're hell-bent on causing harm, you'll find a way to do it. From suicide bombings to guns to knives. The reason we ban felons from being armed (which I don't agree with, either they're still in jail or they are considered law-abiding citizens in my book. If they're still a threat to kill, why are they free in public?), is because then if we do see them with a gun, we have a reason to arrest them. No one doubts that banning guns would slightly lower the ammount of guns in the hands of criminals. But the problem is that then the criminals who are able to get their hands on guns don't have to worry about the citizens owning guns, which is why statistically the safest places are the places that allow gun ownership. Citizens are able to protect themselves and it serves as a threat to potential criminals. The higher rate of gun ownership by criminals is far outweighed by the threat of citizens owning guns. You constantly hear stories about how shop or home owners were able to thwart a roberry attempt with a gun. What if they didn't have a gun?
Consider strawman purchases some one doing a straw purchase is not a law abiding citizen.   the purchaser is not required to pass a background check so how can the seller be sure whether or not the buyer has a criminal history? your right there should be a was for a private transaction to go through the NICS.  In a moment of extreme stress, a previously law abiding citizen might commit an act of violence with his or her  car, baceball bat, golf club, knife. any of these work there too. most violant crime is commited with out any weapons.  what it comes down to is how many rights do we give up trying to feel safe?
Guns in the hands of criminals- But then why do we have state laws that ban convicted felons from possessing guns? What purpose do they serve if criminals will always find ways to bypass these laws?...If this is not true then again what is the purpose of laws that prohibit felons from owning firearms? Increased penalty for convicted felons found with a gun. Deterrent value that might only work 5% of the time, but it still has an effect.   Obviously, guns can be stolen from law abiding citizens and end up in criminal hands. So there is a real and potential danger here. Your kitchen knives could be stolen, and used to murder your neighbor. Does this mean we should confiscate your kitchen knives? Of course not. Why not just take precautions against having your guns stolen in the first place. I have had 7 guns in my home for the past 10 years, and not one has been stolen yet.   Furthermore, law abiding citizens can sell their guns to criminals in private transactions. In these transactions, the purchaser is not required to pass a background check so how can the seller be sure whether or not the buyer has a criminal history?  So ban guns? That is like curing the headache by cutting off the head. Why not make it a crime to sell a gun privately. Perhaps make it a legal requirement to go to a licensed firearms dealer who at no charge to the parties other than the cost of the background check run the potential buyer through the database. I would certainly be willing to do this. As a responsible gun owner, I would hate to think that the firearm I was going to sell to someone might be going to a felon, or someone likely to use it to commit a crime.   In a moment of extreme stress, a previously law abiding citizen might commit an act of violence with his or her firearm. Yes, everyone is a "potential" felon. Fortunately most people never commit a felony. And there are many different types of weapons, all which could be used by previously law abiding citizens to commit an act of violence.  And then there's the issue of practicality. It's not always possible to distinguish between law abiding citizens and criminals. A criminal might have a clean record because he or she has never been caught. Consider strawman purchases. A person with no record buys a firearm for a person with a record. The buyer is a criminal because he is engaging in an illegal act but has no record because he has never been caught.  In the US you are innocent until proven guilty.
Why not make it a crime to sell a gun privately.   Because that's the kind of thing Big Brother would do.  Firearms are property, and IMHO a restriction such as that is too much.
Because that's the kind of thing Big Brother would do.  Firearms are property, and IMHO a restriction such as that is too much. It makes sense to me that if I am required to go through a background check to get the gun in the first place, why should it be legal to sell it privately to someone who does not have to go through a background check? Put the liability on the seller as well as the buyer, that if you sell a gun privately without first getting a background check done by a licensed dealer, you are culpable in any crime committed with that gun. I agree that firearms are property, but so are cars...and we require a change in title to show legal transfer of ownership when we sell them. Firearms come with responsibility.
It makes sense to me that if I am required to go through a background check to get the gun in the first place, why should it be legal to sell it privately to someone who does not have to go through a background check? Put the liability on the seller as well as the buyer, that if you sell a gun privately without first getting a background check done by a licensed dealer, you are culpable in any crime committed with that gun. I agree that firearms are property, but so are cars...and we require a change in title to show legal transfer of ownership when we sell them. Firearms come with responsibility.  I can see the same for guns as cars, but if a person is out of jail (and not on probation) it is assumed they are innocent. They are safe to be let back on the streets. Why are we restricting their right to own a gun when they're out of jail? I don't understand it. If you are a convicted felon you are entitled to the same Constitutional rights as the rest of us, provided you have been freed from prison. If he/she is a threat to use a gun, we better get them away from knives. There are countless ways a person can cause harm. If a person can't be trusted to not try to cause harm, then they don't deserve to be out of jail. Plain and simple. If they are, they deserve the same rights as everyone.
But then why do we have state laws that ban convicted felons from possessing guns?  To allow the courts to punish offenders more harshly.  I think we recognize that gun control laws can reduce the number of criminals owning guns although not disarm every criminal. Would you rather face an armed or unarmed criminal? I think the answer is obvious and that a victim has a greater chance of surviving and escaping if their attacker is not armed.  To form a factual basis for your argument, you'd need to take a look at countries with wildly differing firearms laws, and cross reference the total homicide rate. Homicides comitted with firearms are misleading and entirely irrelevant. If the presence of firearms themselves increases the rate of homicide, then countries with more guns will have a higher percentage of the population being killed.  Take, for example, Scotland, where 4.7 percent of homes have guns, and there is a homicide rate of 2.24 (per 100,000).  Then we can cross reference this with Canada, where 29.1% of homes have guns, and the homicide rate is 2.16, or France, where 22.6% of homes have guns, and the homicide rate is 1.12.  When one has access to the right data, it becomes abundantly clear that simple volume and type of firearms is not a factor in preventing (or increasing) how many people are killed. The guns don't matter. Therefore, banning them in order to save lives has no basis in reality.
but so are cars...and we require a change in title to show legal transfer of ownership when we sell them.  only if you want to drive it on public streets. what people tend fo forget is that all the restrictions for cars are only in place when they are used on public streets. my 10 year old can drive my car on our land, legally.  where did you get your first firearm? if you are like a lot of us, your first one came from a parent. if you get rid of private transactions that would become much harder. i got my first gun at 16, dad gave me his old .22, i could not hav gotten it then if a backround check was required. i have my father-in-laws old .22, with i plan on passing on to his ward when he moves out of there house, once again it would be harder to do it private transactions were outlawed. better would be to make the NICS system open to other than FFl's  with all that being said when i sell any of my guns i do go to a dealer and have them do the transfer, i think it is $25 well spent for my pease of mind.
only if you want to drive it on public streets. what people tend fo forget is that all the restrictions for cars are only in place when they are used on public streets. my 10 year old can drive my car on our land, legally.  No, I am not talking about a license. I am talking about transfer of ownership. If you hold a title to something, you cannot sell it legally without transfer of the title to the new owner. The holder of the title is the owner.   with all that being said when i sell any of my guns i do go to a dealer and have them do the transfer, i think it is $25 well spent for my pease of mind. That is exactly what I am saying.
No, I am not talking about a license. I am talking about transfer of ownership. If you hold a title to something, you cannot sell it legally without transfer of the title to the new owner. The holder of the title is the owner.  the title is just for the purpost of redgstering the car, i have boought and sold cars with out the title being singed over to me. it was a headack at the DMV, but i got it redgestered. farm trucks (used to) not have to have a title to sell.
My two cents on the driving/firearm correlation is to note that you have no right to drive a car. Driving has always been deemed a privilege which the state permits you to enjoy subject to whatever license and restrictions it pleases to impose upon you. If you believe (as I do) that the 2nd. Amendment recognizes an individual RKBA, then firearm ownership, possession, and use is a right. This does not mean that the RKBA cannot be restricted, but identifying it as a right rather than a privilege requires the government to meet a far more restrictive standard to justify the particular restriction. If you believe that there is no individual RKBA, then you are prepared to accept that the states possess the authority to create as restrictive a licensing scheme as they wish, including a total ban on possession of firearms.   This is why the argument over whether the 2nd. Amendment recognizes an individual right is paramount. Gun owners argue for the individual RKBA interpretation in the hope that this would shelter their currently lawful possession of firearms. Gun control supporters wish the amendment to be read as supporting either no right or at best a "collective" state's right, because this would remove any constitutional barrier to whatever ban/restriction they propose.  On the question of why governments want to ban felons from possessing firearms, the following SCOTUS case addresses that issue. I don't necessarily agree with the argument (particularly the use of the "rationally related" test), but it does illustrate the justification that governments advance for why they want to prohibit felons from possessing firearms:  "The firearm regulatory scheme at issue here is consonant with the concept of equal protection embodied in the Due Process Clause of the Fifth Amendment if there is "some 'rational basis' for the statutory distinctions made . . . or . . . they 'have some relevance to the purpose for which the classification is made.'" Marshall v. United States, 414 U.S. 417, 422 (1974), quoting from McGinnis v. Royster, 410 U.S. 263, 270 (1973), and Baxstrom v. Herold, 383 U.S. 107, 111 (1966). See Vance v. Bradley, 440 U.S. 93, 97 (1979).8 [Page 66]  Section 1202 (a)(1) clearly meets that test. Congress, as its expressed purpose in enacting Title VII reveals, 18 U.S.C. App. § 1201, was concerned that the receipt and possession of a firearm by a felon constitutes a threat, among other things, to the continued and effective operation of the Government of the United States. The legislative history of the gun control laws discloses Congress' worry about the easy availability of firearms, especially to those persons who pose a threat to community peace. And Congress focused on the nexus between violent crime and the possession of a firearm by any person with a criminal record. 114 Cong. Rec. 13220 (1968) (remarks of Sen. Tydings); id., at 16298 (remarks of Rep. Pollock). Congress could rationally conclude that any felony conviction, even an allegedly invalid one, is a sufficient basis on which to prohibit the possession of a firearm. See, e.g., United States v. Ransom, 515 F.2d 885, 891-892 (CA5 1975), cert. denied, 424 U.S. 944 (1976). This Court has recognized repeatedly that a legislature constitutionally may prohibit a convicted felon from engaging in activities far more fundamental than the possession of a firearm. See Richardson v. Ramirez, 418 U.S. 24 (1974) (disenfranchisement); De Veau v. Braisted, 363 U.S. 144 (1960) (proscription against holding office in a waterfront labor organization); Hawker v. New York, 170 U.S. 189 (1898) (prohibition against the practice of medicine)."  Lewis v. United States, 445 U.S. 55, 65-66 (1980)
 .It's not always possible to distinguish between law abiding citizens and criminals.  Let's examine this simple doctrine to justify removing the right to bare arms then apply it to other rights:  1) It's not always possible to distinguish between law abiding citizens and criminals at the shopping mall. Therefore everyone gets searched at the exit. The only reason the police search you is they can not tell your not a criminal.  2) It's not always possible to distinguish between law abiding citizens and criminals behind closed doors at home. Therefore police can enter your home and search it for criminal activity. The only reason is they can not tell your not a criminal.  3) It's not always possible to distinguish between law abiding citizens and criminals. Therefore out of practicallity we don't need a court, we just put everyone in jail.  4) It's not always possible to distinguish between law abiding citizens and criminals. Therefore it is not possible to tell between who has stolen property and legal property, therfore the police confiscate property.  5) It's not always possible to distinguish between law abiding citizens and criminals. Therefore everone gets a speeding ticket when they drive.  You just broke a fundamental cornerstone of our democracy with that simple idea. It is THE INNOCENT ARE NEVER TO BE TOUCHED BY THE GOVERNMENT FOR ANY REASON. There is NEVER any reason to mess witht he rights of anyone who is a lawful citizen. Your excuse of 'practicality' is a lame excuse to trash the rights of Americans.
  Guns in the hands of law abiding citizens- Now that we've considered how armed criminals........  This is another 'streets will run red with blood' warning. I have seen this a million times before. Your mythology does not hold up to statics and lawful people who carry guns in the street. Lawful citizens who carry guns in the street are soooooo harmless that they don't even spit on the sidewalk. Thier crimes are soooooo rare that it is almost a fluke when they commit a crime.  Plus everything you mention that is illegal and criminal? It is ALREADY ILLEGAL. The laws are already in place to stop it and punish the activity. Things like illegal selling guns to criminals. Illegal. Stealing a gun. I think that is already illegal too. Pointing a firearm and pulling the trigger in anger. I think that is illegal too.  Hmmm? I think the laws are already there to stop this. Are you trying to say that we need more laws to make stealing guns, selling illegal guns, and shooting a person with a gun 'double illegal' and 'tripple illegal' to stop crime?  Someone who has no criminal record? EXCUSE ME? That person is NOT A CRIMINAL. The 4th and 5th Amendment is very clear on this. A person with no conviction in a court of law is due 100% all the rights of a free citizen. There is a very important reason for this. The rest of the world today and through history has imprisoned millions of innocent people. This important lesson is why the 4th and 5th Amendment was written and your just disposed them for 'practicality'.
Guns in the hands of criminals- You might argue that criminals will always find ways to obtain guns if guns are outlawed. But then why do we have state laws that ban convicted felons from possessing guns? What purpose do they serve if criminals will always find ways to bypass these laws? I think we recognize that gun control laws can reduce the number of criminals owning guns although not disarm every criminal. Would you rather face an armed or unarmed criminal? I think the answer is obvious and that a victim has a greater chance of surviving and escaping if their attacker is not armed. If this is not true then again what is the purpose of laws that prohibit felons from owning firearms?   Guns in the hands of law abiding citizens- Now that we've considered how armed criminals can endanger the public let's talk about whether or not guns in the hands of law abiding citizens are a danger to the public. Obviously, guns can be stolen from law abiding citizens and end up in criminal hands. So there is a real and potential danger here. Furthermore, law abiding citizens can sell their guns to criminals in private transactions. In these transactions, the purchaser is not required to pass a background check so how can the seller be sure whether or not the buyer has a criminal history? There is always a first time. In a moment of extreme stress, a previously law abiding citizen might commit an act of violence with his or her firearm. And then there's the issue of practicality. It's not always possible to distinguish between law abiding citizens and criminals. A criminal might have a clean record because he or she has never been caught. Consider strawman purchases. A person with no record buys a firearm for a person with a record. The buyer is a criminal because he is engaging in an illegal act but has no record because he has never been caught.   After reading some posts in this forum, I wasn't sure if the people here clearly understood the arguments against guns. So I thought it best to explain.If we allow felons back on the street, they have the right of self defense as anyone else does. It is immoral not to allow them the best means of defense: a gun.
What the hell is with the necro-posting?
"In 1993 a Swiss professor, Martin Killias, published a study of 18 countries concerning gun ownership, homicide and suicide. He in part concluded there was a weak correlation between total homicide and gun ownership. For a partial criticism of his study see Dunblane Misled where using the countries studied by Killias, these researchers found a much stronger correlation between firearm homicides and car ownership. More seriously, when the United States was included in the Killias study, a stronger correlation between total homicide and gun ownership was found. When two countries were excluded, the U.S. (high gun ownership, high murder rate) and Northern Ireland (low gun ownership, high murder rate) the correlation was marginally significant. Gary Kleck writes, "Contrary to his claim that 'the overall correlation is not contingent upon a few countries with extreme scores on the dependent and independent variable', reanalysis of the data reveals that if one excludes only the United States from the sample there is no significant association between gun ownership and the total homicide rate." (Kleck, Targeting Guns: Firearms and Their Control, p 253. Walter de Gruyter, Inc. New York, 1997.) Kleck concludes that "the homicide-guns study was not international at all, but merely reflected the unique status of the United States as a high-gun ownership/high-violence nation...Since the positive association Killias observed was entirely dependent on the U.S. case, where self-defense is a common reason for gun ownership, this supports the conclusion that the association was attributable to the impact of the homicide rates on gun levels."
What the hell is with the necro-posting?   You know how those anti-gunners are?they just kinda get stuck in that same old revolving door.Can't come up with anything new so they rehash.:xbanghead
You know how those anti-gunners are?they just kinda get stuck in that same old revolving door.Can't come up with anything new so they rehash.:xbanghead  A rehash would suggest taking something tried and failed, and introducing it again at a later date to try and make it look new again. This is simply opening old wounds for the purpose of inflicting pain on oneself.
A rehash would suggest taking something tried and failed, and introducing it again at a later date to try and make it look new again. This is simply opening old wounds for the purpose of inflicting pain on oneself.  Point taken,however since he likes inflicting said pain on himself what can you do?I think he likes it.emoticon_xhoho
I am talking about the age being 18 to own a gun not Kids as Young as 11, and 18 seems to be a realistc age for gun ownership and military service  the only legal way for some one under 18 to get a gun is from there mom or dad. no one at 11 can legaly buy any type of firearm.  in the US a 17 year old can join the survice, with parental consent  Its a set of Gun Death statisics You have in the the USA we dont have or need.  3 OR 4,000 young people a year isnt it? there are less than a thousand accadental discharge deaths in 2002 (last year that numbers are avabule) the CDC age groups do not lend them selves to supprating under 18 and over. there age groups are 15 - 25. there were 349 kids 14 and younger killed with guns (incluged both homicide and suicide) the 15 - 25 age groupe jumps into the thousands, but we need to remember that this age groupe includes most of the gang and other crime related murders. sorce, see page 32. http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nvsr/nvsr53/nvsr53_05.pdf  A Gun was involved in 18% of murders, 10% of murders  so is it better to be murdered by a knife than a gun?  final thought, you are advacating removing hundrides of millions of dollers of property from millions of legal gun owners, becouse of thousandes of scum bags.
Here in Australia we have sensible age limits on Gun Ownership What are those limits?  I am talking about the age being 18 to own a gun not Kids as Young as 11, and 18 seems to be a realistc age for gun ownership and military service  You can't buy a gun at 11. You can join the military at 17.  Your post sAYING ANY AGE Is more than the ######## you always go on about. Its evil. What?  You want to see the killing of our kids as well  Yes. It's part of this massive conspiracy. We're trying to thin out your population so we can take Australia for our own. emoticon_xgood   Your insulting remark about military service also shows your ingnorance about my country. Who are you addressing?  And At least we all vote here at an early age. What is this "early age" you speak of? In the US citizens can vote at 18.  In Australia Guns are sensibly restricted to younger age groups.  I'm going to assume you meant from.
We have all sorts of laws in the USA that limit access to guns. Youngsters can't lawfully buy handguns. The trouble is that people who intend to commit crimes with a gun have already decided that laws don't apply to them. If a young fellow plans to rob a store, or shoot a homey, he's not going to be thwarted in his quest for a gun by a law that says he can't have it.  Our problem with crime is that we are way too lenient with young, first-time offenders. We give them too many chances before we lock them up for a long time.  Most violent crime is committed by a very small percentage of the population. Lock up that small percentage --or as many of them as we can catch-- and crime rates would plummet.  It has nothing to do with guns, as such. They also use knives, baseball bats or just gang muscle. It's a PEOPLE problem.
Well I'm not advocating this but technically doesn't the Constitution dictate than anyone from birth should be able to own a gun? The second amendment guarantees the right of everyone to bear arms (actually prohibits ANY restrictions against keeping and bearing arms) and the 14th amendment defines a citizen to be anyone born or naturalized in the US.
This is not what the Supreme Court has ruled regarding the Second Amendment.  I understand that, and although I understand case law has become important, I ask where the Constitution gives them that power. They are to interpret the Constitution, not decide what they think it means. There are some vague places, like what constitutes a reasonable search and seizure. That's up to them to interpret. But the second amendment is VERY clear.  "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State" - dependant clause explaining why this action is necessary  "The right of the people" - assuming all citizens are people, a newborn baby is a person  "to keep and bear Arms" - this would include any gun  "shall not be infringed" - infringed means not even slightly regulated.  How much clearer can it get? Can someone else come up with an alternative meaning to this statement in plain English? I'd like to know, because so far all I've heard is that "They couldn't possibly have forseen today's weapons". And that is pure :xcensored because this is a principle here. If the weapons exist, the people have the right to keep and bear them. If we want to amend the Constitution, it's 2/3 of Congress plus 3/4 of the people. Honestly why don't we do that? I think we have enough people against kids owning guns to pass an amendment to the second amendment or else the 13th saying that kids don't have quite as many rights. But as of now, unless someone can explain to me my error in logic in interpreting an english phrase, prohibiting a kid from owning a weapon is unconstitutional (note schools can ban them as can any other place, but we can't ban them in public).
Everyone should be carrying a gun at all times by age 3. You never know when those molesters could come around.
It seems inconsistent to think that the Second Amendment has something to do with the right of an organized group, maybe even a group under the supervision of the state government, when all the other amendments are so clearly aimed at protecting the rights of individuals.  And let's not forget the Ninth Amendment. Interpretations of the Constitution that reduce rather than enhance the rights of individuals seem to me to be running in the opposite direction from freedom, and toward state interference in our lives.  I agree with the Declaration of Indepedence that we each and every one have a right to LIFE and to LIBERTY. It's a hollow declaration of rights if the state can arbitrarily deprive us of the instruments best suited for protecting life and liberty.
Well I'm not advocating this but technically doesn't the Constitution dictate than anyone from birth should be able to own a gun? The second amendment guarantees the right of everyone to bear arms (actually prohibits ANY restrictions against keeping and bearing arms) and the 14th amendment defines a citizen to be anyone born or naturalized in the US.  would that also mean that conspiracy to commit a crime is protected under the first amendment, along with verbal threats, and polygamy?  none of the amendments are unlimited, there are restrictions on them, that we all live with.
I am talking about the age being 18 to own a gun not Kids as Young as 11, and 18 seems to be a realistc age for gun ownership and military service  You can join the army and die for your country at 17.  "Does a gunbuyback Work? Do Bears #### in the Woods?  So you think the money spent on gun buybacks was better spent there than on say, more hospitals, medical equipment or doctors?  Aussie gun controls have made remarkable  reductions in gun deaths A Gun was involved in 18% of  murders, 10% of murders and 5% of robberies. These falling figures are  the lowest on record .  Good grief man, surely you must realise that rates of homicide, assault and armed robbery all increased after 1996, and are still increasing? Heck, the rate of armed robbery doubled in 1997! But yet, at least they weren't using guns, right? I mean, I know I'd much rather have my sister beaten to death with a rock, than shot.  emoticon_rolleyes  For your reference, 1996 was the year of the Port Arthur massacre, and the resultant tightening of firearms laws.  Frankly sir, you make me embarrased to be Australian, and I apologise on your behalf to everyone reading this thread.
It seems inconsistent to think that the rest of the Bill of Rights is devoid of explanatory phrases like that found in the Second Amendment but that the explanatory phrase means nothing...  "Militia," at the time the Second Amendment was written, referred to ordinary, individual citizens. The Constitution is the law. To read it as referring to some organized, government-controlled group, when it clearly did not mean that when it was written, is to turn the essential law of the land into silly putty that can mean almost anything.   If there's not a standard for interpreting law that uses the original definitions of the words in the document or statute, then the government can find a way to do to us whatever it wishes. It has already done so -- The McCain-Feingold attempt at restrictions on our First Amendment rights is an example. We are losing the fight the Founders fought to limit government's power to screw around with us.  People who would skew the meaning of the Second Amendment, pretending it did not mean what it manifestly did mean, rather than making an honest effort to repeal it, are contributing to the loss of freedom.   If individual citizens should not, in your view, be permitted to own firearms, them make your case and let the amendment process work to make your view the law of the land. You won't because you can't.   There is no large anti-gun movement. An effort to ban gun ownership, honestly and openly debated, would fail, and fail BIGTIME. The anti-gun side will never be able to seriously restrict private gun ownership except by doing a sneaky end-run around the constitutional process and stomping all over the will of the people.
"Militia," at the time the Second Amendment was written, referred to ordinary, individual citizens. The Constitution is the law. To read it as referring to some organized, government-controlled group, when it clearly did not mean that when it was written, is to turn the essential law of the land into silly putty that can mean almost anything.   why dont we refer to the federal law for our definition of the militia, "The militia of the United States consists of all able-bodied males at least 17 years of age and, except as provided in section 313 of title 32, under 45 years of age who are, or who have made a declaration of intention to become, citizens of the United States..." http://uscode.house.gov/download/pls/10C13.txt you decide if the antidiscrimation laws would apply for those over 45, and women.  You should read U.S. v. Miller. agreed, lets look at the only case law from the SCOTUS, "The signification attributed to the term Militia appears from the debates in the Convention, the history and legislation of Colonies and States, and the writings of approved commentators. These show plainly enough that the Militia comprised all males physically capable of acting in concert for the common defense. 'A body of citizens enrolled for military discipline.' And further, that ordinarily when called for service these men were expected to appear bearing arms supplied by themselves and of the kind in common use at the time."   they did find that "shotgun having a barrel of less than eighteen inches in length' at this time has some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia, we cannot say that the Second Amendment guarantees the right to keep and bear such an instrument" but that should not overshadow that, and i quote "the Militia comprised all males physically capable of acting in concert for the common defense".
Miller, and the militia preamble  one other point of intrist about the Miller case, no one went before the coourt to defend Miller, or the RTBA. to the decision was after hearing from only one side.   You mean you may have to turn in your weapons on your 45th birthday? i assume the antidiscrimation laws would apply, so that women and those over 45 can retain there rights, but it has not been fought in court, so it is a guess on my part.  nit in my state tho "The people shall have a right to bear arms, for the defense of themselves and the State", so i would retain them for that.
 You mean you may have to turn in your weapons on your 45th birthday?  Even were the thing about militias only being people up to 45, this wouldn't be true. It would allow for the states to make laws forcing you to turn in your wepons on your 45th birthday, but the second amendment grants rights, not restrictions.
... who needed arms in order to participate in the well-regulated militia.   To read "well-regulated militia" as everyday joes haphazardly thrown together would be better? Are you even listening to yourself?   You mean people like you? You should read U.S. v. Miller.   Done. See U.S. v. Miller. I also notice that you responded not to my passage above pertaining to the intent of the Congressmen who approved the amendment.   In the Miller case,the court said that Mr. Miller's shotgun had no military use, therefre no MILITIA use, and therefore it was not lawful for him to have it. The court had a fact wrong, of course. Shotguns have always been in the military inventory.  The point was not argued by Miller's attorneys, mainly because, I suppose, Mr.Miller had disappeared by then. But had they presented arguments that shotguns were military arms and that a citizen could and should have one for militia training and militia duty, the court's decision, based on the logic by which they finally decided the case, would have meant that Miller was okay with his shotgun.  edited to add:  When the 2nd Amendemnt was written, the militia was, indeed, "ordinary joes" who BROUGHT THEIR OWN PRIVATELY-OWNED FIREARMS to train, drill and organize as the militia.  In most places, they were required BY LAW to own, at their own expense, their own private guns, and sometimes swords or other edged weapons, which they were expected to have with them when they reported.
You're right that Miller had died, but it appears he was alive when the case was presented to SCOTUS. This is the timeline as I understand it:  On March 30, 1939, SCOTUS heard the oral arguments in the case. No one appeared to argue the case except the Government.  On April 6, 1939, Miller's body was found in a creek bed near Chelsea, Oklahoma. He had been shot 4 times with a .38 caliber weapon. Near his body was a .45 automatic from which three shots had been fired, which law enforcement presumed was done in self-defense.  On May 15, 1939, SCOTUS, unaware that Miller was dead, announced and published its decision on his case.  Interestingly, his co-defendant, Frank Layton, plead guilty to his indictment after SCOTUS decided the case, and he was placed on probation for five years which he successfully completed.  I found an excellent U.S. v. Miller website, which has full copies of the opinion, brief filed by the Government, all related petitions, etc. here:   http://www.rkba.org/research/miller/Miller.html.   I still think Miller is a gun rights opinion. In addition to what you can see in the opinion itself, if you look at the paragraph we have focused upon that begins "In the absence of..." you will see SCOTUS cite with approval to another case, Aymette v. State. If you look at the case and page SCOTUS cites you to, you will find that Tennessee court saying this about militia arms: "If the citizens have these arms in their hands, they are prepared in the best possible manner to repel any encroachments upon their rights. . . ." Aymette v. State, 2 Hump. (21 Tenn.) 154, 158 (1840). Case cited by Miller at p. 178. (A great cite for gun rights advocates, for this is yet another statement that the purpose for relying on a citizen militia was not to ensure the government would be safe from foreign invasion, but was intended to protect the citizens from the advent of a tyrant.)   But one fundamental problem with Miller is it does not clearly state what the scope of the Amendment is or how to prove a weapon is protected. It only makes reference to these things in the negative--a sort of "since you didn't prove this you can't prove the 2nd. Amendment protects you" decision. It also leaves several 2nd.Amendment questions unanswered. Is the right "fundamental" and deserving of the high standard of strict scrutiny of governmental attempts to infringe upon it? Should it allow the possession of current military hardware? If so, then would the RKBA be limited to these weapons, or would my old single-shot arcade .22 be protected? Should the 2nd. Amendment RKBA be incorporated through the 14th. Amendment to force the states to recognize it? For these reason I feel that Miller is a very poor opinion to use to underpin a coherent understanding of the nature and scope of the RKBA.   I've been away from this forum for several days. Had I read this post and a couple of others sent earlier, before I posted my message, I would not have needed to bother.  My take on gun rights is that if I have the right to life and liberty, then I have a right as a free human being to choose the instruments by which I will protect my life and my liberty. My choices, among others: Glock model 19 and an AR-15.
---  Listen, being a lawyer is only a license to pretend I know what I'm talking about.   :) Using the logic of the Miller case, I can get a Browning M2 and then hire you to defend me when the BATF hauls me away.
We always talk about the 2nd Amendment in relation to gun rights. Does anyone remember the tattered and neglected Ninth Amendment? I don't think it was ratified just to fill up space!
[QUOTE=aussieseek.com]Here in Australia we have sensible age limits on Gun Ownership  We don't have the problem the USA has with ever more youthful drug dealers and school shootings. But your country is not wanting to stop those. Are they?  I am talking about the age being 18 to own a gun not Kids as Young as 11, and 18 seems to be a realistc age for gun ownership and military service   Your post sAYING ANY AGE Is more than the ######## you always go on about. Its evil.  You want to see the killing of our kids as well   Your insulting remark about military service also shows your ingnorance about my country.  Many of our young people have fought and died in Wars and some of Your Wars with guns.   And At least we all vote here at an early age.  In Australia Guns are sensibly restricted to younger age groups.    Its a set of Gun Death statisics You have in the the USA we dont have or need.  3 OR 4,000 young people a year isnt it?emoticon_xkill         Dude! You were all over the place with that. WTF?! Who the hell are you even talking too? First off. If a 11 year old has a gun, his parents/grandparents gave it to him. Chances are, he hunts right along side his father. You'd be surprised that young kids who own guns and hunt with their fathers are remarkably responsible and safe with guns. Also, they have to take a hunter's ed class before they allowed to hunt and the safty of guns are taught there. The other youngsters you are referring to get them from their thug parents/buddies and could care less about anyone's saftey. Sure, there are accidental deaths when children find their parents guns and play with them. SHAME ON THE PARENTS for not teaching their children right about guns. There are also thousands of firearm accidents that involve idiot adults that have no respect for the weapon.  The key to gun saftey is education. Sure, kids are curious about guns, but if you take your kid out and show them what a gun can do ...that it can actually kill and teach them about it, they will be less inclined to play with it and have more respect for what it is....which is a deadly weapon and not a toy. Something to be taken seriously.
Here in Australia we have sensible age limits on Gun Ownership  We don't have the problem the USA has with ever more youthful drug dealers and school shootings. But your country is not wanting to stop those. Are they?  I am talking about the age being 18 to own a gun not Kids as Young as 11, and 18 seems to be a realistc age for gun ownership and military service   Your post sAYING ANY AGE Is more than the ######## you always go on about. Its evil.  You want to see the killing of our kids as well   Your insulting remark about military service also shows your ingnorance about my country.  Many of our young people have fought and died in Wars and some of Your Wars with guns.   And At least we all vote here at an early age.  In Australia Guns are sensibly restricted to younger age groups.    Its a set of Gun Death statisics You have in the the USA we dont have or need.  3 OR 4,000 young people a year isnt it?emoticon_xkill         ------------------------------------------ *:-.,_,.-:*'``'*:-.,_,.-:*'``'*:-.,  "Does a gunbuyback Work? Do Bears #### in the Woods?  Aussie gun controls have made remarkable  reductions in gun deaths A Gun was involved in 18% of  murders, 10% of murders and 5% of robberies. These falling figures are  the lowest on record .    *  Oh sorry officer............. I Didn't know the Gun was loaded    AAACK!!! IM ALLERGIC TO IGNORANCE!
A Sensible Age to own a Gun?  The golden age.  How bout the silver age?
The age to own a gun really depends. Some kids are ready for their first single shot .22LR at age 7. Others cant handle one even at 21. Ive known both types.
21  Thats the drinking age thats the shooting age.  Why do you think they call it ATF?  Ive been shooting since i was 10, and there were no near accidents. I have BB guns, but i dont have a real gun. My cousins 4 year old has better marksmanship than i. That doesnt mean i suck though, it means that the 4 year old is pretty good. Im not bad either.  There should really be no "shooting age", but there should be an age to purchase a gun. You should be 18 to purchase any gun, even a handgun. But, parents buy guns and give them to their children all the time. I think that should be completely up to the consent of the parent.  And the thread starter has a horrible understanding of America.  If you live out in the country, you usually hunt right alongside your father at a young age, and you usually have a .22 yourself. The school shooters steal their guns, i bet their parents dont consent to it.
In fact, i think theres a problem. I think there AREN'T enough young gunnies out there now days. They've all been brainwashed by the Brady campain's propoganda, and now they think guns are "bad".  Im glad some kids are still hanging on to the hobby of shooting and outdoor sports:  http://thehighroad.org/attachment.php?attachmentid=45640&d=1159659059   Heres the page with all the pics on it  Again, im sick of XXXX being fed to kids by adults about Guns being "bad". When used properly, guns are like any other tool laying around the house.
21  Thats the drinking age thats the shooting age.  Why do you think they call it ATF?  18  That's the smoking age thats the shooting age.  Why do you think they call it ATF?
18  That's the smoking age thats the shooting age.  Why do you think they call it ATF?  Shooting age? I know 7 year old shooters. 18 should be the gun purchasing age, but there is really no "shooting" age.
Thats the drinking age thats the shooting age. Why do you think they call it ATF? becouse they are taskled with enforcing the laws reguarding alcohol, tabacco, firearms, and explosives. so should we also not let people under 18 fly model rockets? the ATF regulates tham also, what about any type of fireworks?
Is there really such a thing as Gun control ?  Over here in Toronto, we have a gun registry and strict guidelines such as fool proof security checks before buying a gun but still gang members have guns and so do criminals.  Hardly a day goes by without some shooting in Toronto.  So, what is the difference ? Will enforcing stricter gun laws in the USA stop all the gun related violence by gangs and criminals ?  Nope, if someone wants a gun, they will get it by any means. There was an interesting discussion on guns , here is the link  http://americanism.ws/yabb/YaBB.pl
Is there really such a thing as Gun control ?  Over here in Toronto, we have a gun registry and strict guidelines such as fool proof security checks before buying a gun but still gang members have guns and so do criminals.  Hardly a day goes by without some shooting in Toronto.  So, what is the difference ? Will enforcing stricter gun laws in the USA stop all the gun related violence by gangs and criminals ?  Nope, if someone wants a gun, they will get it by any means. There was an interesting discussion on guns , here is the link  http://americanism.ws/yabb/YaBB.pl  Bingo.emoticon_xgood
Shooting age? I know 7 year old shooters. 18 should be the gun purchasing age, but there is really no "shooting" age.  I know. I was just pointing out that the logic used to propose a 21 year "shooting age" was inconsistent.
I know. I was just pointing out that the logic used to propose a 21 year "shooting age" was inconsistent.  I see. I dont think its really fair that you can join the army at 18 and use handguns and military weapons, but you cant purchase a handgun until 21.
There should be no restriction to own a gun or a rifle when theres a parent there to supervise and take liability  But without parents I say 16 for rifles and 18 for handguns
as i have been telling you for years, there are no unlimited rights, all i ask is that the second gets the same treatment as the first. i have never had to request permision from the FBI to buy any religious text.
Sorry, read the second amendment. First of all it grants no rights. It prohibits the government from infringing on these rights. There is a difference. Also it protects 2 rights. First of all it protects the right for states to keep a well regulated militia, and it also protects the right of the people to keep and bear arms. If the whole thing was talking about the same people, why does it use "militia" once and "people" another time? My interpretation is that this is protecting 2 distinct rights. One of the States and one of the people.
In my opinion, the militia clause of the second amendment is a preamble which does not limit the "right of the people." I would work to eliminate that preamble as Saul Cornell suggests, but to do so would first require me to accept what I see as the illogic of his flawed interpretation of the amendment.   I believe that the right of free speech and the RKBA should be treated the same insofar as constitutional legitimacy goes. That is, they should both be viewed as fundamental individual rights. And they should both be viewed as not-absolute, but subject to some limitation.   But this does not mean that the limitations placed on each right must be identical. These two rights protect very different things, and by necessity the limitations or lack thereof on each must relate to the different things they protect.   I don't believe we can universally apply the accepted limitations on the individual RKBA (like the ban on felons in possession) to the right of free speech any more than we can apply the laws regulating libel, slander, and false advertising to the RKBA.   Now since we are on the topic let me ask this question: If we pass a law which says that a felony conviction will prohibit someone from individually possessing privately held firearms, then do we not by implication recognize that he had a right to do so before becoming a convicted felon?  ---  "The great ideals of liberty and equality are preserved against the assaults of opportunism, the expediency of the passing hour, the erosion of small encroachments, the scorn and derision of those who have no patience with general principles, by enshrining them in constitutions, and  consecrating to the task of their protection a body of defenders." Justice Benjamin Cardozo, The Nature of the Judicial Process, Lecture II, 1921.  "The natural progress of things is for liberty to yield and government to gain ground."-Thomas Jefferson  "The saddest epitaph which can be carved in memory of a vanished liberty is that it was lost because its possessors failed to stretch forth a saving hand while yet there was time."-Justice George Sutherland
If the whole thing was talking about the same people, why does it use "militia" once and "people" another time? who is the militia? (hint read my sig line, the middle one)  Felons who have served their time have free speech so why not own firearms? they can threaten you life with our any repercussion, and yell FIRE in a crowded theater with out any type of punishment? can they proform human sacrifice if they follow the Aztec culture and religion?  or are there limits on what the first will allow inspite of the "shal make no laws aboridging the freedom of speech", and "make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof"?
But those restrictions you mention above apply to everybody not just felons. Laws against convicted felons owning guns apply only to felons.  sorry, i was showing examples of the limits of the first amendment, couse you were claming that rights were unlimited.  felons loose the right to vote, as an example of other rights that are lost by a conviction.
Well I think Cornell misses the point of preambles. Cornell appears to me to have started his research by first drawing a conclusion and then going off to wade through the available material in a search for things which might support his conclusion. It is a little like showing up at a very crowded cocktail party, and as soon as you come through the door standing up on your toes to look over the heads of all the guests there in search for your friends.   By looking over the crowd for his friends, I believe he ignores the fact that preambles were widely used in all of the constitutions of the time, and that in every case they were intended to introduce the right referenced by first stating a universally held truth or belief. There is not a single instance I can find where a preamble was designed to limit the right which follows it, and it is only where the RKBA is concerned that anyone, like Cornell, for example, even attempts to use the preamble as a noose to restrict the right.   There are many examples of the use of preambles Cornell ignores which I could cite, all of which pre-date the drafting of the 2nd. Amendment. Here is one from the Constitution of Massachusetts:  "The liberty of the press is essential to the security of freedom in a state: it ought not, therefore, to be restrained in this Commonwealth."   Here is another example, which comes from the constitution of my beloved Commonwealth of Virginia:  "That religion, or the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can be directed only by reason and conviction, not by force or violence; and therefore all men are equally entitled to the free exercise of religion, according to the dictates of conscience; and that it is the mutual duty of all to practice Christian forbearance, love, and charity towards each other."   In each of these we see that the right is introduced by first stating a universally held belief, and these preambles cannot be construed as somehow limiting the right they introduce.  I would challenge Cornell to find a single instance where a preamble can be shown as intended to modify or constrict the substantive right.  Cornell obviously would say the Second Amendment's preamble is one, but again I think he misses the point of that preamble. This is what he said of the preamble [in the article cited, which is in response to then AG Ashcroft's 2001 letter setting forth an individual RKBA interpretation of the 2nd. Amendment]:  "The Department of Justice has thus erased the preamble, which states the purpose of the amendment, to create a 'well regulated Militia.'" http://www.h-net.org/~hns/articles/2005/012305a.html.   If we assume Cornell is right, then the natural question is did the founders enshrine this purpose in the Constitution and then forget about it? Where is this militia the amendment was supposed to create? The answer is it does not exist, because that was not the purpose of the amendment. The militia system pre-existed the amendment, and was not modified in any way by the adoption of the amendment.  But another and more damning question Cornell fails to address is why the preamble states "of a free state"? He cannot answer this question, because if he is right-if the preamble is not merely stating a universal truth, but was instead designed to limit the RKBA to the creation of a militia-then the inclusion of the words "free state" becomes an exercise in writing mere wasteful surplussage.  Here again is the Second Amendment preamble:  "A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state."  In my opinion, this was not intended to create a militia which the founders then later decided to ignore in favor of a standing army. Rather, its intended effect was to enshrine within the Constitution the following truth:   "It has been asserted by the most respectable writers upon government, that a well-regulated militia, composed of the yeomanry of the country, have ever been considered as the bulwark of a free people. Tyrants have never placed any confidence on a militia composed of freemen." John DeWitt, The Anti-Federalist Papers, p. 75 (M. Borden ed. 1965)  This is why the preamble reads "free" state-that is, a state where citizens do not live in fear of a tyrant using a standing army to oppress them. And If you look, you will see where Madison got his inspiration for including this truth, because it had been expressed in some form or other within a preamble in every state constitution of the time. Here are some examples:  CONSTITUTION OF VIRGINIA (June 6, 1776)  "That a well-regulated militia, composed of the body of the people, trained to arms, is the proper, natural, and safe defense of a free state; that standing armies, in time of peace, should be avoided, as dangerous to liberty; and that in all cases the military should be under strict subordination to, and governed by, the civil power."  CONSTITUTION OF NEW HAMPSHIRE (June 2, 1784)  "A well-regulated militia is the proper, natural, and safe defense of a state.  Standing armies are dangerous to liberty, and ought not to be raised or kept up without the consent of the legislature."  CONSTITUTION OF MARYLAND (November 3, 1776)   "That a well-regulated militia is the proper and natural defense of a free government.  That standing armies are dangerous to liberty, and ought not to be raised or kept up, without consent of the legislature."  DELAWARE DECLARATION OF RIGHTS (September 11, 1776)   "That a well-regulated militia is the proper, natural and safe defense of a free government.  That standing armies are dangerous to liberty, and ought not to be raised or kept up without the consent of the legislature."  This, in my opinion, is where Madison found and copied his second amendment preamble belief. Therefore, I read the language "[a] well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free State" as never being intended by our founding fathers to limit the right of the people to keep and bear private arms. Rather, it is a simple preamble which states the universally held principle that "standing armies, in time of peace, should be avoided, as dangerous to liberty."  And (with Madison's blessing) this was exactly how the amendment was sold to the public for ratification:  "As civil rulers, not having their duty to the people duly before them, may attempt to tyrannize, and as the military forces which must be occasionally raised to defend our country, might pervert their power to the injury of their fellow citizens, the people are confirmed by the article in their right to keep and bear private arms." Tench Coxe, Remarks on the First Part of the Amendments to the Federal Constitution. Published under the pseudonym, "A Pennsylvanian" in the Philadelphia Federal Gazette, June 18, 1789 at 2 Col. 1.  Why, then was it included within the Second Amendment along with the RKBA? First, because it was an important enough statement to be included within the Constitution. Second, it naturally fits in this amendment because the individual RKBA which follows it was and is the counterweight to a government which abandons the truth expressed in the preamble-a government which relies too heavily upon a standing army only to have a tyrant seize control of it to use as a tool of oppression:  "Before a standing army can rule, the people must be disarmed; as they are in almost every kingdom of Europe. The supreme power in America cannot enforce unjust laws by the sword; because the whole body of the people are armed, and constitute a force superior to any bands of regular troops that can be, on any pretense, raised in the United States. A military force, at the command of Congress, can execute no laws, but such as the people perceive to be just and constitutional; for they will possess the power, and jealousy will instantly inspire the inclination, to resist the execution of a law which appears to them unjust and oppressive." Noah Webster, "An Examination into the Leading Principles of the Federal Constitution" (1787) in Pamphlets on the Constitution of the United States (P. Ford, 1888).  Therefore, I submit this is a far more logical interpretation of the militia preamble than Cornell's strained interpretation, and I believe it better tracks the following advice given by Thomas Jefferson:  "On every question of construction let us carry ourselves back to the time when the Constitution was adopted, recollect the spirit manifested in the debates, and instead of trying what meaning can be squeezed out of the text, or invented against it, conform to the probable one which was passed." Thomas Jefferson, The Complete Jefferson, p. 322 (1957) [Letter to William Johnson, June 12, 1823].
It protects the right of the people to keep and bear arms in connection with a well regulated militia and says this is necessary to the security of a free state. The word "right" is only used once in the amendment.   If we want to treat the Second Amendment the same as the First Amendment then should all laws prohibiting convicted felons from owning firearms be repealed? Felons who have served their time have free speech so why not own firearms?  The same reason you can't yell "fire!" in a crowded area.
Excellent post as usual, Bryan. To the point and you cover all the bases.  emoticon_xgood emoticon_xgood
Unless you say that criminals no longer have their constitutional rights even after their release. I do not say it, the courts have decided that felons loose some of there rights.
19th Century Supreme Court Justice Joseph Story explained- "The right of the citizens to keep and bear arms has justly been considered, as the palladium of the liberties of the republic; since it offers a strong moral check against the usurpations and arbitrary power of rulers; and will generally, even if these are successful in the first instance, enable the people to resist and triumph over them. And yet, though this truth would seem so clear, and the importance of a well regulated militia would seem so undeniable, it cannot be disguised, that among the American people there is a growing indifference to any system of militia discipline, and a strong disposition, from a sense of it burdens, to be rid of all regulations.  How it is practicable to keep the people duly armed without some organization, it is difficult to see. There is certainly no small danger, that indifference may lead to disgust, and disgust to contempt; and thus gradually undermine all the protection intended by the clause of our national bill of rights."  Joseph Story says that the desire "to be rid of all regulations" is a significant threat to the Right to Bear Arms. And we all know who opposes regulations.   Ahhhh?  I don't think you quite got this text down correctly. First The right to own a gun is IN the Bill of Rights???  Then 'regualtions' are the regulations regarding duty owed to serve in the milita and NOT all regulations. Plus the judge is very clear on this in the first part of the text which you seem to forgot. Guns are very necessary.
Now why would the Supreme Court conclude that a felon's possesion of a weapon does not have a reasonable relationship with a well regulated militia? here is anouther question for you to ponder, why would the Supreme Court hear a case about the second from an individual if it is a state right?
Sorry, read the second amendment. First of all it grants no rights. It prohibits the government from infringing on these rights. There is a difference. Also it protects 2 rights. First of all it protects the right for states to keep a well regulated militia, and it also protects the right of the people to keep and bear arms. If the whole thing was talking about the same people, why does it use "militia" once and "people" another time? My interpretation is that this is protecting 2 distinct rights. One of the States and one of the people.   Galileo is correct. It protects the rights of people to keep and bear arms because a well regulated militia is essential to the security of the state. One of the reasons we have never really suffered invasion in modern times is no one knows where all the guns are.  Diagram the sentence and you will see that there is one right that is protected.
I want to add my two cents on Lewis v. U.S. since it has been addressed in this thread. Although Lewis briefly addressed the 2nd Amendment in a footnote, it was not a 2nd Amendment case. It was a 5th/14th Amendment due process/equal protection case. Lewis had been convicted in Florida of a felony in 1961. At that trial, he was denied his right to counsel, and was therefore convicted in a trial that happened without the benefit of a lawyer to represent him. Two years after his conviction, SCOTUS decided the case of Gideon v. Wainwright, 372 U.S. 335 (1963), in which it held that state felony convictions like Lewis' violate the 6th. Amendment. When Lewis was later caught with a gun in Virginia and prosecuted federally as a felon in possession, the government used his old 1961 conviction to prove his disabled status as a felon. On appeal to SCOTUS, Lewis attempted to collaterally attack his old felony conviction. He claimed that using the un-counseled felony conviction against him violated his 5th/14th Amendment due process/equal protection right. SCOTUS deals with all claims involving equal protection/due process by using the "rational relation" test to see if the statute was unconstitutional, and you will see that test used here. Here is the full text of part IV of the Lewis opinion, in which SCOTUS makes a passing reference to the 2nd Amendment in footnote 8:   LEWIS v. U.S., 445 U.S. 55, 65-68 (1980)   "The firearm regulatory scheme at issue here is consonant with the concept of equal protection embodied in the Due Process Clause of the Fifth Amendment if there is "some 'rational basis' for the statutory distinctions made . . . or . . . they 'have some relevance to the purpose for which the classification is made.'" Marshall v. United States, 414 U.S. 417, 422 (1974), quoting from McGinnis v. Royster, 410 U.S. 263, 270 (1973), and Baxstrom v. Herold, 383 U.S. 107, 111 (1966). See Vance v. Bradley, 440 U.S. 93, 97 (1979). [FOOTNOTE 8, SEE BELOW] [Page 66]  Section 1202 (a)(1) clearly meets that test. Congress, as its expressed purpose in enacting Title VII reveals, 18 U.S.C. App. § 1201, was concerned that the receipt and possession of a firearm by a felon constitutes a threat, among other things, to the continued and effective operation of the Government of the United States. The legislative history of the gun control laws discloses Congress' worry about the easy availability of firearms, especially to those persons who pose a threat to community peace. And Congress focused on the nexus between violent crime and the possession of a firearm by any person with a criminal record. 114 Cong. Rec. 13220 (1968) (remarks of Sen. Tydings); id., at 16298 (remarks of Rep. Pollock). Congress could rationally conclude that any felony conviction, even an allegedly invalid one, is a sufficient basis on which to prohibit the possession of a firearm. See, e.g., United States v. Ransom, 515 F.2d 885, 891-892 (CA5 1975), cert. denied, 424 U.S. 944 (1976). This Court has recognized repeatedly that a legislature constitutionally may prohibit a convicted felon from engaging in activities far more fundamental than the possession of a firearm. See Richardson v. Ramirez, 418 U.S. 24 (1974) (disenfranchisement); De Veau v. Braisted, 363 U.S. 144 (1960) (proscription against holding office in a waterfront labor organization); Hawker v. New York, 170 U.S. 189 (1898) (prohibition against the practice of medicine).  We recognize, of course, that under the Sixth Amendment an uncounseled felony conviction cannot be used for certain purposes. See Burgett, Tucker, and Loper, all supra. The Court, however, has never suggested that an uncounseled conviction [Page 67] is invalid for all purposes. See Scott v. Illinois, 440 U.S. 367 (1979); Loper v. Beto, 405 U.S., at 482. n. 11 (plurality opinion).  Use of an uncounseled felony conviction as the basis for imposing a civil firearms disability, enforceable by a criminal sanction, is not inconsistent with Burgett, Tucker, and Loper. In each of those cases, this Court found that the subsequent conviction of sentence violated the Sixth Amendment because it depended upon the reliability of a past uncounseled conviction. The federal gun laws, however, focus not on reliability, but on the mere fact of conviction, or even indictment, in order to keep firearms away from potentially dangerous persons. Congress' judgment that a convicted felon. even one whose conviction was allegedly uncounseled, is among the class of persons who should be disabled from dealing in or possessing firearms because of potential dangerousness is rational.9 Enforcement of that essentially civil disability through a criminal sanction does not "support guilt or enhance punishment." see Burgett, 389 U.S., at 115, on the basis of a conviction that is unreliable when one considers Congress' broad purpose. Moreover, unlike the situation in Burgett, the sanction imposed by § 1202 (a)(1) attaches immediately upon the defendant's first conviction.  Again, it is important to note that a convicted felon may challenge the validity of a prior conviction. or otherwise remove his disability, before obtaining a firearm. We simply hold today that the firearms prosecution does not open the predicate conviction to a new form of collateral attack. See Note, Prior Convictions and the Gun Control Act of 1968. [Page 68] 76 Colum. L. Rev. 326, 338-339 (1976). Cf. Walker v. City of Birmingham, 388 U.S. 307 (1967)."  [FOOTNOTE 8] "These legislative restrictions on the use of firearms are neither based upon constitutionally suspect criteria, nor do they trench upon any constitutionally protected liberties. See United States v. Miller, 307 U.S. 174, 178 (1939) (the Second Amendment guarantees no right to keep and bear a firearm that does not have "some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia"); United States v. Three Winchester 30-30 Caliber Lever Action Carbines, 504 F.2d 1288, 1290, n. 5 (CA7 1974); United States v. Johnson, 497 F.2d 548 (CA4 1974); Cody v. United States, 460 F.2d 34 (CA8), cert. denied, 409 U.S. 1010 (1972) (the latter three cases holding, respectively, that § 1202 (a)(1), § 922 (g), and § 922 (a)(6) do not violate the Second Amendment)."  The interesting thing about this case is SCOTUS assumed Lewis had standing to raise a 2nd. Amendment claim. Before you can ever challenge a statute on the grounds that it violates a constitutional right, you must first show that you had standing to claim protection from the right-that is, you must first show that you are a person or entity whom the right applies to. For example, if the 2nd. Amendment RKBA was a right only of the states to arm their militias, then only a state could come before SCOTUS and complain that it was denied the right.   Now George Calvin Lewis, Jr. is obviously not a state. He never claimed to be a member of any state militia, and he never claimed that the firearm he possessed was kept for any purpose other than an individual one. If SCOTUS was prepared to adopt the collective right view of the 2nd. Amendment, then it would have dismissed Lewis' claim to 2nd Amendment protection out of hand for lack of standing. It would have said that since the right does not apply to individual citizens he could not complain that he was being denied the right. In short, you can't claim to be protected by a right you never had to begin with.  For 2nd. Amendment analysis purposes, what SCOTUS did in Lewis was assume that an individual citizen who possesses a firearm for an individual purpose can claim the protection of a 2nd Amendment individual RKBA-and then it ruled that a ban on felons possessing firearms is a restriction which does not unconstitutionally infringe upon that individual right. I think it is easy to justify how a felon in possession ban can be reconciled with an individual RKBA, but SCOTUS' limited treatment of the subject does not explain its justification for this. Instead of giving the subject the treatment it deserved, SCOTUS merely regurgitated the flawed analysis in Miller (which was NOT a felon in possession case) without explaining how the holding in Miller applies to the facts in this case.  ---  "The issue, however, is not whether court rules are "mutable"; they assuredly are. It is not whether, in the light of "various circumstances," they can be "modifi[ed]"; they assuredly can. The issue is whether, as mutated and modified, they must make sense. The requirement that they do so is the only thing that prevents this Court from being some sort of nine-headed Caesar, giving thumbs-up or thumbs-down to whatever outcome, case by case, suits or offends its collective fancy." Dickerson v. U.S., 530 U.S. 428, 455 (2000) [J. Scalia and Thomas, dissenting opinion]
"A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."  Well shoot, if they had intended for only militia members to bear arms, why not simply state so, or else make no mention at all of "the people"? The framers had a strong distrust for standing armies. A militia is merely a sitting army, if you will. "The people" provide the arms to that militia. That militia, without an armed populace is just another armed tyrrany which the framers so vigorously opposed.   The first part indicates the importance of the militia, the second part illustrates that the people may be part of that well regulated body or not without infringement of their right to keep and bear arms.   The preamble of the constitution reads "we the people, in order to....." Does anyone subscribe to the belief that "the people" referred literally to those signatories, or did the phrase have larger meaning.   By the way, former felons do not own firearms. Those firearms are all registered in the name of their spouses...or not at all.... Makes you feel all warm just knowing that...
"A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."  Well shoot, if they had intended for only militia members to bear arms, why not simply state so, or else make no mention at all of "the people"? The framers had a strong distrust for standing armies. A militia is merely a sitting army, if you will. "The people" provide the arms to that militia. That militia, without an armed populace is just another armed tyrrany which the framers so vigorously opposed.   The first part indicates the importance of the militia, the second part illustrates that the people may be part of that well regulated body or not without infringement of their right to keep and bear arms.   The preamble of the constitution reads "we the people, in order to....." Does anyone subscribe to the belief that "the people" referred literally to those signatories, or did the phrase have larger meaning.   By the way, former felons do not own firearms. Those firearms are all registered in the name of their spouses...or not at all.... Makes you feel all warm just knowing that...  You are correct. The right belongs to the people not to a militia. The reason for it was and is because there is a need for the populace to be well armed.  As far as felons owning firearms, that is mostly correct. They do not LEGALLY own firearms. However, if they continue their criminal activities they are not above obtaining such things illegally.  Huck
Well, to look at it from another angle, the phrase "the right of the people" is used in more than one amendment.  The 1st. Amendment says: "Congress shall make no law...abridging...the right of the people peaceably to assemble."  The 2nd. Amendment reads: "The right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed."  The 4th Amendment reads: "The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated...."  The collective/state right interpretation of RKBA would agree the phrase "the right of the people" recognizes and protects an individual right in the 1st Amendment, but would transform that language into a right of the states in the 2nd Amendment, only to reconvert the language into recognizing an individual right in the 4th Amendment.   I have friends who believe in the collective right interpretation, and when I press them with this analysis they shrug and say the militia preamble acts as the magical agent of this Orwellian transformation. Yet none of them can explain why or how the militia preamble warps this phrase, other than they just want it to be that way. I have never heard any collective right view supporter logically explain why the same wording must be read to say very different things. In fact, my friends just pretend to ignore the analysis, which only encourages me to irritate them further by repeating it.   Is there anyone out there who can explain why I should accept the collective right double-think translation of the phrase "the right of the people"?
I have friends who believe in the collective right interpretation, and when I press them with this analysis they shrug and say the militia preamble acts as the magical agent of this Orwellian transformation.  have you shown them who the CFR defines as militia?
Yes I have. They tend to ignore this as well.  For those who are interested, this is the federal code section we are talking about (title 10 of the United States Code, section 311):  10 U.S.C. § 311 - Militia: composition and classes  (a) The militia of the United States consists of all able-bodied males at least 17 years of age and, except as provided in section 313 of title 32, under 45 years of age who are, or who have made a declaration of intention to become, citizens of the United States and of female citizens of the United States who are members of the National Guard.  (b) The classes of the militia are -  (1) the organized militia, which consists of the National Guard and the Naval Militia; and  (2) the unorganized militia, which consists of the members of the militia who are not members of the National Guard or the Naval Militia.  There are two collective right RKBA theories out there. The first is a state's right only theory. The other is a hybrid state's right position which views the RKBA as a right of the individual militia member to keep and bear the arms provided by the states while participating in the state-sponsored militia. I have had one person who favors the hybrid militia member view look at this statute and suggest that women cannot have a RKBA, and that Congress could pass a law to prohibit me from having any firearm, whether a militia member or not, once I turn 45.  ---  "And I cannot see, why arms should be denied to any man who is not a slave, since they are the only true badges of liberty. . . .The possession of arms is the distinction between a freeman and a slave. He who has nothing, and belongs to another, must be defended by him, and needs no arms: but he who thinks he is his own master, and has anything he may call his own, ought to have arms to defend himself and what he possesses, or else he lives precariously and at discretion. And though for a while those who have the sword in their power abstain from doing him injury; yet, by degrees, he will be awed into submission to every arbitrary command. Our ancestors, by being always armed, and frequently in action, defended themselves against the Romans, Danes, and English; and maintained their liberty against encroachments of their own princes." Andrew Fletcher, Political Works, pp. 35 and 221 (1749).  "Whenever, therefore, the profession of arms becomes a distinct order in the state. . .the end of the social compact is defeated. . . .No free government was ever founded, or ever preserved its liberty, without uniting the characters of the citizen and soldier in those destined for defense of the state. . . .Such a well regulated militia, composed of freeholders, citizens and husbandman, who take up arms to preserve their property, as individuals, and their rights as freemen". M. T. Cicero (a pseudonym), Charleston State Gazette, September 8, 1788.  "A militia, when properly formed, are in fact the people themselves, and render regular troops in a great measure unnecessary. . . .the constitution ought to secure a genuine and guard against a select militia. . .and include. . .all men capable of bearing arms. . . . But, say gentlemen, the general militia are for the most part employed at home in their private concerns, cannot well be called out, or be depended upon; that we must have a select militia. . . .[of the select militia] These Corps, not much unlike regular troops, well ever produce an inattention to the general militia. . .whereas, to preserve liberty, it is essential that the whole body of the people always possess arms, and be taught alike, especially when young, how to use them. . . .The mind that aims at a select militia, must be influenced by a truly anti-republican principle; and when we see many men disposed to practice upon it, whenever they can prevail, no wonder true republicans are for carefully guarding against it." Richard Henry Lee, Additional Letters from the Federal Farmer, p. 169-170
Yes I have. They tend to ignore this as well.  For those who are interested, this is the federal code section we are talking about (title 10 of the United States Code, section 311):  10 U.S.C. § 311 - Militia: composition and classes  (a) The militia of the United States consists of all able-bodied males at least 17 years of age and, except as provided in section 313 of title 32, under 45 years of age who are, or who have made a declaration of intention to become, citizens of the United States and of female citizens of the United States who are members of the National Guard.  (b) The classes of the militia are -  (1) the organized militia, which consists of the National Guard and the Naval Militia; and  (2) the unorganized militia, which consists of the members of the militia who are not members of the National Guard or the Naval Militia.  There are two collective right RKBA theories out there. The first is a state's right only theory. The other is a hybrid state's right position which views the RKBA as a right of the individual militia member to keep and bear the arms provided by the states while participating in the state-sponsored militia. I have had one person who favors the hybrid militia member view look at this statute and suggest that women cannot have a RKBA, and that Congress could pass a law to prohibit me from having any firearm, whether a militia member or not, once I turn 45.  ---  "And I cannot see, why arms should be denied to any man who is not a slave, since they are the only true badges of liberty. . . .The possession of arms is the distinction between a freeman and a slave. He who has nothing, and belongs to another, must be defended by him, and needs no arms: but he who thinks he is his own master, and has anything he may call his own, ought to have arms to defend himself and what he possesses, or else he lives precariously and at discretion. And though for a while those who have the sword in their power abstain from doing him injury; yet, by degrees, he will be awed into submission to every arbitrary command. Our ancestors, by being always armed, and frequently in action, defended themselves against the Romans, Danes, and English; and maintained their liberty against encroachments of their own princes." Andrew Fletcher, Political Works, pp. 35 and 221 (1749).  "Whenever, therefore, the profession of arms becomes a distinct order in the state. . .the end of the social compact is defeated. . . .No free government was ever founded, or ever preserved its liberty, without uniting the characters of the citizen and soldier in those destined for defense of the state. . . .Such a well regulated militia, composed of freeholders, citizens and husbandman, who take up arms to preserve their property, as individuals, and their rights as freemen". M. T. Cicero (a pseudonym), Charleston State Gazette, September 8, 1788.  "A militia, when properly formed, are in fact the people themselves, and render regular troops in a great measure unnecessary. . . .the constitution ought to secure a genuine and guard against a select militia. . .and include. . .all men capable of bearing arms. . . . But, say gentlemen, the general militia are for the most part employed at home in their private concerns, cannot well be called out, or be depended upon; that we must have a select militia. . . .[of the select militia] These Corps, not much unlike regular troops, well ever produce an inattention to the general militia. . .whereas, to preserve liberty, it is essential that the whole body of the people always possess arms, and be taught alike, especially when young, how to use them. . . .The mind that aims at a select militia, must be influenced by a truly anti-republican principle; and when we see many men disposed to practice upon it, whenever they can prevail, no wonder true republicans are for carefully guarding against it." Richard Henry Lee, Additional Letters from the Federal Farmer, p. 169-170  This is very good. I was not aware of this definition. It seems that every adult male above 17 that are citizens fit the definition.   "Vely Intelesting!"
19th Century Supreme Court Justice Joseph Story explained- "The right of the citizens to keep and bear arms has justly been considered, as the palladium of the liberties of the republic; since it offers a strong moral check against the usurpations and arbitrary power of rulers; and will generally, even if these are successful in the first instance, enable the people to resist and triumph over them. And yet, though this truth would seem so clear, and the importance of a well regulated militia would seem so undeniable, it cannot be disguised, that among the American people there is a growing indifference to any system of militia discipline, and a strong disposition, from a sense of it burdens, to be rid of all regulations.  How it is practicable to keep the people duly armed without some organization, it is difficult to see. There is certainly no small danger, that indifference may lead to disgust, and disgust to contempt; and thus gradually undermine all the protection intended by the clause of our national bill of rights."  Joseph Story says that the desire "to be rid of all regulations" is a significant threat to the Right to Bear Arms. And we all know who opposes regulations.  "As long as there have been guns in America there have been regulations governing their use and storage. Without government direction there would have been no body of Minutemen to muster on the town greens at Lexington and Concord. If the Founders had imbibed the strong gun rights ideology that drives today's gun debate we would all be drinking tea and singing, 'God save our gracious Queen.' Ironically, the Second Amendment does not prohibit robust gun regulation, it compels it."  www.hnn.us/articles/24828.html  That's because that in order to create an effective fighting force you need regulation. How effective would the US Army be as a fighting force if there were no regulations and every soldier did his own thing? Hamilton, in Federalist 29, recognized the importance of "uniformity in the organization and discipline of the militia" and said that "This desirable uniformity can only be accomplished by confiding the regulation of the militia to the direction of the national authority." http://www.foundingfathers.info/federalistpapers/fed29.htm   The word "regulated" in the second amendment refers to trained and made regular -meaning uniform. But it sure as hell can not plausibly mean "disarmed" -as in the government has the power to regulate, therefor they can ban the possession of arms by law abiding individuals.  If you want to argue that the government has the power to demand that we purchase at our own expense mitlitary weapons and always keep them at the ready, and that we render military service in person, then I would agree with you. Story was concerned that the people were indifferent to this sort of regulation, but he was not using "regulation" in the sense that the government could prohibit the people from owning weapons.      Story's Commentaries (continued from where you left off):  §1891. A similar provision in favour of protestants (for to them it is  confined) is to be found in the [English] bill of rights ofll of rights of  1688, it being declared, "that the subjects, which are protestants, may have  arms for their defence suitable to their condition, and as allowed by law."  [FN3] But under various pretences the effect of this provision has been  greatly narrowed; and it is at present in England more nominal than real, as  a defensive privilege."   Footnotes:  1 Tucker's Black. Comm. App.300; Rawle on Const. ch.10, p.125; 2 Lloyd's Debates, 219,220. It would be well for Americans to reflect upon the passage in Tacitus,  (Hist.IV ch.74): "Nam neque quies sine armis, neque arma sine stipendis,  neque stipendia tributis, haberi queunt." Is there any escape from a large  standing army, but in a well disciplined militia? There is much wholesome  instruction on this subject in 1. Black.Comm. ch.13, p.408 to 417. 5 Cobbett's Parl. Hist. p.110; 1 Black.Comm. 143, 144.
[QUOTE=hansberrym;250695]The word "regulated" in the second amendment refers to trained and made regular -meaning uniform. But it sure as hell can not plausibly mean "disarmed" -as in the government has the power to regulate, therefor they can ban the possession of arms by law abiding individuals.  If you want to argue that the government has the power to demand that we purchase at our own expense mitlitary weapons and always keep them at the ready, and that we render military service in person, then I would agree with you. Story was concerned that the people were indifferent to this sort of regulation, but he was not using "regulation" in the sense that the government could prohibit the people from owning weapons.    Yes, it means the kind of regulations that would be necessary to create an effective militia, not necessarily those aimed at protecting public safety. And it is because groups like the NRA don't advocate such legislation that Cornell says that neither side is interested in protecting or returning to the original right to bear arms.  The right to own and bear with intent to simply be a reserve unit for a government is absurd. The intent was to protect the republic from foreign and domestic enemies. Republic being the people, not the government.
I've read different explanations about the relationship between the justification and operative clauses of the Second Amendment. I think Michael Dorf really hits the nail on the head when he states- "The real disagreement between Volokh, on the one hand, and Williams and myself, on the other hand, has nothing to do with the general function of clause preambles; instead, we disagree over whether the operative clause standing alone is ambiguous. In my view, protecting a 'right of the people to keep and bear Arms' is a sufficiently odd way of protecting an individual right to possess firearms for rebellion, self-defense, or hunting as to provoke further inquiry.  "As I note in the next Part, at the time of the founding, the phrase 'bear arms' was most commonly used in a military setting,[58] and even today it carries a military connotation. This is not to say that people do not use the phrase to refer to individual firearm possession they do. However, many of the people who use the term that way do so for a distinctly political purpose: they aim to associate the language of the Second Amendment with private firearms possession for rebellion, self-defense, or hunting. For example, the home page of the NRA touts all that the organization does for 'your Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms.'[59] The political import of this use of the Second Amendment's language is difficult to miss. By repeatedly associating the Second Amendment's language with its own political aims, the organization increases the likelihood that, over time, the language will simply come to be synonymous with those aims." http://www.saf.org/LawReviews/DorfChicago.htm  And for that reason the preamble may not have to act as a limit since bearing arms is already a military activity.  There is actually an opinion by a current SCOTUS justice on what the term "bear" means in relation to the 2nd. Amendment. It is, to my knowledge, the only time anyone from SCOTUS has addressed the meaning of the word "bear" in the context of the amendment. It comes in a dissent written by Justice Ginsberg, which was joined by Rhenquist, Scalia, and Souter. The issue in the case was determining what "carries" meant in a federal statute which enhanced the punishment for drug offenders who "carry" firearms. The gun in this case was "carried" in a car. The dissent looked at the word "carries" and then on its own turned to the word "bear" in the 2nd. Amendment:  "Unlike the Court, I do not think dictionaries,2 surveys of press reports,3 or the Bible4 tell us, dispositively, what "carries" [Page 143] means embedded in § 924(c)(1). On definitions, "carry" in legal formulations could mean, inter alia, transport, possess, have in stock, prolong (carry over), be infectious, or wear or bear on one's person.5 At issue here is not "carries" at large but "carries a firearm." The Court's computer search of newspapers is revealing in this light. Carrying guns in a car showed up as the meaning "perhaps more than one-third" of the time. Ante, at 129. One is left to wonder what meaning showed up some two-thirds of the time. Surely a most familiar meaning is, as the Constitution's Second Amendment ("keep and bear Arms") (emphasis added) and Black's Law Dictionary, at 214, indicate: "wear, bear, or carry . . . upon the person or in the clothing or in a pocket, for the purpose . . . of being armed and ready for offensive or defensive action in a case of conflict with another person.""  Muscarello v. United States, 524 U.S. 125, 142-143 (1998) (Ginsberg, dissenting) [bold emphasis added by me]
I do not want to get hung up on the militia angle. When I posted the federal militia code section earlier in this thread I was not suggesting that the RKBA should be tied to any militia duty or participation. I still believe that the militia clause of the 2nd. Amendment is a preamble which does not affect the right clause which follows it.   http://www.4forums.com/political/showthread.php?p=182362#post182362  SCOTUS has never tied the RKBA to membership or participation in a militia. In all of its cases since Miller, not one single person has claimed to be a member of a militia, and yet the Court heard the infringement claim anyway. If SCOTUS were to believe that the right only pertains to militia members, then all of these 2nd. Amendment right claims would have been dismissed out of hand for lack of standing. SCOTUS would have told these appellants that since the right does not apply to individual citizens you cannot complain that you have been denied the right. In short, you can't claim to be protected by a right you never had to begin with. And to my knowledge, U.S. v. Emmerson was the only cases in which the government sought to overreach and claim that only militia members have a RKBA. The government's argument was rejected by the 5th. Circuit, and shortly thereafter the Bush Administration permitted Ashcroft to reverse that policy argument.  U.S. v. Miller was no different in refusing to tie the RKBA to militia service. Jack Miller was a bootlegger who got caught with a sawed off shotgun. He never claimed that he was a member of a militia, or that he was performing a militia function when he got caught. But SCOTUS did not dismiss his 2nd. Amendment infringement claim for lack of standing as a militia member. Instead, it assumed that he had an individual right to keep and bear a firearm for his individual purposes. After accepting the individual right existed, SCOTUS then announced the right was limited to weapons which can be shown to have a legitimate militia function. In doing so, it punished Miller in a very ex post facto manner. At Miller's trial he did not put forth any facts to suggest that his sawed-off shotgun could contribute to the common defense. He had no reason to do so, because although he had a very sympathetic judge who was looking for a way to use the 2nd. Amendment he could not look into the future to see that SCOTUS would declare this to be the standard on appeal. Now typically when SCOTUS announces new standards it will remand the case back to the trial court for a new "do over" hearing in which everyone now knows what must be proved. (Atkins v. Virginia is an excellent example of how this works). But in Miller SCOTUS essentially said "sorry buddy, you didn't prove the standard and it's your fault for not having guessed what it would be on appeal."  Having said all this, though, U.S. v. Miller is still an individual right opinion. It literally stands for the position that as an individual citizen who is not enrolled in any militia, I have a 2nd. Amendment right to keep and bear any weapon which is "part of the ordinary military equipment." Under Miller, I have a legitimate claim to a right to keep and bear any weapon currently used by our armed forces. Additionally, if my weapon is not one that is "part of the ordinary military equipment" then I still have an individual right to keep and bear it if I can prove that its use "could contribute to the common defense." That is the flawed logic of Miller in a nutshell, and every SCOTUS case which has cited it since has merely regurgitated the final holding in the case without bothering to explain why it applies to the case currently before it.
There is actually an opinion by a current SCOTUS justice on what the term "bear" means in relation to the 2nd. Amendment. It is, to my knowledge, the only time anyone from SCOTUS has addressed the meaning of the word "bear" in the context of the amendment.   In the Miller holding, the Supreme Court's usage of the terms completely undermines the Sophisticated Collective Rights argument. It is clear that Keep and bear arms refers to possession and use of certain instruments -not the maintenance of a state militia (as in Silveira)  In the absence of any evidence tending to show that possession or use of a 'shotgun having a barrel of less than eighteen inches in length' at this time has some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia, we cannot say that the Second Amendment guarantees the right to keep and bear such an instrument. Certainly it is not within judicial notice that this weapon is any part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense.  Also the court said:   "ordinarily when called for service these men were expected to appear bearing arms supplied by themselves and of the kind in common use at the time" (my emphasis in boldface)   While the second usage in which bearing arms is synonmous with carrying weapons might be dismissed as dicta, the first usage is from the actual holding.    I take it that you were referring to the current SCOTUS, but I thought I would toss this in anyway.
Yes, it means the kind of regulations that would be necessary to create an effective militia, not necessarily those aimed at protecting public safety. And it is because groups like the NRA don't advocate such legislation that Cornell says that neither side is interested in protecting or returning to the original right to bear arms.    http://www.nraila.org/issues/factsheets/read.aspx?id=104  In addition to marksmanship, the NRA teaches firearm safety. That has been its mission from the start, and this at least forms a basis for further training.
Yeah, my post was concerning the current court. And you are right about Miller. The Court recognized that Miller had a right to "bear" arms for individual purposes.   We can go back further than Miller even to find examples of SCOTUS using a non-military/militia interpretation of the 2nd. Amendment phrase "keep and bear arms." In 1875 SCOTUS heard U.S. v. Cruikshank, 92 U.S. 542, which dealt with the federal prosecution of a klansmen for conspiracy to violate a new federal law which made it a crime to deprive a citizen of his fundamental rights guaranteed by the Constitution. Cruikshank was specifically charged with conspiring to deny the black freedmen their fundamental rights of free speech and to keep and bear arms. He did so by leading a band of rioters who burned down a Louisiana courthouse in which armed freedmen had taken refuge while protesting a disputed election.   Like Miller, this was a case involving non-military possession of firearms by private individuals for purposes of private self defense without any connection to a militia function. When klansman Cruikshank sought to deprive the black freedmen of this right, he was prosecuted. This is how SCOTUS described the 2nd. Amendment RKBA:   "The right there specified is that of bearing arms for a lawful purpose." Cruikshank, 92 U.S. at 552. [my bold emphasis]  Again we see a description of the right to keep and bear arms which is not limited to a military context. In this case, the bearing of arms was for the lawful purpose of individual self-defense.   Now this case is often cited by gun control proponents who have seized upon a quote taken out of context in the Court's analysis of the 2nd. Amendment: "The right there specified is that of bearing arms for a lawful purpose. This is not a right granted by the Constitution." Id. [my bold emphasis] Now I have heard gun control proponents cite this quote and argue that this means the constitution does not recognize a RKBA. But that is not what the Court said.   Here is the full quote:  "The right there specified is that of bearing arms for a lawful purpose. This is not a right granted by the Constitution. Neither is it in any manner dependent upon that instrument for its existence. The second amendment declares that it shall not be infringed; but this, as has been seen, means no more than it shall not be infringed by Congress. This is one of the amendments that has no other effect than to restrict the powers of the national government." Id.   What SCOTUS said here is that Bill of Rights did not create rights, it merely recognized certain pre-existing fundamental rights. And this has been a consistent theme in SCOTUS precedent: "The law is perfectly well settled that the first ten Amendments to the Constitution, commonly known as the Bill of Rights, were not intended to lay down any novel principles of government, but simply to embody certain guarantees and immunities which we had inherited from our English ancestors." Robertson v. Baldwin, 165 U.S. 275, 281-82 (1897).   So SCOTUS recognized that the black freedmen had a 2nd. Amendment protected right to "keep and bear arms for a lawful purpose"--like self-defense. SCOTUS also found that these men had a 1st. Amendment protected right to free speech. SCOTUS did not dispute the evidence which showed that Cruikshank, by burning down the courthouse, conspired to deprive these black citizens their free exercise of these rights. Yet SCOUTS reversed Cruikshank's conviction because it held that the Bill of Rights only acted as a limitation on the powers and activities of the federal government, and not those of private citizens or the individual states.   This is an important distinction to remember. SCOTUS has always held that the Bill of Rights acts only to restrict the powers of the federal government. Decades later SCOTUS began using the 14th. Amendment to "incorporate" several rights in the Bill of Rights to make the states recognize and protect them, like the right of free speech, right to remain silent, right to representation by a competent lawyer, freedom from unreasonable search and seizure, etc. All of these were incorporated gradually and individually through a process called "selective incorporation" as cases dealing with these rights came before SCOTUS. But no case has ever come before SCOTUS requiring it to decide whether to incorporate the 2nd. Amendment as a limitation on the power of the states to restrict the RKBA. Unless and until SCOTUS does so, the states are free to thumb their nose at the 2nd. Amendment, and the only restriction on a state's power to infringe on the RKBA comes, if at all, from a recognition of an individual RKBA in its own state constitution.   ---  The issue, however, is not whether court rules are "mutable"; they assuredly are. It is not whether, in the light of "various circumstances," they can be "modifi[ed]"; they assuredly can. The issue is whether, as mutated and modified, they must make sense. The requirement that they do so is the only thing that prevents this Court from being some sort of nine-headed Caesar, giving thumbs-up or thumbs-down to whatever outcome, case by case, suits or offends its collective fancy. Dickerson v. United States, 530 U.S. 428, 455 (2000) (Scalia, dissenting)
That was an interesting quote from Cornell on Cruikshank. I have read Cruikshank. I think Cornell is dead wrong in his analysis of this case, and I think he misunderstands how the Court has implemented the policy of incorporation through the 14th. Amendment. Cornell is right when he suggests that an individual right theory was discussed, because that point was conceded and no one disputed that the black men who suffered under Cruikshank's actions had an individual RKBA. Cruikshank dealt with the question of whether the 2nd. Amendment RKBA could be extended to protection against infringement by an individual citizen's actions. This case did not concern itself with the nature of the civil right (whether individual or collective). Rather, it dealt with the issue of who could be prohibited from acting to violate it. SCOTUS ruled consistently with case precedent that the Bill of Rights acts only to prohibit actions by the federal government.   Now Cruikshank was not, and could not be, a case of incorporation. Cruikshank involved the federal government charging an individual citizen with violating a federal statute which made it a crime to violate the civil liberties of another citizen. The doctrine of incorporation was never an issue in this case because that doctrine is triggered only in cases involving a complaint that the state has acted to deny an individual federal civil liberty which the state should now be to forced to recognize and protect.   Here is an analogy which I hope helps explain my point that incorporation would have been a moot issue in this case. Look at the issue of incorporation as though the federal government were you parents and the state of Louisiana in this case is your big brother. Your parents set out a Bill of Rights for you and they promise to respect those rights. Your big brother then decides to violate one of your rights, and when you complain, your parents smack him for it. When he complains about getting popped, your parents say "hey, that's the doctrine of incorporation-now you're also going to follow my rules son and respect your little brother's rights." Now in Cruikshank, it's your fellow citizen, let's say your racist white brother-in-law, who chooses to violate your rights, and your parents rule on this case by saying "well sorry, the individual right does still exist, but we didn't set these rules up to make him follow them." But if your parents were to have thought out loud, as Cornell seems to suggest, about using the doctrine of incorporation in this case your big brother would whine and say "what did I do?" This would have been the argument of the State of Louisiana if incorporation had been an issue in Cruikshank-"but what did I do?"-because Louisiana did nothing in this case to trigger consideration of the doctrine of incorporation.  I would like to see Cornell's evidence which suggests the doctrine of incorporation was raised and rejected by SCOTUS in a case in which it could not have come into play. If this evidence exists, then it would be historically significant as the only SCOTUS case to do so, and this while at a time of near drought in SCOTUS incorporation decisions. In fact, SCOTUS almost entirely ignored the doctrine of incorporation during that time period.   The only pre-1900 SCOTUS case using the doctrine of incorporation involved arose in 1897, when SCOTUS chose to use the doctrine to incorporate against the states the protection of the 5th. Amendment right to compensation for property taken by the State; Chicago, B. & Q. R. Co. v. Chicago, 166 U.S. 226 (1897). But with the exception of this case, SCOTUS let the doctrine of incorporation languish and did nothing more with it for 30 years until 1927, when it chose to finally require the states to recognize the 1st. amendment rights of speech, press, and religion. Fiske v. Kansas, 274 U.S. 380 (1927), The doctrine was again abandoned for another 20 years, when it resurfaced in a case in which SCOTUS decided to require the states to recognize the 6th. Amendment protected right to a public trial In re Oliver, 333 U.S. 257 (1948). It was then abandoned again until the 1960s, when SCOTUS suddenly became far more active and adopted a deliberate process of "selective incorporation" (4th. Amendment rights to be free from unreasonable searches and seizures and to have excluded from criminal trials any evidence illegally seized; Mapp v. Ohio, 367 U.S. 643 (1961); the 6th. Amendment right to counsel, Gideon v. Wainwright, 372 U.S. 335 (1963); the right guaranteed by the 5th. Amendment to be free of compelled self-incrimination; Malloy v. Hogan, 378 U.S. 1 (1964); and to the 6th. Amendment rights to a speedy trial Klopfer v. North Carolina, 386 U.S. 213 (1967), confrontation of opposing witnesses, Pointer v. Texas, 380 U.S. 400 (1965), compulsory process for obtaining witnesses, Washington v. Texas, 388 U.S. 14 (1967), and trial by jury. Duncan v. Louisiana, 391 U.S. 145, 162 (1968)).  The Common thread in every case here is that they all involve a complaint that the state has acted to deny an individual liberty protected in the Bill of Rights. Cruikshank did not, and I am at a loss to understand how Cornell finds a rejection of the incorporation doctrine in this case.   I'm, sorry; I just cannot accept Cornell's analysis of Cruikshank.
I have two thoughts on Cornell's analysis of how SCOTUS dealt with standing in Miller. 1. I think Cornell misses the importance of the issue of standing. 2. I also think his assumption-that SCOTUS could have dismissed Miller's 2nd. Amendment claim for lack of standing but chose not to do so-is wrong because it suggests that SCOTUS acted not only illegally but illogically.  1. Whether we think judges engage in so-called "judicial activism" or not, one key restraint on the power of the federal judiciary has always been the Article III Section 2 requirement that federal courts avoid overstepping their authority by accepting and deciding cases that do not present a "case or controversy." This principle which sets the scope of judicial authority is fundamental that SCOTUS never ignores it. The following cases illustrate how important this point is:  Under Article III, § 2, of the Constitution, the federal courts have jurisdiction over this dispute between appellants and appellees only if it is a "case" or "controversy." This is a "bedrock requirement." Valley Forge Christian College v. Americans United for Separation of Church and State, Inc., 454 U.S. 464, 471 (1982). As we said in Simon v. Eastern Ky. Welfare Rights Organization, 426 U.S. 26, 37 (1976): "No principle is more fundamental to the judiciary's proper role in our system of government than the constitutional limitation of federal-court jurisdiction to actual cases or controversies. One element of the case-or-controversy requirement is that appellees, based on their complaint, must establish that they have standing to sue. Lujan v. Defenders of Wildlife, 504 U.S. 555, 561 (1992).Raines v. Byrd, 521 U.S. 811, 818 (1997)  Standing is the "irreducible constitutional minimum" necessary to make a justiciable "case" or "controversy" under Article III, § 2. Lujan v. Defenders of Wildlife, 504 U.S. 555, 560. Steel Co. v. Citizens for Better Environment, 523 U.S. 83, 84 (1998)  Now without this limitation on the federal judiciary, there is nothing to prevent SCOTUS from interjecting itself into any public policy debate it wants to at any time. This unbridled power has always been rejected by SCOTUS, and to avoid treading into such dangerous ground standing is something that the Court always looks to. In many cases (and I assert Miller is one of them) standing is so clear and unquestioned that no side raises it as an issue and it never gets mentioned. In these cases the law permits us to assume standing exists. In any case where standing is even remotely questionable, however, SCOTUS always deals with that issue on the record in its opinion, and only after it agrees that standing exists will it then rule on the questions presented in the case. The best example I can give you of this process was Roe v. Wade, where the Court struggled with the idea of finding standing for the female plaintiff who at the time the case came before SCOTUS was no longer pregnant. Now SCOTUS clearly wanted to reach and rule on the issue of abortion, but it could not ignore the standing issue to do so. Therefore, SCOTUS dealt with the standing question by declaring that this is a unique case where standing existed because the plaintiff was pregnant when the case was filed, and because of the temporary nature of pregnancy if that standing were to be required when the case reached SCOTUS you could never get a case there fast enough to get it heard:   Pregnancy often comes more than once to the same woman, and in the general population, if man is to survive, it will always be with us. Pregnancy provides a classic justification for a conclusion of nonmootness. It truly could be "capable of repetition, yet evading review." Roe v. Wade, 410 U.S. 113, 125 (1973).   The constitutional point I think Cornell misses is standing is such a fundamental concept that no matter how badly SCOTUS wants to get its hands on an issue, no matter how necessary it feels the need to be to rule on the merits of a case issue, it never ignores or runs roughshod over the question of standing to reach the substance of the case.  2. As I understand Cornell, he argues that SCOTUS could have dismissed Miller's 2nd. Amendment claim for lack of standing but did not do so because "the Supreme Court wanted to make it clear that Congress' regulation of such guns was Constitutional." This first assumes that the Miller Court deliberately chose to violate the Article III Constitutional requirement of standing, and it assumes that SCOTUS did so for an illogical reason.   Miller's claim of a 2nd. Amendment violation was the allegation that his protected individual RKBA was violated by Congress' act banning sawed-off shotguns. If Cornell's assumption is correct-that SCOTUS wanted to approve and protect the power of Congress to regulate these weapons-then the most effectual way to achieve this goal would have been to declare that no individual right exists, and therefore neither Miller nor any other individual citizen has standing to challenge congressional power to ban these weapons. This would be a far greater and more absolute guarantee of that approved congressional power than what SCOTUS actually did-assume that not only could an individual citizen challenge this authority, but if he could also prove that the weapon had some legitimate militia function then he could exempt the weapon from the reach of that authority.   So then if I understand Cornell's argument clearly, he suggests that SCOTUS had a goal of supporting congressional power to regulate certain firearms; that SCOTUS had two options available to do this; and that it deliberately chose the path of violating the Constitution so it could render a decision which actually grants less protection to the congressional power it so wanted to support. I just can't accept the logic of such an argument.
But keeping and bearing arms for what purpose? It seems from the context it is for militia purposes.  The text of second amendment does not limit the right to any specific purpose. There is no qualifier or conditional in the text. Any claim that is for ONLY one purpose is not based on the text -nor would history support such a claim.   However we can say for certain that "bear arms" as used in the Congressional debates on the bill of Rights refers to an individual person's actions and not collective or state action.  At a minimum this phrase refers "to render military service in person" as per  Madison's draft of the amendment and other references describing "bearing  arms" as the action of an individual person.   Madison: "...no person scrupulous of bearing arms, shall be compelled to  render military service in person ". (my emphasis)  George Wyethe of the Virginia convention: "...that any person scrupulous of  bearing arms ought to be exempted upon payment of an equivalent to employ another to bear arms in his stead."  Also the court quoted from the Rhode Island convention: (identical to Wyethe) "...that any person scrupulous of bearing arms ought to be exempted upon payment of an equivalent to employ another to bear arms in his stead."   With this meaning for "bearing arms" in mind, the second amendment then would read:  A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the rigth of the people to keep arms and render militiary service in person shall not be infringed.   While one can certainly argue that the term may be read more broadly, so as to include keeping arms for other purposes such as hunting (as in the VA Militia acti cited in Miller, and the Address of the PA Minority) or self defense (as in John Adams highly influential Defense of the Constitution), one can not plausibly argue that the right to keep and bear arms doesn't include at least how those terms were used during the Congressional debates.
I think the NRA would have to go a lot farther than that if it was truly interested in promoting the Second Amendment. Thomas Scott explained his reason for objecting to the consientious objector clause in the debate about the proposed Second Amendment in the First Congress. He feared that under the proposed clause conscientous objectors would, "neither be called upon for their services, nor [could] an equivalent be demanded."  He said that in such circumstances, "a militia can never be depended upon. This would lead to the violation of another article in the constitution, which secures to the people the right of keeping arms, and in this case recourse must be had to a standing army."  Scott further explained his objection futher, "There are many sects I know, who are religiously scrupulous in this respect; I do not mean to deprive them of any indulgence the law affords; my design is to guard against those who are of no religion. It has been urged that religion is on the decline; if so, the argument is more strong in my favor, for when the time comes that religion should be discarded, the generality of persons shall have recourse to these pretexts to get excused from bearing arms"  He thought non religious people would use the clause to exempt themselves from keeping and bearing arms rather than those who had a legitimate reason.  Scott's fear was people would find a way around the Second Amendment by declaring themselves conscientous objectors. Now people have found another way around the Second Amendment and that is the unorganized militia. People can now claim to belong to the unorganized militia although they may never engage in any type of militia activity. If groups like the NRA were truly interesting in following the Second Amendment they would be advocating the return of such laws as the Militia Act of 1792.   The NRA does support the ownership of militiary style weapons by the general populace, and does encourage marksmanship and proper handling.  Do they support forcing persons like professor Cornell to pay into a fund for delinquents from which poor persons could be provided arms ? I have never heard such a thing proposed by the NRA but I can't say for certain either way.   But considering there are many tens of millions of people willing and able to provide themselves with arms at their own expense, I would say that the militia is much better armed than at any time in the past, and the lack of a fund for delinquents in not a problem that needs addressing.  I am not an NRA member (yet) so I can not say for certain whether they would support state mandated training if it went far beyond basic marksmanship and weapons familiarity. For instance if the states suddenly rekindled an interest in the militia now that the federal government has overworked the National Guard, and set about requiring men between 16 and 60 to report for training for a month at a time, I really couldn't guess what the NRA's response would be.   To my knowledge, the NRA has not proposed any such thing so as in most cases, Cornell's argument does have a small sliver of truth to it. But as usual, he ignores the larger issue -the NRA does support CIVILIAN arms ownership and marksmanship which is the baseline training that is needed for CIVILIAN readiness (i.e. militia). And if Cornell had his way, there would be no civilian readiness whatever.
Cornell's analysis of Cruikshank has really been bothering me. Cornell said that in U.S. v. Cruikshank, 92 U.S. 542 (1875) SCOTUS rejected the incorporation doctrine. I have already addressed how this was impossible since this was not a case of state action.  But now, having re-read Cruikshank, I have lost all respect for Cornell's argument. First, here is the web page where anyone can read the entire Cruikshank opinion.   http://www.usscplus.com/online/index.asp?case=0920542  I post this link because I don't want anyone to have to just take my word for what I am about to say of Cornell's analysis of Cruikshank.   This is the relevant portion of what Cornell said about this case:   "The final nail in that theory was Cruikshank. In that case the individual rights theory was floated by one of the judges who first heard the case, but it was abandoned by the government and rejected by the Supreme Court when the case was finally heard. Rather than adopt a neo-abolitionist point of view and embrace the individual rights view, the Court embraced the views of the Democrats who opposed incorporation and viewed the Second Amendment as a right of the states." http://blog.oup.com/oupblog/2006/07/tushnet_cornell.html (bold emphasis added by me)  Now read the actual case opinion, because I tell you Cornell's analysis is an absolute fabrication of the holding. SCOTUS never said what Cornell wants it to say. SCOTUS never even implied it, and there are only three possible alternatives for how Cornell so poorly misapprehends this case: Either 1. He never read the case and is merely relying on someone else's flawed analysis. OR 2. He read the case but did not understand it, and just decided to assume it says what he wants it to say OR 3. He read the case and chose to deliberately misconstrue what SCOTUS said.  I remember when Michael Bellesiles cited 1800's probate records from San Francisco, which he claimed he looked through and cataloged in his anti-individual right research. I remember his shame when fellow academics questioned how he got his hands on records that had been obliterated by the 1908 quake, and his further shame when he frantically tried to say he must have done the research in a library in a neighboring county, only to have the library say "nope, we don't have the records either, and we further have no record that Bellesiles ever did his research here."   I also remember the shame of pro-gun individual right supporter John Lott, when it was discovered he all but dressed in drag by spoof posting internet praise of his own research under the fictional name "Mary Rosh." He lost credibility with me then, and I no longer cite him.  And now I see Cornell (whether intentionally or not I can't say) misleading people about a case in which he fraudulently claims SCOTUS rejected the individual RKBA. And this comes on top of his illogical assumption of SCOTUS' intention in U.S. v. Miller that I have already addressed. I don't know where to rank this and compare it to Bellesiles or Lott, but Cornell has lost all credibility with me.   I invite anyone to not take my word for it. Read the actual case and decide for yourself if he misrepresents what SCOTUS said.
  In the records of the Congressional debates about the proposed second amendment it has a military meaning. I think if you look at the big picture you'll find that bear arms was generally a military term and that quoting a few examples where it might have been been used to mean hunting or self defense doesn't change the dominant meaning of the term in the 18th Century. But I think its meaning has evolved over time. State Supreme courts were divided about its meaning in the 19th Century. 19th Century abolitionists insisted slaves had an individual right to bear arms that wasn't connected with militia service.  From a PhD dissertation that examined the early usage of the term: "This paper finds that the overwhelming preponderance of usage of 300 examples of the 'bear arms' expression in public discourse in early America was in an unambiguous, explicitly military context in a figurative (and euphemistic) sense to stand for military service, especially in the militia. Such usage represented a remarkable continuity over nearly two centuries, so much so that the phrase came to represent standard legal terminology describing military obligation, capability, exemption (especially for pacifists), service, and, after 1776, constitutional right." http://www.potowmack.org/emerappa.html#summ   Waving around a vague notion of a "military context" does not answer the question of "who" possessed to right in question.  The one definite answer from a review of the usage of "bear arms" is that the term refers to the actions of individuals.   Which individuals? -would be the next logical question. Since the amendment does not qualify "the people" in any way (no "when in actual service" or any such qualifier) then it must refer to the people as in the other amendments in which the phrase "the right of the people" is used.   For what purpose can the people keep and bear arms? The amendment does not specify that the right to keep and bear arms is to be protected ONLY for service in a militia. There is no conditional attached to "the right ... shall not be infringed".   What you are left to argue is that the words "bearing arms" limits the protections for the possession and use of arms to ONLY those persons on active duty in a state sponsored militia and ONLY for state militia purposes.  But you do not have anything to make your case other than a vague "military constext". I have already mentioned 3 contemporary references to uses of arms by individuals which are not exclusively related to state militia purposes but which are mentioned in a militia act, in a proposal for an amendment guaranteeing the right of the people to bear arms, and in describing the proper role of the militia while defending the authority of the federal government over the militia. Note that each of these references are highly relevant in both time and subject matter to the discussion at hand.   But can you mention even one contemporary reference in which the second amendment or "the right to keep and bear arms" was said to refer ONLY to persons on active duty in the state militia ?    One can hardly imagine a bill of rights to a state constitution containing a right to bear arms provision which referred exclusively to persons enrolled in the armed forces of the state as that would be a pointless guarantee. And yet you claim that is the meaning of the phrase in the context of the second amendment.
 I think the founders wanted the militia to be a well trained and effective fighting force so that they wouldn't have to rely so much on a standing army. In centuries past the goverment had often used a standing army to oppress the people. Nowadays people are pretty content to rely on a standing army.    Yes the NRA does encourage gun ownership but for the reasons listed above I think at best their efforts to support the Second Amendment can be characterized as half assed and you would have to go much further if the goal is to create an effective military force. .   Calling the NRA's efforts regarding maintaining a militia as the founders had in mind "half-assed" is downright ridiculous given that Cornell would deny the citizens at large the right even to keep the arms needed and to train with them to become proficient marksmen. That is far worse the the pot simply calling the kettle black -it is the pot calling the kettle black and much too little.   I think the original right to bear arms was indistinguishable from a duty. Blackstone explained, "the rights of persons that are commanded to be observed by the municipal law are of two sorts; first, such as are due from every citizen, which are usually called civil duties; and, secondly, such as belong to him, which is the more popular acceptation of rights." -Commentaries, I:119  Nowadays people tend to view rights as being only claims against government interference. But the Second Amendment actually invites government interference. People that refused to arm themselves and show up for militia muster could be court martialled.   But how on earth do you get from those comments to a place where the right to bear arms is much less than the duty. I argue that the right must be at least as broad as the duty -nothing you posted above would contradict that, and in fact the statement from Blackstone would support my point.  Given that militia duty (to constantly keep a supply of arms and render military service in person) was a duty of all free men capable of bearing arms, would not the right be at least as broad?   Instead of contradicting my arguments you are supplying information that supports them.  Now if only you could find evidence that the right to keep and bear arms is actually much more constrained than the duty, you would have something to run with.
 When people say that the right exists in connection with a militia they are essentially arguing that the right is as broad as the duty but no broader so I'm not sure what your point is above.   My point is that I have cited contemporary references indicating that the right is broader than the duty, and that the right belongs to the individual whether he is on active duty in a militia or not.   What contemporary evidence can you cite in support of your claim that the right to keep and bear arms is no broader than the duty. What contemporary evidence can you show that the right applies only to active duty members of the militia, rather than to "the people" as in the rest of the Bill of Rights.   For arguments sake one might consider the effect of treating the right only as broad as the duty, as I did in an earlier post. Since every free male capable of bearing arms was required to constantly keep a supply of arms and render military service in person as per the 1792 Federal militia act as well as the militia acts of several of the states, then they would also have at least that right. (I would note that the earliest court decisions did not even ask about active duty status or lack thereof, and state militia laws required all elligible for militia duty to keep arms whether they were in the train band(active duty) or not.)   Under your theory, in cases where a person would be excused from militia duty because of old age or physical disability, would you say that person does not have the right to keep and bear arms ?   Would a person wounded in service to the state and so excused from further active duty, then lose the right to keep and bear arms?   What protection would such a provision afford if ONLY those persons on active duty in the state military forces had a right to keep and bear arms? How would that hold the goverment in check?   Under your theory could the government pass game laws or employ other pretexts for disarming the citizens who were not on active duty in the state military forces?     My purpose in asking these questions is to get more from you than a non-specific statement of a vague "connection with the militia".   The more closely one examines Cornell's claims the less they make sense.  It is my hope that you will examine his arguments more closely. A good first step would be to answer the above questions.     Note also that the second amendemnt did not bring any rights into existence, rather it guarantees that the right shall not be infringed.   The right guaranteed is not a right of the people to keep and bear arms ONLY in connection with active duty militia sevice, nor is it a right of the people to keep and bear arms ONLY when in actual service. No such qualifiers exist in the text of the amendment, and there is no contemporary evidence to support such an interpretation.
Did I ever say it referred to the states? Cornell challenges us to think outside of the collective/individual dichotomy.    But if the term itself has a military meaning then attaching another phrase that expressed such a conditional would be redundant.    Not at all. If the intent was to limit the use of arms by individuals to only active duty persons, then the term "the people" requires a qualifier. You keep ignoring the "who".    Note that in Aymette, the court said that bearing arms had only a military meaning, BUT that court said the state could NOT deny the citizens' right to bear arms altogether -only to place limits for maintaining the peace. As to keeping arms, that court said as long as the ARMS were suitable for use for militia duty, the right of the citizens to keep them is "unqualified".      I'm familiar with one of those references (the minority report). Cornell basically argues that its use of bear arms is non standard that it was put together at the last moment and not well thought out. Ulliver and Merkel point out that the minority consisted of only one man: "Yet this 'minority report' turns out, on closer inspection, to reflect no more than the ramblings of a single embittered eccentric who departed the convention in disgust when he was unable to scuttle ratification. As such, the failure of Pennsylvania's one man 'minority' merely accentuates the fact that opinion favoring a personal right to arms independent of the militia remained highly marginal in state conventions outside of New Hampshire." http://lawreview.kentlaw.edu/articles/76-1/Final%20Uviller-Merkel.pdf      Cornell tries to dismiss the Address of the PA Minority as a non-standard usage (hunting as a meaning to bearing arms) but the clear intent of that provision was to protect the right to bear arms as an individual right in relation to the common defense as well as for individual purposes. The failure to get passage of the proposal for a right to bear arms amendment no more reflects a lack of support for that meaning than the failure of the Minority to a get passage of a free press or freedom of religion provisions reflects a lack of support for those rights. Once again Cornell employs specious reasoning.  John Adams mention of "personal self defense" in Defense of the Constitution is even more harmful to Cornell's argument in that Adams was not even discussing rights, Adams was discussing the militia in general and individual citizens being armed, and for what purposes he considered acceptable.  In the VA militia act they are specifying the types of arms that are required to be puchased and kept -and they make an allowance for the milita west of the blue ridge to keep rifles instead of the standard musket. The illustrates that the makers of that militia act contemplated other uses for the weapons to be kept. (Hunting/trapping was common activity in the frontier and rifle is of much more use than a musket)  Also there is Tenche Coxe "private arms" reference in his description of what became the second amendment.   Lastly, few is better than none! I would much rather have a few contemporary usages supporting my argument, than none supporting a claim that the right relates only to active duty militia service.      And finding a few references in which bear arms has an alternative meaning doesn't change the big picture. Keep and bear arms not only means active duty it also means being prepared for active duty.     Yes! "It also means being prepared for active duty".  That has been my point all along. All of us have that right, whether we are on active duty or not. If I had known you agreed with me on that point we could have moved on earlier.
Let me come back to the discussion if I can. Cornell is correct when he urges us to think outside the state's "right" v. individual right views. There is a third rail in the track of this debate which a hybrid "collective" individual right view. It holds that the right is collectively held amongst members of the state-sponsored militias to use their militia arms when called for service by the states. You can reach this argument if you construe "the people" to mean people only in a collective context.  There are a couple of problems with this view. Like the states "right" view, it suffers from the inability to explain why the right is included in several early state constitutions. You could make an argument for a state's or collective individual right in the U.S. Constitution because the amendment was intended to restrict the power of the federal government and thus could be intended to preserve either the power of the state to control the arming of its militia or the right of individuals to collectively carry state-sponsored weapons in service to the state. But if this was the goal, then there is no justification for the right being present in the state constitutions. It cannot be a state's "right," because the state did not need to have the right included in its own constitution to protect it from itself. Likewise, it cannot be a collective right because it would be meaningless-the state again controls the right. If it does not want you to exercise the right, then it merely has to ignore the militia, refuse to enroll anyone in it, and raise a standing army-which would have run counter to the stated fears our founders had of standing armies.  The second problem is this: How do we remain consistent with our interpretation of other rights in the Bill of Rights? Do we interpret the 2nd. Amendment in a vacuum? Do we use one standard for interpreting the other 9 amendments, but reserve an entirely different one for the RKBA? The phrase "the right of the people" is used in the 1st. Amendment. Is "the right of the people" to free speech individual or collective? Can I engage in it on my own like I am doing now, or must I only exercise it in some collective fashion like a mass protest for my speech to be protected? The same phrase "the right of the people" also begins the 4th. Amendment. Is the right to be free from unreasonable search and seizure individual or collective? As an individual driving home from work, do I have a 4th. Amendment protected right not to have my car stopped and searched without probable cause, or is the right collective and therefore applying only to public mass transportation like a bus or the D.C. metro? Do I have an individual 4th. Amendment right to be free from having my home searched without probable cause and a warrant, or is the right collective and only protecting mass meeting houses like churches or sporting arenas?   The answer to all of these questions is the phrase "the right of the people" means an individual right every time it is used. We can't take the exact same phrase and say "people" means an individual person in the 1st. Amendment, then a collective mass of persons in the 2nd. Amendment, only to morph the word back to meaning an individual person in the 4th. Amendment.
The People is rather a vague and general term and I think the founders could have viewed those belonging to the militia as being the people. .  The people meaning the same as the militia only makes sense if the militia is a general militia which includes all of "the people". A thing can not be a something less than itself. "The people" can not plausibly refer to only a small portion of the people.     Modern day gun advocates like to assign a very individualistic meaning to "the people" and interpret it as meaning each adult individual. The 55 delegates who referred to themselves as "We the People" in the premable to the Constitution probably thought their actions were generally representative of the people. It didn't mean that each individual in America wanted a Constitution. .  So are you now making a collective rights argument? Is that what you have been doing all along?       Yes, I think so. I think the situation with conscientious objectors is illuminating. Some of the Founders thought that exempting certain people from bearing arms would be a threat to the right. Now if the right were a personal right for such things as hunting and self defense this would make little sense. A conscientious objector could still do these things although he was not required to perform any militia duties. .  How's that?  Mr. Gerry - This declaration of rights, I take it, is intended to secure the  people against the mal-administration of the government; if we could suppose that in all cases the rights of the people would be attended to, the occasion for guards of this kind would be removed. Now, I am apprehensive, sir, that this clause would give an opportunity to the people in power to destroy the constitution itself. They can declare who are those religiously scrupulous, and prevent them from bearing arms. What, sir, is the use of a militia? It is to prevent the establishment of a standing army, the bane of liberty. Now it must be evident, that under this provision, together with their other powers, congress could take such measures ith respect to a militia, as make a standing army necessary. Whenever government mean to invade the rights and liberties of the people, they always attempt to destroy the militia, in order to raise an army upon their ruins.   Gerry objects to the CO clause because it might be used by govenment as pretext to prevent some portion of the people from bearing arms. How can that help your argument?  Or would that be Scott's complaint that if the government did not compel COs to pay into the fund for delinquents, then there would be no money to purchase arms for those who were to poor to buy them themselves?  Both objections are on the basis that the goverment might undermine the militia by preventing the people from keeping or bearing arms, and then place complete reliance on the standing army. If Cornell really respected the second amendment and understood its history he would not be arguing that since the militia has fallen into disuse, the right no longer exists.     The existence of a well regulated militia would lessen the reliance on a standing army. That's how it was intended to hold the government in check. It wouldn't matter if a few were disabled and unable to perform militia duty. What would matter is that the militia itself was an effective military force. .  If the government could undermine the existence of an effective milita by disarming the people using various pretexts, we would have exactly the situation decried by Mr. Gerry, Mr. Scott, and Joseph Story.  "If a few were disabled" is a bad joke considering that in your view the government can "disable" anyone they so choose.       I think the Second Amendment would be neutral on such an issue.  Game laws would be discriminatory against the poor and middle and lower classes and therefore perhaps a violation of the 14th's equal protection clause. In addition there is the common law right of self defense which could be used as an argument against disarming citizens not in the militia.    That's very odd -you began this thread with a quote from Joseph Story, Yet here you are contradicting the man.  "§ 1891. A similar provision in favour of protestants (for to them it is  confined) is to be found in the [English] bill of rights ofll of rights of  1688, it being declared, "that the subjects, which are protestants, may have  arms for their defence suitable to their condition, and as allowed by law."  [FN3] But under various pretences the effect of this provision has been  greatly narrowed; and it is at present in England more nominal than real, as  a defensive privilege."  Footnotes:  1 Tucker's Black. Comm. App.300; Rawle on Const. ch.10, p.125; 2 Lloyd's Debates, 219,220 
 "bear arms" would seem to be the qualifier. People usually bear arms in connection with a military organization. I don't think the Founders intended for a bunch of one man militias to be walking around. You had to enroll in the militia. .  So now your argument is that "bear arms" is a qualifier? You can not be serious. Consult a book on grammar.       Interesting. So do people have a right to keep any military weapon in their homes? Historian Gary Wills explains that keep does not necessarily mean keep at home. It could mean the people keep their guns in some type of communal armory "Gun advocates read 'to keep and bear' disjunctively, and think the verbs refer to entirely separate activities. 'Keep,' for them, means 'possess personally at home'- a lot to load into one word. To support this entirely fanciful construction, they have to neglect the vast literature on militias.....Some arms could be kept at home, course. Some officers kept their most valuable piece of war equipment, a good cross-country horse, at home, where its upkeep was a daily matter feeding and physical regimen. But military guns were not ideally kept home." http://www.potowmack.org/garwills.html  If it does mean keep at home what would that mean in our day? You can keep any type of weapon no matter how dangerous, even WMD's in your own home? The city of Boston in the 18th Century passed a law which limited the amount of gun powder that could be kept in a person's home. "Unqualified" as used by the Amyette Court probably means there were no qualifications such as existed in the British right to bear arms (social status and religion)..  Gary Wills shows how silly he can be when suggesting that if the founders wanted the people to have the right to Keep arms at home they would have specified that right.   From A Necessary Evil: If Congress had meant anything so outlandish, it could have said with great verbal economy "keep at home and bear ...."   Paraphrasing the eminent linquist: If Coingress wanted us to have the freedom of speech at home, they would have been more specific.   Of course, as any 4th grader knows, the words "at home" would act a qualifier placing a limit on the right. As it stands, the freedom of speech is unqualified and so there is absolutely no need to specifiy that we have the right to freedom of speech at home.   On the other hand, if Congress had wanted individuals to keep their arms only in central stores, they would have specified that in the Second Amendment and in the 1792 Militia Act -but they did not!   And yes, "unqualified" in Aymette refers to there being no further (the right included all free white men) qualifications on WHO may bear arms under the Tenn. constitution which was far broader in that regard than the British bill of rights. There is no mention of having to be on active duty or even enrolled in the militia in order to keep arms, and that is the case even in the Tenn. constitution in which the phrase "for the common defense" follows the right to bear arms.   The Second amendment is broader still since it refers to "the people" and does not contain the qualifier "for the common defense".     That may have been the true intent but that does not necessarily mean its use of language was standard. .  Neither Cornell, nor anyone else to date, has found any contemporary evidence to support the claim that the right to bear arms ONLY related to persons on active duty. If that were truly the ONLY meaning of the right to bear arms, you would think that your side could find at least ONE reference.       We know that there was support for freedom of the press and freedom of religion because it was actually included in the Bill of Rights. What was never included was an amendment protecting hunting. .  Is there a freedom to publish novels explicitly written into the First Amendment?      John Adams may have favored arms for personal self defense but did he say that this is what is meant by the right to bear arms? .   What he said is much, much worse for your argument. He said that in reference to the mililita, and to the purposes that it would be acceptable for individuals to have arms in their hands. Your incessant attempts to limit the use of arms only to militia purposes is completely undercut, as Adams is on record in a highly influential paper saying that private self defense is a legitamate use of arms. I suppose Adams is also a lone dissenter, eh?  In case you still don't get it, private self defense was used by a highly influential Founder and Framer in a highly influential treatise as a legitimate use of arms in a discussion of the proper role of the militia. Thus making it difficult for one to argue that the only uses of arms protected by the second amendment are those with a connection to the militia, and at the same time try to exclude private self defense.      "Supporters of the individual rights view have focused on the fact that Coxe asserted that 'the people are confirmed by the next article in their right to keep and bear their private arms.' While at first glance this would seem to provide proof of an individual right, it is not clear in what capacity the people's private arms are protected. Are they protected as private citizens or are they protected because as militiamen citizens were expected to provide their own weapons for militia duty? Coxe's statement ultimately tells us little about how people understood the individual or collective nature of the right to keep and bear arms in the late-eighteenth century." http://historymatters.gmu.edu/d/5200  So the Coxe quote doesn't necessarily tell us for what purpose it was protected. .    It doesn't tell us anything because that quote you cite says so? Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain, eh?  Seems Coxe is another lone dissenter. He uses "Bear...arms" in a non-military fashion. He is not using the phrase in the limited way of meaning "to render militiary service in person", rather he is using it the broader meaning of carrying arms. Furthermore he says "private arms" which means that in his view the right is private, belonging to the person -do you recall the Blackstone quote you cited a few posts ago?     In Madison's first draft of the Second Amendment bear arms clearly has a military meaning. In the debates in the first Congress it also had a military meaning.   From a PhD dissertation that examined the early usage of the term: "This paper finds that the overwhelming preponderance of usage of 300 examples of the 'bear arms' expression in public discourse in early America was in an unambiguous, explicitly military context in a figurative (and euphemistic) sense to stand for military service, especially in the militia." http://www.potowmack.org/emerappa.html#summ So I don't think the claim can be easily dismissed. Just because one come up with a few quotes where it might have had a non military meaning doesn't change the big picture. .  Except those "few quotes" aren't so few, and they relate very closely both in time and topic to the right to keep and bear arms. Also some of those usages were widely published at the time so would undoubtedly have informed a good portion of the public about the meaning of the second amendment.      I'm not sure what your point is. Are you arguing that those not in the militia had to be prepared for militia duties? If that's so then why not include them in the militia? Minutemen were expected to be ready at a minute's notice. That's an example of being prepared.  What I am getting at is your claim that only those on active duty would have the right/duty to keep and bear arms. But that is not the case. Even those who were not on active duty had to keep a supply of arms.
So if you say that the people chose to reelect Bush in 2004 does that mean everyone voted for Bush? Whether it seems plausible to you or not that's how language is used.   Certainly it has both collective and individual elements in it. But the theory advocated by Cornell doesn't not fit into either of the collective versions. .  When you wrote "the people chose to elect bush" you were speaking in the collective sense. Are you making a collective rights argument with regard to the second amendment?    I don't see how bear arms has a non military meaning in that quote. And if the bear arms has a non-military meaing how would not requiring certain people to serve in the militia prevent them from bearing arms? In that case they could still bear arms for hunting and self defense so the government wouldn't be preventing them from bearing arms because they were exempted from militia duties because of their conscientious objector status.  .   Cornell's argument requires exclusivity, the individual rights model does not.  I said that both Gerry and Scott's concern was that the government might undermine the militia system by preventing people from keeping(Scott) and bearing(Gerry) arms. They both thought that if the government had the power to prevent persons from bearing arms by declaring them COs or by failing to perform its duties, the amendment would be useless.   Does your theory hold that individuals (any of the the people) have right to serve on active duty and to bring their own weapons? How is it that they are able to own/keep weapons prior to being on active duty, considering that your argument is that they ONLY have the right IF they are on active duty.     When did I say that? .   Is it not your contention that ONLY persons on active duty in the official Government Militia have the right to bear arms? Is it not your contention that the government controls, determines, designates, etc. who is on active duty?  (added on edit: I ask same question regarding being "enrolled" , would ONLY persons who are enrolled in the militia have the right to keep and bear arms? )   That quote doesn't say those pretenses were game laws.  Are you claiming that they were not?   If Story thought the right to keep and bear arms ONLY related to persons on active duty, why would he write about ANY pretenses being employed to "narrow" the right?
An infinitive phrase can act as an adjective. And bear arms means to render military service so it would make sense that you belong to some type of military organization (the well regulated militia in this case). I don't think the Founders wanted there to be a bunch of one man militias. You aren't a militia of one.     Please explain further how "to keep and bear arms" is a qualifier on "the people".    You left off "in person" (bear arms means to render military service)       Militias of that era often kept their arms in public stores so I don't think a comparison with freedom of speech is particularly enlightening. I think Wills was trying to say that it doesn't necessarily mean keep at home not that it never could.     And the people often kept weapons at home. In fact, history plainly shows that when called for service, men would arrive bearing arms supplied by themselves and in common use at the time.    Comparisons with freedom of speech are to be avoided at all costs, since they illustrate the folly of Wills' and Cornell's assertions.       But it says bear arms has a military meaning and you usually perform military service in connection with some type of organization. You aren't a one man militia.   "the common defense" could mean national defense so the founders didn't want to limit the role of the militia to that purpose in the Second Amendment. The Tennessee constitution actually says "their common defense".     And yet in Aymette, the right to "keep arms" is "unqualified"(exceptions already discussed). And even in bearing arms, the government can not prohibit the citizens completely -the gov can only make restrictions with regard to public safety. Nowhere is there any mention of the right relating ONLY to active duty members of the militia -EVEN WITH SUCH QUALIFYING LANGUAGE ! And note that in Aymette it is the citizens who keep and bear arms -not the militia.   Yes, that is right. The framers of the second amendment did not include the qualifying phrase that is found in the Tenn. const. because they did not want to limit the purpose. How then do you claim that the second amendment is actually more restrictive than the Tenn. const. as in Aymette?     How about the proposed conscientous objector clause- "but no person religiously scrupulous of bearing arms shall be compelled to render military service in person."  So if it has a non-military meaning we could interpret it as: "but no person religiously scrupulous of hunting or carrying a gun for personal self defense shall be compelled to render military service in person."  As far as I know such groups as the Quakers were opposed to war at that time and thus military service, not to hunting or carrying a weapon for their own private purposes. And no one was compelled by law to carry weapons for private purposes. So I don't see how a non-military meaning works there.  Some people might argue that it doesn't matter because this clause was not included in the final version of the Second Amendment. Obviously, that's because they decided not to exempt conscientious objectors not because they suddenly decided to change the standard meaning of bear arms.     Quakers were opposed to using weapons for self defense as well as fighting wars. I don't think a person who would use a weapon in his own, or his family's defense, or his own immediate community's defense could have a moral claim not to fight for the general government's defense.       I think I've already seen that quote and yes he does support the use of arms for private self defense but he does not say that is what is meant by the term "bear arms."   So show me a quote from this source where bear arms is used to mean private self defense.      I didn't say he used "bear arms" in that quote. I said Adams is relating the proper role of the militia, and that the citizens would have arms in their hands to be used for private self defense as well as in collective defense. So the attempt to make an exclusively Collective purpose is undercut.      The Militia Act of 1792 required people to keep private weapons for military purposes. So I don't think the quote establishes that bearing arms has a nonmilitary meaning.    It does tell us who (the individual) would "keep" arms. It did not require that they be used ONLY for collective defense.     Where did I say you had to serve full time to qualify for Second Amendment protection? Part of the idea behind the militia was that it be composed mainly of part time citizen soldiers rather than full time professional soldiers. But the point is I never said you had to serve in the militia full time. In my view, it would be necessary to enroll in the militia and be periodically active in it (not necessarily full time).    Neither in Aymette nor Miller were there any questions regarding whether or not the persons were enrolled.  What evidence do you have that the right of the people to keep and bear arms only related to persons enrolled in the militia?   There is no "who are enrolled for service" clause.
I don't think it's a fallacy of division. Each person would have the right to keep and bear arms, just like each person would have the right to be free from unreasonable search and seizure.  I like reading Amar, but I'm going to have to disagree with his "communitarian analysis" of the BoR. He wants to read the phrase "the people" in the 2nd. as exclusively collective in context. To reach this conclusion, he unequivocally asserts "[t]he rest of the Bill of Rights confirms this communitarian reading." The admitted stumbling block in his analysis is the 4th. Amendment: "The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated...."   I believe he would have been better off ignoring the 4th. Than engaging in the speculative guesswork he did. He begins with:   "Here, the collective "people" wording is paired with more individualistic language of "persons." And these words obviously focus on the private domain, protecting individuals in their private homes more than in the public square."  Now Amar cannot argue that the phrase "the people" means a collective right in the 4th. He knows that this phrase was viewed by our founders and by all courts which have ever considered this amendment to be a right of each individual citizen. His mention of the 4th.'s inclusion of the word "persons" is meaningless. Indeed, I cannot understand why he felt it important enough to mention it only to studiously avoid any analysis of it. Here is mine: "The people" in the amendment refers to individual citizens who have a right to be secure in their (individually possessive) "persons." Here, the use of the word "persons" merely confirms that the phrase "the people" also refers to individuals.   But Amar still will not let the collective definition go: "Why, then, did the Fourth use the words "the people" at all?" Here is where I believe Amar overreaches the most:   "Probably to highlight the role that jurors--acting collectively and representing the electorate--would play in deciding which searches were reasonable and how much to punish government officials who searched or seized improperly."   Again, there is no analysis of this argument. He cites no example, no statement, no court precedent or procedure to support this guesswork. This is because none exists. I have been immersed in the 4th. Amendment for over 15 years now. I deal with it on a near daily basis. In our criminal justice system, juries never have, and never did, play any role in deciding which searches or seizures violated the 4th. Amendment. These are always questions of law decided in hearings and arguments before judges. On the civil side of the law, individuals (because the phrase "the people" refers to individuals) can sue the government and have government officials punished financially for violations of their 4th. Amendment right. I doubt, however, that this is what Madison was referring to. The ability to file such a lawsuit did not exist until Congress passed legislation permitting it in 1979 (42 U.S.C. 1983). If we argue that Madison would have used the phrase "the people" to refer to jury vindication of a violation of a civil right, when juries were neither intended nor permitted to do so by any of his amendments, and in fact could not do so until authorized by congressional statute 200 years later, then we suggest that Madison should have a far greater reputation for prescience than Nostradamus.   Amar completely fails to link such an oblique speculation. His only argument in favor of his guess (for that is all it is) is to point to an earlier, rejected draft of the 6th. Amendment right to trial by jury-chosen, presumably, because it contains the phrase "as one of the best securities to the rights of the people, ought to remain inviolate." No where in this cited example does Madison state or even remotely suggest that juries should act collectively to protect the right to be free from unreasonable search and seizure (nor does this imputation exist in the adopted 4th. Amendment).   Use of this example does, ironically, support the individual right view. It is yet another example of Madison's penchant for including universally believed statements in the amendments he was drafting. These statements of principle, like the 2nd. Amendment militia preamble, have no impact on the right itself. They merely state one (of many) public rationales for the importance of protecting the right. The phrase quoted by Amar does not limit the 4th. Amendment right at all, it merely states that the right was viewed important enough to be included in his Bill of Rights (because it is one of the "best securities" of the rights of the people). The same is true of the militia preamble, which informs us that standing armies are dangerous to liberty, and that to secure a "free" state we should rely instead upon a militia. As I have argued before, there are many examples of Madison and other draftsmen of his time including these goals or principles with the substantive right. It is only with the RKBA that anyone seems encouraged to argue a statement of principle should be used as a rope to strangle the right it accompanies.
 Where did I say you had to serve full time to qualify for Second Amendment protection? Part of the idea behind the militia was that it be composed mainly of part time citizen soldiers rather than full time professional soldiers. But the point is I never said you had to serve in the militia full time. In my view, it would be necessary to enroll in the militia and be periodically active in it (not necessarily full time).   Besides the fact that the amendment does not contain a "who are enrolled" qualifier, your claim opens up a great big can of worms(violates principle of parsimony).    How periodically? Might a person enroll and never be called to service?   If the government never calls an individual to service, does that individual lose his right to keep and bear arms? When does this happen? After 1 year w/o service?, 10 years?, or 20 years? Is there any historical evidence that this is the case?   Does each of us have a right to enroll ? Does government have a duty to enroll all of us? If so, what is to be done if the government refuses? If a person wants to enroll but is denied without cause by government , does that person still have a right to keep and bear arms?   Doesn't the government naturally control who may (and who must) enroll in the organized militia? Does the right to keep and bears arms apply to militia that are not trained periodically?   We have a right to keep and bear arms -which means at the very least that we have a right to keep arms and to render military service in person -but does that mean we have a right to enroll in the organized militia, or to decide when we will go on active duty and/or when we will be merely reserves?  Does the second amendment require that the goverment train everyone? Or is the government free to organize and train only a portion of the militia?
I just skimmed through, so if any of this has been said before, sorry.  If the 2nd amendment meant "people" collectively, why was the same word used for individuals in the 1st amendment. The founding fathers were smart enough to be specific.  Admiral Yamamoto, the Japanese commander during WWII stated that: "It is impossible to invade the mainland United States; there would be a rifle behind every blade of grass."  Also, the first acts of Hitler, Stalin, and almost any authoritarian ruler was to massively restrict or ban firearms, and we know how well it went for their citizens...
Ive found that most people who argue that the 2nd ammendment doesnt give the individual's freedom to keep and bear arms haven't actually read the Federalist papers, and many other first hand writings from many of the founding fathers. In many of their own writings, including sections of the federalist papers, many of the founding fathers very clearly addressed the issue and states their sentiments on it.   just type in "founding fathers on gun control" into a yahoo or google search, and read from the many sites that compile quotes (this is easier than going through the federalist papers too, since they are...extremely long. Im actually a bit sorry that I spent the time really reading over all of it a while ago).  In these quotes they clearly address their thoughts on individual posession of firearms, and what they meant by "Militia"
Ive found that most people who argue that the 2nd ammendment doesnt give the individual's freedom to keep and bear arms haven't actually read the Federalist papers, and many other first hand writings from many of the founding fathers. In many of their own writings, including sections of the federalist papers, many of the founding fathers very clearly addressed the issue and states their sentiments on it.   just type in "founding fathers on gun control" into a yahoo or google search, and read from the many sites that compile quotes (this is easier than going through the federalist papers too, since they are...extremely long. Im actually a bit sorry that I spent the time really reading over all of it a while ago).  In these quotes they clearly address their thoughts on individual posession of firearms, and what they meant by "Militia"   the problem with this line is "many who argue" is not an argument. Also, there were compromises made and what the congregate thought and accepted is very different at time of what the individuals wanted.  Huck
the problem with this line is "many who argue" is not an argument. Also, there were compromises made and what the congregate thought and accepted is very different at time of what the individuals wanted.  Huck  I don't remember saying that i was making an argument. I was just making a comment that I find that a lot of people who try to talk to me about the intent of the founding fathers, when asked about it, have never read any other documents written by them. I then linked to some pages so they could see some quotes without having to dig through things.  And in response to you comments about compromises, the federalists papers were written to convince the New york convention to ratify the just-drafted constituition...so why would they make comments in support of a feature that isnt in there when trying to convince people to ratify the constitution? They wouldn't, because it was in the constitution.
I don't remember saying that i was making an argument. I was just making a comment that I find that a lot of people who try to talk to me about the intent of the founding fathers, when asked about it, have never read any other documents written by them. I then linked to some pages so they could see some quotes without having to dig through things.  And in response to you comments about compromises, the federalists papers were written to convince the New york convention to ratify the just-drafted constituition...so why would they make comments in support of a feature that isnt in there when trying to convince people to ratify the constitution? They wouldn't, because it was in the constitution.  Given that this is a debate forum, it is relatively reasonable to assume you are making an "argument".   As to the federalist papers, they were written between 1787 and 1788. The first ten amendments to the constitution were not ratified until 1791. Three years later. Those papers do not refer to the bill of rights. In fact, there were only three authors, John Jay, James Madison, and alexander hamilton.  In fact, lets look at one of the things that Hamilton says:  If standing armies are dangerous to liberty, an efficacious power over the militia, in the body to whose care the protection of the State is committed, ought, as far as possible, to take away the inducement and the pretext to such unfriendly institutions. If the federal government can command the aid of the militia in those emergencies which call for the military arm in support of the civil magistrate, it can the better dispense with the employment of a different kind of force. If it cannot avail itself of the former, it will be obliged to recur to the latter. To render an army unnecessary, will be a more certain method of preventing its existence than a thousand prohibitions upon paper.    Clearly Hamilton envisioned the militia was the people of the country. He advised that the states be the ones to regulate such militias. However, he clearly intends that people be called up with their own weapons in case of insurrection and invasion.  The right to keep and bear arms is essential as the point of "calling up the militia was only in times of domestic disturbance (to include invasion) where every man will be in the path of destruction. The standing army for internal protection was never contemplated. An army would be contemplated for foreign wars.  Huck
The US Constitution says you can own guns and in the time of the Founding Fathers that meant military grade weaponry. So I see no reason why people shouldn't be able to buy 50 cal. weapons.  As for it potentially causing another 9/11, well, 9/11 was (officially) caused by a group of men with boxcutters. I see no reason to ban boxcutters because of this. If we were to ban anything that might potentially cause another 9/11 we'd have nothing left to use for anything.
Do you think these rifles should be legal?  Yes  [/b]Could it be used to cause another 9/11?[/QUOTE]  Not really, the most likely scenario, even if the bullet hit the plane, would be an emergency landing and a lot of frightened passengers.  And if anyone was comitted enough to try it, you should be glad they exposed themselves by such a long shot method of causing major damage, rather than secretively acquiring the materials for explosives and setting them off somewhere crowded.
Yes, .50 rifles should be legal. If they outlaw .50 rifles, there will be a .49 rifle out within a week. Some people just like to have the bigest and baddest.  As far as a .50 causing another 9/11.....complete and utter rubish. A good marksman could probably use a .50 to bring down a hovering helicopter at range. POSSIBLY even force a commercial aircraft to do an emergency landing at takeoff. Those planes are moving a LOT faster than people realize at takeoff and landing. In order to hit one with any kind of accuracy at range, you would have to lead it by nearly 200 yards, and that is when it is moving relatively slowly. In full flight, you would have to lead it by nearly half a mile.   There is a REASON (and a good one) that one of the primary requirements for AA guns is a high rate of fire.
Yes, .50 rifles should be legal. If they outlaw .50 rifles, there will be a .49 rifle out within a week. Some people just like to have the bigest and baddest. Now, THAT was cynical. :)   As far as a .50 causing another 9/11.....complete and utter rubish. A good marksman could probably use a .50 to bring down a hovering helicopter at range. POSSIBLY even force a commercial aircraft to do an emergency landing at takeoff. Those planes are moving a LOT faster than people realize at takeoff and landing. In order to hit one with any kind of accuracy at range, you would have to lead it by nearly 200 yards, and that is when it is moving relatively slowly. In full flight, you would have to lead it by nearly half a mile.   There is a REASON (and a good one) that one of the primary requirements for AA guns is a high rate of fire.  emoticon_xhoho
Now, THAT was cynical. :)    The question is....do you disagree? I have 2 .50 rifles and in all reality, they are pretty worthless pieces of equipment. They are too big to hunt with, but are hell of fun to shoot. I have only ever fired them at targets...usually targets so far away you cannot see them witht he naked eye :) that is a good time!
The question is....do you disagree? I have 2 .50 rifles and in all reality, they are pretty worthless pieces of equipment. They are too big to hunt with, but are hell of fun to shoot. I have only ever fired them at targets...usually targets so far away you cannot see them witht he naked eye :) that is a good time!  I don't disagree at all. Guns and cars have the same effect on testosterone. More is better. emoticon_xgood  I'd love to be able to plink old cars from 1000 yards with a 50cal. emoticon_xkill
Personally, the freaking $5,000+ USD price tag banned that sucker for me when I was looking at one. Barretta .50 sniper. And this was about 7 years back. Ammo for it was ~$1 USD.  A criminal will get one no matter how much they're banned. So a ban's pretty much nothing more than politicians making emotional appeals to ignorant masses.  Last I recall, the .50 was used in a bare handful of crimes. IIRC, one involving an armored truck heist.  I'd be along the lines of buying trillion dollar price tag tactical nuclear warheads. Someone would cry 'OMG you can buy a nuke and destroy da world'...over looking the issue that for a trillion dollars, you could probably buy all of Central America.
I don't disagree at all. Guns and cars have the same effect on testosterone. More is better. emoticon_xgood  I'd love to be able to plink old cars from 1000 yards with a 50cal. emoticon_xkill  Anti gunners seem to think that guns induce people to commit murder and mayhem. If there was a gun that was going to do it, the .50 would be it. It is an awesome gun to shoot, not only because of range, but becuase it leaves REALLY BIG holes in things that you generally would not think of putting holes in :) Using an engine block for target practice is cool....especially when you split the sucker in half.   Other interesting things to shoot at:  Propane bottles. When you set them up, make sure you leave a 30 minute highway flare burning near them.   Rocks....big ones. They split in half, too  Cinder blocks  A Yugo  A motorcycle  A coyote (they split in half, too)  A friend who had never done any long range shooting described it well:  "You project your will a mile away and concentrate it on a spot the size of your thumb"  I still have trouble understanding how the .50 would be especially useful to criminals or terrorists. They could theoretically be useful for assasinaitons, but back in the real world you want the shortest shot you can get, and in closer there is no advantage to a .50 over a .308 with a hot round, and PLENTY of disadvantages to the larger gun.
Anti gunners seem to think that guns induce people to commit murder and mayhem. If there was a gun that was going to do it, the .50 would be it. It is an awesome gun to shoot, not only because of range, but becuase it leaves REALLY BIG holes in things that you generally would not think of putting holes in :) Using an engine block for target practice is cool....especially when you split the sucker in half.   Other interesting things to shoot at:  Propane bottles. When you set them up, make sure you leave a 30 minute highway flare burning near them.   Rocks....big ones. They split in half, too  Cinder blocks  A Yugo  A motorcycle  A coyote (they split in half, too)  A friend who had never done any long range shooting described it well:  "You project your will a mile away and concentrate it on a spot the size of your thumb"  I still have trouble understanding how the .50 would be especially useful to criminals or terrorists. They could theoretically be useful for assasinaitons, but back in the real world you want the shortest shot you can get, and in closer there is no advantage to a .50 over a .308 with a hot round, and PLENTY of disadvantages to the larger gun.   What 50's do you have Barretts? Home-made?
No.   This is attempt of a law is obviously someone who doesn't know anything about guns watching hollywood and their hype on ".45s handguns that blow through locks" and "50 cals going through cars at 2 miles". What about the express nitro calibers? They're just as capable of going through the frame of an airplane. What about that new "12ga from hell" that a group of guys are developing? Why ban 50 calibers? This would ban MUSKETS since most use .50 caliber sabots.   Even worse, it's made by someone who knows all this, but is trying to gain sympathy votes from the public who believes in the surreal-ity of the hollywood gun world.
No.   This is attempt of a law is obviously someone who doesn't know anything about guns watching hollywood and their hype on ".45s handguns that blow through locks" and "50 cals going through cars at 2 miles". What about the express nitro calibers? They're just as capable of going through the frame of an airplane. What about that new "12ga from hell" that a group of guys are developing? Why ban 50 calibers? This would ban MUSKETS since most use .50 caliber sabots.   Even worse, it's made by someone who knows all this, but is trying to gain sympathy votes from the public who believes in the surreal-ity of the hollywood gun world.  It's pretty obvious that most gun control laws are written by clueless politicians and their gun grabbing lobbyists. If you've ever read some of the legislation and know anything about firearms, it's almost comical. What constitutes an assault weapon? slapping a bayonet and folding stock onto a semi-automatic rifle? LOL.   Semi-automatic rifles able to accept detachable magazines and two or more of the following:  Folding or telescoping stock  Conspicuous pistol grip  Bayonet mount  Flash suppressor, or threaded barrel designed to accommodate one  Grenade launcher  
Stupid question here:  How does a conspicuous pistol grip differ from a normal pistol grip? I mean, I understand the difference between a grip like for example on an M16 and a grip like on grandpa's shotgun, but what does the "conspicuous" part add?
Stupid question here:  How does a conspicuous pistol grip differ from a normal pistol grip? I mean, I understand the difference between a grip like for example on an M16 and a grip like on grandpa's shotgun, but what does the "conspicuous" part add?  Now you understand what my point was. The laws were written by clueless leftists.
I have a civil War musket that is classified as an assault rifle because you can affix a bayonet to it.   I suppose the gubment is afraid I might try to roll a bank with a bunch of Amish then try to get away on an unlicensed horse.
 What constitutes an assault weapon? slapping a bayonet and folding stock onto a semi-automatic rifle? LOL.  I know.  Was comical when I was being deposed and the opposing lawyer tried to get my 'sporting' rifles refered to as 'assault rifles'.  =So, how many assault rifles you own? Me- "None."  =What kind of guns do you own? -"Some sporting rifles and a .357 pistol."  =Don't you own several AK-47's? -"Nope."  The funny thing was he never followed up on asking for clarification. All my answers were 'technically' accurate. Which is all that matters in legal issues.  When the ban came out, so many manufacturers simply manipulated mere cosmetic issues to push out a similar weapon that slips through legal definitions.  IMO, an assault rifle should be any weapon that fires a rifle cartridge in either burst or automatic mode regardless of appearance. But, as has been said, most people get their reality from TV and movies.
What 50's do you have Barretts? Home-made?  I have a Barrett and a home made modeled after the Holmes .50. The home made one is actually more accurate than the barrett, mostly owning to a longer barrel. the home built is a composite fo the stuart and holmes design. I used the buttpad/bolt combination from the stuart design so I could put a much longer barrel on it without making the thing unweildy.
A .300 Win. Mag. will penetrate 13mm armor plating at 600m, should we make my hunting rifle illegal as well? BS. The chances that someone will use a high powered rifle to bring down an aircraft are slim to none. Terrorists with these kind of intentions are more likely to look at using things like Stingers and other such shoulder guided missiles (all available for the right price). If you are going to do the job, bring the right tool...and a .50 is not the right tool for that job.
I think that anyone wanting to ban the .50 should fire one to gain experience ......................................without the muzzle brake.
I think that anyone wanting to ban the .50 should fire one to gain experience ......................................without the muzzle brake.  Fired from a standing position, too. emoticon_xkill
Looks like Illinois is considering banning these rifles. A journalist in the Chicago Tribune recently called the .50 caliber rifle godzilla's gun and ridicules those who claim it can be used legitimately for hunting purposes.  "Coyote. Shooting coyote.  "That's what a gun lobbyist claimed during a recent state Senate committee hearing about a measure aimed at outlawing .50-caliber sniper rifles.  "Did he possibly mean . . . obliterating the state's entire coyote species with a single shot? Some sport......  "There may be a handful of 'sportsmen' who get their kicks by firing expensive, military-like weapons at small animals or targets. But to put their kicks before the public safety of millions makes no sense at all."http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/chi-0703280792mar29,1,4013754.story?coll=chi-newsnationworld-hed&ctrack=1&cset=true  Would anyone claim that anthrax is a hunting weapons because it can be used to kill a lot of deer?  What a slippery slope, liberal extremist statement that is.emoticon_wow  How does someone punching paper threaten the safety of millions? talk about hyperbole. emoticon_rolleyes  I could use the same argument, with statistics to back me up, over banning the automobile in the interest of millions of peoples' public safety.
"There may be a handful of 'sportsmen' who get their kicks by firing expensive, military-like weapons at small animals or targets. But to put their kicks before the public safety of millions makes no sense at all."  buahahahahahaha!!!!!!!  Threaten millions, eh? Wait...how many deaths total have resulted from criminal use of .50 caliber weapons in the US? Im pretty sure it's in the single digits.  .50 cals are heavy and expensive, and use expensive and heavy ammo. You're much better off using something cheaper with greater ammo capacity and lighter recoil if you're taking down people.
HAHAHA... Ya . .50 are definatly toys to most people who own em. I got a buddy who goes for prarie dogs with a barret .50. Showed me some of the video he took. Crazy stuff.   As far as public safty.... the only threat these pose to public safty is if some XXXXX is fireing without checking the rounds potential travel area. EVERYONE who owns .50 knows to do this. They are well aware that the round can go for miles and always either have a backstop or know the terrain behind their target to be safe for bullet travel.   As one of these being used for criminal action.   What are they gonna do?   Snipe? ::That rifle in a bit odvious out in the open. I think someone would notice at some point. There are better less conspicuois and less expensive weapons out there.  Rob a bank? :: that would actually be comical.  Take down a plane? :: very very very small chance of sucess there Go on a rampage? Not ideal choice of weapon. Rampage killers are after a bodycount. There are better weapons for the job. Something with a higher rate of fire and better stability durring rapid round deployment.  emoticon_xkill  The .50 cal does not have allot a uses for a private citizen either as a personal firearm or as a tool for a criminal.   The deepest reason to have a .50 rifle is that if the GOV went tyranical and revolt took hold. You'd want one of those or at least buddy op with someone who had one.
.50 cal rounds causing another 9/11? It's more likely I'd be able to take out the President with a BB gun.  Another statistic to consider is that most cases of firearms mass-murders and caused by illegal automatic weaponry.
.50 BMG is unique among popular calibers in that it serves almost no practical purpose in current day-to-day life, so I try to keep an open mind on the subject.  That said, before I scurry off to surrender my .50 cal AR upper, I'll need to see some empirical evidence that .50 BMG weapons pose a legitimate threat to public safety. If you can't produce that, you should be asking yourself why you want to see them banned in the first place(btw, I'd actually be interested in hearing personal reasons, open mind and all that).
Watch this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-U4uOz1_Jo  It can pierce armor at more than a mile away. It can be used to shoot aircraft. Do you think these rifles should be legal? Could it be used to cause another 9/11?  I don't even have to watch the video to tell you that is pure bs. Velocity is lost after a certain amount of time and the only way it will pierce armor is if it's shot in the same place 3 or 4 times WITH armor piercing bullets (which are not readily available anywhere). At a mile away, it's even more difficult to pierce armor. You'd have to be one hell of a sniper to hit something from that far away..and there isn't many who can. Shoot aircraft? Baloney. If it were on a fighter aircraft firing at least 3000 rounds a minute yes maybe but single shot or semi-automatic (meaning one bullet per trigger) it is nearly impossible. Besides one doesn't need a .50BMG to make a hole in a plane, you can even use the smallest bullet a .22lr to make a hole in a plane..and no it's not like in the movies where everything gets sucked out..another misconception. You want to tell me how many .50bmgs have been used in crimes? I'll tell you it's NOT in the double digits... This is just more fearmongering by people who have it in for guns, 9/11 was done with box cutters! BOX CUTTERS! It isn't the weapon that one uses that we should be worried about. It's the sheep mentality that we have to fix.
 It can pierce armor at more than a mile away. It can be used to shoot aircraft. Do you think these rifles should be legal? Could it be used to cause another 9/11?  Ok ok so it can peirce an aircraft at more than a mile away but what about more than 3 miles away?emoticon_confused emoticon_wow Of course some people are conserned about our safety but what if we use it for self defence? emoticon_confused emoticon_wow No it couldn't cause another 9/11 but the question is could it cause another columbine?emoticon_confused emoticon_wow  Now theres some questions to be worried about!
.50 caliber rifles have been legal for ownership since the revolutionary days. They even had .75 caliber rifles. So why can't we have .50 caliber rifles today?  I've yet to see any proof at all that a plane could be hit, let alone actually be blown out of the sky, with a single shot from the .50 BMG.
seleare, you keep accidentally typing that these guns cause crime. Thought you should know.
So they had guns that could shoot down planes even before they had planes?Their primitive muskets were that powerful? I am not that easy to fool!  Where's the evidence that one single shot from a .50 caliber rifle will bring down a 747? Where's the proof that it'll be blown out of the air if it's hit by one .50 BMG round?  No matter how many you repeat a lie, no matter how many people you get to believe it, the fact is it's still a lie.
It is theoretically possible to shoot down a low flying plane with a well placed shot from a .50. I am a good shot...military trained and have improved my skills by several orders of magnitude since then...and I know I could not do it. I know several snipers...some of the best on the planet...and none of them could do it.  In order to take down a plane, you would have to score a critical hit on a target that is moving at a couple hundred miles per hour at least. Being able to do so would be PURELY a matter of luck. To take down a passenger jet, you would have to lead it by a half a mile or more. It just cant be done (on purpose anyway).
Only the extreme anti-gunners are saying that it is designed to shoot down an aircraft in normal flight, but that they are designed to shoot down an aircraft during take-off. It might be possible, but that certainly would not be the weapon I would choose. I would use something lighter, something that I could shoot a whole lot accuratly in a short amount of time.
but that they are designed to shoot down an aircraft during take-off.  That's BULL and I demand evidence to the contrary to support your statement that the civilian model .50 BMG rifles were designed from the very beginning for shooting down planes during takeoff and landing!
Only the extreme anti-gunners are saying that it is designed to shoot down an aircraft in normal flight, but that they are designed to shoot down an aircraft during take-off. It might be possible, but that certainly would not be the weapon I would choose. I would use something lighter, something that I could shoot a whole lot accuratly in a short amount of time.  Wrong. They were designed to shoot them while they are sitting on the runway. The sniper version of the .50 was concieved and developed as an anti equipment rifle, the idea being that a sniper could disable aircraft, vehicles, etc...while they are sitting parked.  It would be almost impossible to take down a plane that is moving at all with one. Hitting a vital area even while the plane is moving across a runway woud be nearly impossible at any kind of range.  Anti equipment rifles have been around since WWII (the first was a german anti tank rifle) and they have been used in every conflict since then. There has never, ever been a single report of an aircraft being brought down by one. EVER. You are talking about a precision shot on a target moving through two axis, you are talkign about a target moving fast enough that you would have to lead it far enough that it would not even be in your sight picture.  You may as well close your eyes and fire randomly in the general direction. The odds of hitting your target are about the same.
Wrong. They were designed to shoot them while they are sitting on the runway. The sniper version of the .50 was concieved and developed as an anti equipment rifle, the idea being that a sniper could disable aircraft, vehicles, etc...while they are sitting parked.  I'm calling BULL on you too! The .50 BMG rifles were designed and released in the civilian sector LONG before the military ever showed interest in adopting them for their use. They were designed for long range target shooting by civilians, that's all they were made for. The military only started using them later on, well after they had an established following by civilian marksmen.
for the record, that is not my position at all. All I was saying is that in your previous posts you were describing trying to shoot down an aircraft in normal flight to refute the opposition, but you had ignored take-off. I fully agree that it is bull. I was just trying to broaden the spectrum.
I'm calling BULL on you too! The .50 BMG rifles were designed and released in the civilian sector LONG before the military ever showed interest in adopting them for their use. They were designed for long range target shooting by civilians, that's all they were made for. The military only started using them later on, well after they had an established following by civilian marksmen.  Then you don't knwo what the hell you are talking about. The first .50 BMG rifles were used during WWII and were made by rechambering the 13MM mauser anti tank rifle. The Us military also re-barreled a lot of Boyes .55 rifles to .50 BMG. In the korean war snipers were using both the PTRD and the re-barreled boyes as anti equipment rifles.   Going into the vietnam war there was discussion about producing a sniper rifel specifically for the .50 but it was scrapped as it was determined that the use of the .50 as an anti personnel round would be illegal.   I can only guess that you are making the rather idiotic assumption that the Barrett rifle was the first?
I can only guess that you are making the rather idiotic assumption that the Barrett rifle was the first?  It and the Armalite are the only ones on the chopping block for civilians, so they're the only ones I'm going to discuss.
It and the Armalite are the only ones on the chopping block for civilians, so they're the only ones I'm going to discuss.  So, in other words, you don't knwo what the hell you are talking about and you just got pwned.   If you are going to call bull on people, especially in such an "in your face" manner, you had better be sure you are right. You do not have enough posts here to have built up any credibility and doing things like that sure is not going to help you build any.
Speaking of higher caliber weapons, have you seen the new .460magnum snub-nose revolver from S&W?  It's a KILLER!! Ha Ha Ha!!!  LOL. Have not actually played with one yet, but it is on my list of "gotta see" for sure.  A buddy of mine has a .45/70 revolver. I shot it 4 or 5 times one afternoon and that was enough for one day...or one week...or possibly for the entire month. Typically heavy pistol recoil does not bother me all that much, BUT, there is "heavy pistol recoil" and then there is "holding a cannon in your hand". I had never actually experienced the second until that day.
A moderator on another board who was ex-army said you could shoot down a plane easily with a 50 caliber.  Single shot, multi-shot, full-auto, what platform? Be specific or don't talk.
A moderator on another board who was ex-army said you could shoot down a plane easily with a 50 caliber.  At least he said he is ex-military. If he was he was probably a cook. I have had more ex-military shovel more #### about arms it isn't even funny and most of what they have told me I proved to be bull %&*@. Usualy if someone tells you that they know something because they are ex-military it's usually horse %&*@.
I've shot a lot of trap, skeet, and informal clay pigeons, as well as AOL CDs that were thrown in the air. Out of all of them I've never been able to hit a single flying target with any of my rifles. That's why skeet is done with shotguns rather than rifles; you can't hit a target in motion in the air with a single projectile.
A moderator on another board who was ex-army said you could shoot down a plane easily with a 50 caliber.  What kind of plane?
50 cals would be ideal against an invasion or a gang riot.
In response to Brady's argument about an ex-military guy, well, here's something. Did you ever ask a soldier about their experiences in a war? Usually the most they'll say is "I was in the military". I talked to the mother of an Iraq veteran, and she said that the stories that vets have to tell are so emotional that it's too much emotional pressure for them to tell the tale. Usually if anyone brags about being a veteran, they are lying, or they didn't have one lick of combat experience nor did they lose any friends.
50 Cal even without armor piercing rounds can cut most cars in half with less than 50 round. One round will blow a person in half.  How would you know? Have you ever shot a 50 cal?
Of course it should be legal. Criminals don't want large, heavy, expensive, loud rifles with big bullets. They want something small, cheap, and quiet. And, the plane would have to be pretty damn low for it to be shot with a .50 cal. Also, the type of .50 cal matters a lot. A .50 Desert Eagle couldn't shoot down a plane if its life depended on it.
There seems to be a lot of misconceptions about the 50 bmg round. First, of all it would be nearly impossible to shoot down an airplane with a 50bmg semi auto rifle. You are talking about something that is moving in the air REALLY fast and throwing something at it? Think about it. Also most of the freight cargo trains that carry those gas tanks, etc are bullet proof. When I say that I mean that it would take at least a couple of shots to penetrate the armor around it, in the same place (that means you'd have to shoot the tank in the same exact place to penetrate it.) Even then the tank would no explode like you see in movies, that's just, well, plain bs. It doesn't happen. It would take a specific round and specific location to ignite a tank like that. People need to realize bullets are not magic and penetrate everything you shoot at. Also it depends on the shot place as well. I can tell you now, very, very VERY, few people can shoot and hit their target half a mile away. It takes a lot of practice, time, and skill to shoot that far. Besides, if a terrorist would want to bring down a plane the best way to do that would be using RPG's or simply hijacking the plane and crashing it like they did on 911.
No matter if they can hit airplanes or not they should not be legal under any circumstances. I'm in the Navy and my GQ station was gun mount 103 port bow on the USS Mesa Verde. Anyways, these guns are deadly just plain deadly. One round could tear an arm of a man even if the round was 3 feet away from him. It could put holes in destroyers hulls and shred people in a manner of seconds.  OH yes it does matter because the people trying to ban them are implying that they can bring down planes, pierce tankers, etc. Simply banning it because it can kill someone is ridiculous. If that is the case I'd suggest we start with alcohol, certain drugs, cars, and fast food since these have a larger effect on society. BTW, the rounds you use in the military are not the same as those available to civilians. Most likely you guys are using armor piercing rounds (with the black tips). There is no way in heck that a ball m2 50 bmg round can pierce a destroyer hull. No way.
That brings John McStain's Presidential campaign to a crashing halt.  Gen. Clark was right after all.emoticon_angry  As usual, your comment is emotional rather than intelligent, and off-topic. Typical.
We might have to restrict this topic to people who have personally witness a 50 cal CIVILIAN OWNED RIFLE in action. Not on video or movies...  Have you seen the recoil a person would feel after just one round?  Have you heard the sonic boom this thing makes?  50 rounds to split a car in half.... I would be surprised you still have a sholder left after shooting 50 rounds of an unmounted 50 cal rifle. For the Navy seamen (w/ the rainbow-urinating unicorn icon), the 50-cal you're experienced with is MOUNTED and an AUTOMATIC. Completely illegal to own by a civilian.  Hollywood makes sniping look so easy, it's not even funny.   For all you anti-gun folk, go to a range, rent a gun... shoot a couple of rounds ACCURATELY. Know thy enemy...
50 Cal even without armor piercing rounds can cut most cars in half with less than 50 round. One round will blow a person in half.  This says nothing by itself. Cars these days are easily crushable and hardly qualify as any kind of test bed, what with being made of tin or aluminum or fiberglass, or polymers anymore, not steel like they used to be. This statement amounts to claiming that you can cut a tomato soup can in half with 50 rounds of .22 rimfire ammunition.  Even if that were true, most .50 BMG rifles tend to be single shot in design. So to shoot it you need to: open the action, insert a fresh round, close the action, acquire the target, fire, open the action, eject the spent cartridge, repeat from step two and continue. By the time you've fired 50 shots it's gonna be close to half an hour before the car gets cut in half.
No matter if they can hit airplanes or not they should not be legal under any circumstances. I'm in the Navy and my GQ station was gun mount 103 port bow on the USS Mesa Verde.  And in the navy people tend to use turret mounted, fully-automatic heavy machineguns, that're absolutely illegal for civilian ownership. So that argument has just been shot down, now moving onto the next erroneous claim.   Anyways, these guns are deadly just plain deadly.   Dude, all guns are deadly. From the smallest of .17s to the biggest of .50s, all guns are deadly and can make you just as dead as the next one.  One round could tear an arm of a man even if the round was 3 feet away from him.   A lot of people who shoot the .50 BMG are within three feet of the muzzle, and they still have both of their arms.  It could put holes in destroyers hulls and shred people in a manner of seconds.  The navy must be using very poor quality ships if a simple rifle can defeat their armor plating, wouldn't you say? Obviously they've been allowed to fall into a state of disrepair from criminal neglect and whoever was in charge should be brought up on charges for indirect damage of government property.   Seriously, I don't see much point in trying to ban a single shot rifle just because it might be able to penetrate a destroyer's hull. Not like that makes any difference, a spot weld could easily patch it up in no time.
And in the navy people tend to use turret mounted, fully-automatic heavy machineguns, that're absolutely illegal for civilian ownership. So that argument has just been shot down, now moving onto the next erroneous claim..  I like your argument but you are wrong about fully-automatic heavy machineguns civilians can own them. They fall under NFA look it up.      Seriously, I don't see much point in trying to ban a single shot rifle just because it might be able to penetrate a destroyer's hull. Not like that makes any difference, a spot weld could easily patch it up in no time.  I find it highly unlikley that a 50 can penitrate a destroyers hull this ship is designed to go in to battle and to have a 50 penitrate the hull doesn't give it a high servivability rate. The old battle ships had 14" of armor plate I would think that a ship like that would have a hull thicker than the blade of a D8 bulldozer don't you?
I like your argument but you are wrong about fully-automatic heavy machineguns civilians can own them. They fall under NFA look it up.  Well yeah, we can buy the older models, but what're the chances of the modern navy still using the old models instead of trading up to the modern versions?
Regardless of the thickness and strength of an aircraft carrier's hull is irrelevant to the discussion. Even if it can be penetrated by the .50 BMG, it would take automatic fire to produce a hole large enough to be any serious threat. Otherwise you're just going to have a series of .05" holes that'll let a little water in and can easily be covered with a spot weld.
Well yeah, we can buy the older models, but what're the chances of the modern navy still using the old models instead of trading up to the modern versions?  The only difference between the old 50s and newer are the new have welded receivers instead of riveted and the barrel has a handle for changing a hot barrel. I believe that is the only real difference. Oh and they are a few pounds lighter.   Here is where I have an issue with the banning of the 50 cal round it is unnecessary 50's are not used in crimes. What those who want to ban 50's is about potential. The potential of a 50 is why they want it banned is this not correct? Not that they are used to commit crimes but that they have the potential to be devastating right. So does a tractor-trailer have the potential to be devastating. Is this what it's about?  Then you best look at men because they have a penis they have the potential to become a rapist. Don't forget the women too they have vaginas so there is a potential for prostitution, or home wrecking they are devastating to families are they not?  Is this any less ridiculous as trying to ban guns that are black because you can't see them at night? They should be painted bright colors I actually had someone say this to me. I said you know your right but don't stop at guns lets paint the black people bright colors too since they are black and you can't see them at night either right?
This discussion came up on another forum, with what appear to be some of the same participants. Here is a copy of the post I made on the subject.  Before ripping the original post to shreds, I must say that the gun control folks make it way to easy to counter their emotional remarks... While the .50BMG is capable of impressive accuracy at long range, it is not simply a matter of putting the cross hairs on a target and pulling the trigger. To understand this, we have to look at the nature of projectiles in free flight, more commonly know as the study of ballistics. A bullet in flight is constantly slowing down and being drawn by gravity towards the earth. The farther it travels, the slower it goes, the more profound the effect of gravity is. Thus the arc of a bullet in flight is a parabolic arc rather than a linear arc. This is why you have to either adjust sights or aim higher as you increase the distance to the target. Let's look at the trajectory of a typical military loading. The following data aplies to the M-2 military ball weighing 709 grains with a muzzle velocity of 2,850fps. Distances are listed in yards and bullet drop is listed in inches.  Distance to target / Bullet drop  100/ 0- this is the distance at which we have zeroed our sights meaning that point of aim=point of impact 200/ -4.8 300/ -14.6 400/ -30.2 500/ -52.2 600/ -81.2 700/ -118 800/ -162 900/ -218 1000/ -284  Now for wind...Just like distance to the target, any effects from wind drift will result in a parabolic arc as well, because the wind has a longer period of time to act on the bullet within a given distance as the bullet slows down. A 10mph crosswind requires 56 inches of correction for a target that is at 1000 yards. This is if the 10mph wind remains constant throughout the distance to the target, which is seldom the case. Everything from wind shifts to geographic features will cause the effect of wind to vary from the time the bullet is launched, to the time that it arrives at the target.  Moving targets...unfortunately bullets do not arrive at the target the instant we pull the trigger. The time of flight allows for a target to move out of the path of bullet. Let's assume a human target at walking speed of 2mph. A target at 1000 yards moving at 2mph would require you to lead the target by about 48 inches, or four feet. If we increase the speed of the target to 6mph our lead jumps to 144 inches! That's twelve feet!! And this is just for a target moving 6mph.  Using this new found knowledge, let's look at the possibility of hitting a moving commercial aircraft. A 737 on approach for landing travels at about 150mph. This is slower than climb out speed so I chose this scenario to give the best possible chances of actually hitting it. At this speed we would have to lead the target by more than 300 feet. We would also have to constantly calculate and update the distance to the plane during the time leading up to the shot and adjust our aiming point to accommodate the distance. Oh, and don't forget that the plane is also moving in the vertical plane at a rate of 700 to 1000 feet per minute to stay on the glide slope for landing, so we have to account for that too. And don't forget the effect of wind, once again acting to shape our trajectory in a parabolic arc that increases or decreases in radius relative to distance. Wow!!! THAT"S A LOT OF ON THE FLY CALCULATIONS!!!! What super computer did you say we were using to aim this thing?? Oh yea, this is also assuming that you could get within 1000 yards of the aircraft carrying a gun that is 5 feet long and weighs between 20 and forty pounds. Any doubt as to how ridiculous this claim is???  One round could tear an arm of a man even if the round was 3 feet away from him.   For this to be a possibility, it would have to be caused by the disruption of air around the bullet as a result of it's velocity. The simplest answer to this one is...If this were true, why does the same bullet at the same velocity punch nice clean holes in paper targets without tearing it to shreds?  It could put holes in destroyers hulls and shred people in a manner of seconds.   Even with armor piecing ammunition, the .50BMG penetrates only 1 inch of homogeneous armor plating from a distance of 200 yards. Having spent fiver years in the Navy, I can assure you that the armor plating on a destroyer is MUCH thicker than this.   well its still dangerous enough to kill people especially children   As was stated by others, any gun can be used to kill. The .50BMG less of a threat to chldren than many other things. The FBI Uniform crime reports show that in 2006, 126 infants under the age of 1 were murdered by what they term personal weapons (hands, feet, fists, ect.) I am only aware of one instance in which a .50 was used to murder someone in the U.S. That is not one time in 2006...That is one time period!!  The argument of "no legitimate sporting purpose" holds no water either. The .50 BMG is frequently used for both hunting and target applications. On top of that, our second amendment makes no stipulation that the right to keep and bear arms is dependent on "Sporting purpose". On the contrary, the second amendment was intended to insure that the people of this nation had the means to resist a tyranical government. Based on that premise, the .50BMG is perfectly legitimate.  By the way, I legally own three .50BMG guns...Two custom built target rifles and one belt fed, full auto M-2 (affectionately referred to as the Ma-duece).  Have a nice day...  JW
No matter if they can hit airplanes or not they should not be legal under any circumstances. I'm in the Navy and my GQ station was gun mount 103 port bow on the USS Mesa Verde. Anyways, these guns are deadly just plain deadly. One round could tear an arm of a man even if the round was 3 feet away from him. It could put holes in destroyers hulls and shred people in a manner of seconds.  What you dont realize is that a destroyer's hull is only roughly a half inch thick. We dont have armor piercing rounds their regular rounds. And I meant regardless of what people "think" they can hit it is still very very deadly.  Hi flyboy, welcome to the forum. We needed an informed opinion with first hand knowledge when dealing with questions about the capabilities of a weapon that so few civilians own or fire.. I also find it interesting that you focussed right in on jason's misrepresentations of the facts since he claimed to be a member of the military/Navy. I flinched when I read that a Destroyer had a half inch thick hull, but said nothing because I had no facts to rely on as evidence. Beside, it wasn't the issue of the debate. But your first hand experience offers facts and a realistic overview that clarifies how difficult it would be to make such a long distance on a fast moving target, no matter what its size.   [JASONS CLAIM] It could put holes in destroyers hulls and shred people in a manner of seconds.   [FLYBOYS RESPONSE] Even with armor piecing ammunition, the .50BMG penetrates only 1 inch of homogeneous armor plating from a distance of 200 yards. Having spent fiver years in the Navy, I can assure you that the armor plating on a destroyer is MUCH thicker than this. 
By the way, I legally own three .50BMG guns...Two custom built target rifles and one belt fed, full auto M-2 (affectionately referred to as the Ma-duece).  Weren't you at Knob Creek?
Thanks for the welcome, Archangel. As I stated in the previous post, they really do make it too easy sometimes. I have the benefit not only of prior military service, but have been a police officer for twelve years, and hold a class II manufacturers license (Full auto and destructive device, excluding explosives).  My current inventory is about 250 various full auto, suppressed, or otherwise interesting firearms. This does give me a bit of ammo (pardon the pun) when it comes to refuting ridiculous claims.  I operate a private business offering basic and advance instruction in the use of weapons to both civilian and LE. This instruction ranges from mild to wild depending on the need of the clients.   I started shooting competitively at the age of 14 and currently am involved in USPSA, cowboy action shooting, and long range .50 cal matches when I have the time.  JW
Flyboy, you debunked Jason, plain and simple. It's nice to know that we have someone on our side who actually knows what they're talking about.
Thanks for the welcome, Archangel. As I stated in the previous post, they really do make it too easy sometimes. I have the benefit not only of prior military service, but have been a police officer for twelve years, and hold a class II manufacturers license (Full auto and destructive device, excluding explosives).  My current inventory is about 250 various full auto, suppressed, or otherwise interesting firearms. This does give me a bit of ammo (pardon the pun) when it comes to refuting ridiculous claims.  I operate a private business offering basic and advance instruction in the use of weapons to both civilian and LE. This instruction ranges from mild to wild depending on the need of the clients.   I started shooting competitively at the age of 14 and currently am involved in USPSA, cowboy action shooting, and long range .50 cal matches when I have the time.  JW  WOW, that's quite a resume, and an inventory. You'll come in handy on these Gun Control debates where all types of hypotheticals come up. I hope you'll remain here at 4forums.
What you dont realize is that a destroyer's hull is only roughly a half inch thick. We dont have armor piercing rounds their regular rounds. And I meant regardless of what people "think" they can hit it is still very very deadly.  If that were true, then every crewman in the US navy would be dead if faced in battle.
Omegamon,   I have been to Knob Creek, but not in several years. I typically do not have the time with all that I have on my plate.   Ethmi,   While it may seem odd, the typical naval vessel is not terribly well armored. The heaviest armor runs from the deepest draft point on the hull (this varies by ship mass due to loading, so the armor is extended above the point at which the ship would sit lowest in the water) down to the keel. This is to protect against torpedo attack. the upper levels of the hull are actually much thinner to conserve weight. The hull is a double wall arrangement stiffened with strut structures called frames, and are even partitioned for storage of fuel oil, potable water, chill water and waste, as well as other commodities. The 'superstructure", those decks above the main weather deck or flight deck in the case of a carrier, are constructed from mild steel typically 3/16" thick. Armor is less necessary on the upper decks, because the threat is more likely to be a missile than bullets. I am pretty sure that all modern Naval vessels, with the exception of submarines, employ the CWIS defense system. This is a six barreled 20mm Gatling cannon that is aimed and fired through a radar fire control system. When a threat (missile, plane, ect.) is identified as a threat, the fire control system tracks the target, measuring mass, range, speed and rate of closure. When a firing solution is derived, the system fires 11mm depleted uranium sabot rounds driven by aluminum "pushers" at a rate of 4000 rounds per minute. The fire control system continues to fire until the mass of the target is reduced by a specific percentage, sorry, but I don't recall all of the particulars. Typically there are at least two CWIS mounts on board ship and the tracking system has the ability to track many inbound threats and engage them with blazing speed and deadly accuracy. Did I mention that my Primary rating in the Navy was as a Gunner's Mate? LOL  JW
Omegamon,   I have been to Knob Creek, but not in several years. I typically do not have the time with all that I have on my plate.  I knew that "Ma Deuce" sounded familiar.
I knew that "Ma Deuce" sounded familiar.  http://www.flickr.com/photos/23731845@N08/2728911494/sizes/l/
Who would Jesus shoot??  Why would Jesus need a gun? He's the son of God, He could easily rain down fire and brimstone on anyone like He did on Sodom and Gomorrah.
Unlike stupidity, ignorance is a curable disease, curable by knowledge.  Well that would explain why you seem to be incurable on the matter?
Listen emoticon_xclown, Sodom and Gomorrah were in the Old Testament.  Last time I checked, Jesus was in the New.  Are you really that ignorant?  Unlike stupidity, ignorance is a curable disease, curable by knowledge.  Ask your buddy Archie for the correct references.  Falsus in unam; falsus in omnibus!  Speak for yourself regarding biblical ignorance chester. Jesus is the word of God and therefore did call down the fire upon Sodom and Gomorra. Jesus Christ transcends Time and Space and is the God of the OT, just as He is the God of the NT.
Speaking of the need for education...  Why not read the song of Solomon and tell us that it was the divinely inspired word and work of Jesus.  Looks like he had his horny moments.  Shut up and get back on topic. This is discussion about the .50 caliber rifle and why it should be legal for civilian ownership, and why all those that fear it should go back to Britain where they belong.
How's this for getting back on the topic?  Sorry, Jack, I was "Born in the USA"; my parents were "Born in the USA", and I intend to stay here in my native country and work to take the guns from the hands of folks like you by working for a reasonable interpretation of 2A  The Supreme Court has already determined what qualifies as a "reasonable interpretation" of the Second Amendment, so you're stuck with it. They said you can't ban an entire class of firearms that're in common use, and big caliber rifles are in very common use for lawful purposes. And since no planes have ever been shot down by a .50 BMG, and there's high evidence to the contrary that supports that it's all but impossible, banning them would serve no purpose except prove that you're a gun hating liberal with an extreme case of hoplophobia, and not even the best psychiatrists in the world can help you.
Just remember that at one time, the American people were "stuck" with Plessey and Gobitis as well.  Times change, don't they?  So do the members of the Supreme Court.  And until such time that the Supreme Court sees fit to revisit the issue of the Second Amendment and overrule on Heller, you're stuck with the interpretation that we've currently got. Like it or lump it, there's nothing you can do about it until there actually is a change.
Be sure to give your guns a big fat kiss tonight before you go to bed tonight 'cuz guns did really good today.How ridiculous can one be?emoticon_rolleyes
Be sure to give your guns a big fat kiss tonight before you go to bed tonight 'cuz guns did really good today.  Erm... I hope you are being sarcastic here. (If not I'd have a few choice words for you because I have a friend in the Engineering building at VA Tech where the main shooting went on, and I haven't been able to get in touch with her so I don't even know if she is even alive or what)
who wants to bet that the firearm used in the tragedy was stolen?  who wants to bet that it was stolen from a incompetent gun owner who failed to properly secure his/her property?  Most likely it was (that or lifted from their parents gun collection).
Erm... I hope you are being sarcastic here. (If not I'd have a few choice words for you because I have a friend in the Engineering building at VA Tech where the main shooting went on, and I haven't been able to get in touch with her so I don't even know if she is even alive or what)It was sarcasm, for sure...based on the false assumption that the gun(s) acted on their own.  I hope you find your friend well.  who wants to bet that the firearm used in the tragedy was stolen?  who wants to bet that it was stolen from a incompetent gun owner who failed to properly secure his/her property?  Most likely it was (that or lifted from their parents gun collection).There's no telling where the gun came from. Albuquerque just recently went through a killing spree executed by a man who's had no history of violence..he used a gun he legally acquired years ago.  Guns are not the problem.
who wants to bet that the firearm used in the tragedy was stolen?  who wants to bet that it was stolen from a incompetent gun owner who failed to properly secure his/her property?  Quesion: Does having that firearm in a locked house constitute improper security?
It was sarcasm, for sure...based on the false assumption that the gun(s) acted on their own. Alright. I figured so, but I guess me recent debates with Archangel have caused my sarcasm-detector to be unreliable. ;)   I hope you find your friend well.  Thanks. I hope so as well.   There's no telling where the gun came from. Albuquerque just recently went through a killing spree executed by a man who's had no history of violence..he used a gun he legally acquired years ago.  Guns are not the problem.   Agreed. I think it is the people that are the problem (including those who don't secure their weapons properly, making it a cinch for them to be stolen and wielded in a case like this - but also, as you said, sometimes by people who legally acquired their guns).
  GUNS KILL THEIR ONLY PURPOSE IS TO KILL AND KILL THEY DO  Welp, next time a 'dingo eats a baby' I'm sure a stern warning and hurled insults will be more than enough to chase it off and preventing it from eating another.
I am being sarcastic.  Only cowards have to have guns. I loathe the things.  I figured so - my arguments with Archangel have affected my sarcasm-detecting skills.  Shadow, I hope that your person is safe.    Thanks. I actually got hold of her about a half-hour ago - she was shaken up, but the shooter never came to where she was.
Be sure to give your guns a big fat kiss tonight before you go to bed tonight 'cuz guns did really good today.  Actually, they didn't. The whole tragedy was caused by gun control. If even one student was packing when that occured, 33 lives could have been saved. But no, more victims of botched laws and corrupt politicians.
After the Port Arthur massacre where 75 people were shot death. Our government bought back the guns in private hands and practically banned gun ownership. Problem solved. I know I k now:   Guns don't kill, people do  If every student had packed an assault rifle, a grenade launcher, several thousands rounds of ammunition etc this tragedy would not have happened  We need guns to protect us from people with  If the shooter had not had a gun he would have used a knife, and ax or a stone and killed maybe even more people  Feel free to add to this list on totally deranged justification for owning guns.  GUNS KILL THEIR ONLY PURPOSE IS TO KILL AND KILL THEY DO  A gun's purpose is irrelevant. A gun would've saved 33 people.
GUNS KILL THEIR ONLY PURPOSE IS TO KILL AND KILL THEY DO A gun is simply a tool. It is the person weilding it that makes it use good or bad. My 3 handguns have had probably 10's of thousands of rounds of ammo down the pipe, and I have yet to once kill ANYTHING with one of them.
jim's trucking, true there will always be cases of legal weapons used in crimes. However, the vast majority of firearm crimes are with illegally obtained firearms. Going with the statistics, I'm willing to bet the weapon used was not legit. Keep in mind that we are not talking about 2 crackheads in Philly blasting away at each other...yes...they are more than likely carrying illegaly obtained firearms, and carrying them without a permit. For all we know, the shooter may have legally obtained these guns, even if his intentions at time of purchase were to commit this crime. We need to wait and see how this shakes out, because it could probably go either way.   I agree, it's not guns that are the problem, it's not even people for the most part, it's the supply and distribution chain  This I can partially agree with. A blind eye is often turned by some gun shop owners and even gun manufacturers when it comes to making money.
Be sure to give your guns a big fat kiss tonight before you go to bed tonight 'cuz guns did really good today. Apparently you fail to see the bigger picture here. If the students were armed the killer wouldn't have been able to take out so many students.  Last year a bill was defeated that would have allowed VT students (their constitutional right) to carry guns.  All those kids would be alive today if it weren't for the anti-gun lobby.
I am being sarcastic.  Only cowards have to have guns. I loathe the things. I guess the guys that fought and beat the mighty British Empire and that founded the country that you live in were cowards.  It's truly amazing to see that someone who loathes Bush can't see the connection between the 2nd amendment and protection against dictatorship.
I think alot less would have died but thanks to this it was easy for the nut to go and kill when he knew his victims were unarmed and defenseless.  "Roanoke Times article of 1/31/2006:   "A bill that would have given college students and employees the right to carry handguns on campus died with nary a shot being fired in the General Assembly.   "House Bill 1572 didn't get through the House Committee on Militia, Police and Public Safety. It died Monday in the subcommittee stage, the first of several hurdles bills must overcome before becoming laws.   "The bill was proposed by Del. Todd Gilbert, R-Shenandoah County, on behalf of the Virginia Citizens Defense League. Gilbert was unavailable Monday and spokesman Gary Frink would not comment on the bill's defeat other than to say the issue was dead for this General Assembly session.   "Virginia Tech spokesman Larry Hincker was happy to hear the bill was defeated. 'I'm sure the university community is appreciative of the General Assembly's actions because this will help parents, students, faculty and visitors feel safe on our campus.' "  source: http://www.roanoke.com/news/roanoke/wb/wb/xp-50658
the purpose of a 'tool' called gun is to kill. Killers use those 'tools'.  without 'tools' the 'tradesman' at Virginia Tech couldn't have done any 'work' today.  Yeah! I would feel real safe to know that every person I pass by on the street, or knock at my door is armed to the teeth. I would feel so safe you wouldn't believe it. And what's to stop a nutball from using for example his car as a deadly weapon? It's actually quite easy to "Grand Theft Auto" a couple of hundred pedestrians. Should cars be illegal too?  Instead of focusing on the tool that the killer used, it's much more important to figure out why this guy thought it was necessary to kill 30+ people. This way we might prevent such a disaster from happening in the first place.  And I sincerely doubt that taking away all guns will stop people from doing these kinds of things. Maybe they'll do a GTA, go on a stabbing spree or just buy diesel fuel and fertiliser and put on a really big show.
And what's to stop a nutball from using for example his car as a deadly weapon? It's actually quite easy to "Grand Theft Auto" a couple of hundred pedestrians. Should cars be illegal too?  Instead of focusing on the tool that the killer used, it's much more important to figure out why this guy thought it was necessary to kill 30+ people. This way we might prevent such a disaster from happening in the first place.  And I sincerely doubt that taking away all guns will stop people from doing these kinds of things. Maybe they'll do a GTA, go on a stabbing spree or just buy diesel fuel and fertiliser and put on a really big show.  If gun ownership was banned in America, the only consequence would be that only criminals who don't respect the law anyway would possess guns which would further victimize the honest citizens who would then be completely defenseless.  Currently, even armed criminals must wonder and worry about how many armed citizens will be present at the scene of their crime. If guns were banned, that concern would go with it.  The problem we face is controlling the people who will use guns as this student did, as a weapon for revenge or to vindictively punish Society at large or someone else they believe has wronged them. I maintain that Guns don't kill people, people kill people with guns.
were any dingos at the Virginia Tech ?  The vast majority of people use guns for hunting... Not many things can get rid of that dingo (that's eatting your baby) as easily as a tool known as a gun can.  Firearms protected my goats and cattle from wild dogs.  @Simone, do you even know what a Militia is? According to codes, it's ALL males 18+.  I'm techinically part of a militia emoticon_rolleyes
Here we are facing a tragedy involving 33 dead and 27 wounded young people and their families.  Comments, criticisms and other, at this point irrelevant remarks.  Not one single word of compassion or expression of condolence or sorrow.  How sad!  If this were a condolence thread, you would have a good point. But this thread was started to discuss the gun issue. A condolence thread is a good idea though. I must also assume that everyone who would pray for the victims and their families has done that already.
I was not speaking for the militia nor was I speaking for those who defend nations.   Careful reading of the Second Amendment clearly indicates that the principle of gun ownership is based upon the first phrase of the Amendment: Now let's say for a second that I agree with your interpretation of the 2nd Amendment (I don't, but it's not relevant at this time). What would be the purpose of the militia? Would it be to protect the people from agressors, both foreign and domestic? If so, then people would still need the guns. And who defines what constitutes a well regulated militia? Because it can be argued that a single person in Fecestown, USA who is a responsible gun owner and an well informed citizen could qualify as the militia in his area.  Fact is that the Founding Fathers thought it was a good idea to have an armed population. The main reason being to protect yourself from a) your own government and b) any foreign government. You see, the Founding Fathers knew that if all the people in the US were armed, then no foreign power could ever invade a country the size of the US. Look at the toll that the Iraqi insurgents claim on the US army. Now multiply that by 10, replace "Iraqi insurgents" with "US citizens" and replace "US Army" with "foreign invader". Not even the Chinese with their 1.5 bilion people would be able to take and hold the US.
Here we are facing a tragedy involving 33 dead and 27 wounded young people and their families.  Comments, criticisms and other, at this point irrelevant remarks.  Not one single word of compassion or expression of condolence or sorrow.  How sad! The condolence thread is posted in another part of the forum. This thread is about gun control.
Just imagine if a potential mass killer who was planning an attack in a public place be it a Restaurant, Classroom, Church or City Hall, had to consider the reality that at least 10% of the people he confronted would also be armed. He would realize he would get a couple of shots off at best before he was taken out too. It would put a big dent in ones desire to go hunting for humans I suspect, and may just motivate such people to turn the gun on themselves to commit the suicide they now commit anyway after their mass killing sprees.
You fooled me.  I read both. The only one who expressed compassion was Big Bear Scot.  Maybe I have to learn to read between the lines.  Hmmm, have you expressed concern and sympathy?  Other than the belly aching and finger pointing...
Guns Used seem to be a .22 cal hand gun and a 9mm hand gun by a Korean student (23) here on a student visa. IIRC, it's illegal for him to own such items. Furthermore, VA. Tech has a gun ban.  Nice to know that bans work.   Not.
After the Port Arthur massacre where 75 people were shot death. Our government bought back the guns in private hands and practically banned gun ownership. Problem solved. I know I k now:   Guns don't kill, people do  If every student had packed an assault rifle, a grenade launcher, several thousands rounds of ammunition etc this tragedy would not have happened  We need guns to protect us from people with  If the shooter had not had a gun he would have used a knife, and ax or a stone and killed maybe even more people  Feel free to add to this list on totally deranged justification for owning guns.  GUNS KILL THEIR ONLY PURPOSE IS TO KILL AND KILL THEY DOWhat might be the evidence to show that removing guns from law-abiding public hands decreases firearms crimes? Did the outlaws turn in their guns? Is there armed robbery in Australia?  Last I heard it (firearms crime rate) was up 20% in the land down under. That happens when criminals know they are unlikely to encounter armed resistance. The shooter at VT knew the rules...NO FIREARMS ON CAMPUS!!!...in the midst of a land in which firearms can be freely carried.
the purpose of a 'tool' called gun is to kill. Killers use those 'tools'.  without 'tools' the 'tradesman' at Virginia Tech couldn't have done any 'work' today. Sure he could have. If you gave me some time, I could make a bomb out of what I have under my kitchen sink. Information on how to do such things is readily accessible. If you want to kill 32 people, you do not need a gun.  Yeah! I would feel real safe to know that every person I pass by on the street, or knock at my door is armed to the teeth. I would feel so safe you wouldn't believe it. That's the first logical thing you have said. I would feel safe too.   By the way do you think that children should pack guns at 5 years of age or maybe younger?emoticon_xdonno No, I don't. That is an absurd question.
I am being sarcastic.  Only cowards have to have guns. I loathe the things.  Yes...cowardly weenie people like navy seals...delta force...the FBIs HRT. What a bunch of wimps.   You need to do a little more research on this, Simone. Every study I have ever seen on the subject shows the exact opposite...gun owners tend to be confident, self assured individuals who are confident in their ability to handle adverse situations. Anti gunners, on the other hand, tend to be afraid of crime, afraid of their fellow human beings, and doubt thier ability to handle adverse situations.  Course, I don't know that we really need a study to tell us that. It is a simple logical exercise to come to the same conclusion...and frankly it is the only logical one that can be drawn.   I personally feel sorry for most anti gunners. It must be horrible to live in such fear of the people around you and have so little confidence in your ability to handle problems that may arise on your own. I cannot even imagine living like that.   I was coming back fron denver one time with a guy from work. We had gone out there for a trade show and driven because we had a bunch of stuff we had to take with us. We were coming back on I-70 and it was getting dark and we came up on a minivan that was having problems. Dad was rooting around under the hood while mom and two fo the kids sat on the embankment well back from the road. I pulled over and backed up to see if I could help and the guys I worked with went ballistic.  "What the hell are you doing?? That could be a crazed killer back there!!"  I briefly wondered if maybe it was time for a drug screen for my valued employee. What kind of crazed killer takes his wife and kids with him in a minivan on his killing sprees?   It turned out that the alternator in the van had gone out, and probably some time before. I gave them a jump and followed them until their vehicle stopped again, then gave them another jump. We did that abot 4 times before we got to a town big enough to have an auto parts store. Then I helped the guy put the new alternator on because he didn't have any tools and I alwasy carry a small tool kit in my vehicles.  Every time I got out of the truck, that other guy locked the doors behind me. He refused to get out when that family was anywhere in view. He was just sure that it was all a ruse to get us alone so they could kill us.   What kind of way is that to live, and what kind of society can you possibly have that is worth living in when people are so afraid of everybody else that they will leave a family stranded on the side of the highway rather than help them out?   I do not envy you, simone. I can not imagine how terrifying it must be to be constantly afraid of everybody around you and to be constanly in fear for your life. I don't know if maybe there is some medication you could take or something but you might look into that. The world is a lot better place once you realize that not everybody is a crazed killing machine. Some people are actually good folks. That family by the minivan may just be a family on vacation with broken down car. The fact that a crazed killer once used such a ruse does not indicate that EVERYBODY with bad luck on the road is a crazed killer.
I posted in another thread but I will repost it here as I feel it is more relevant here  I guess it is probably a cultural thing, but instinctively when I hear about a shooting I think guns should be restricted. Please note that I live in the Scotland and I have not been brought with idea that the ownership of gun is a right for each citizen. It is hard for me to say guns should be restricted especially my personal political views on Individual Freedoms, but like everything there is a balance between personal freedom and collective freedom.  In saying that we don't know the facts of this shooting, we do not know if it was illegal or a legal firearm.  Now my opinion hasn't changed much but I admit that to restrict firearms in the US would be a mistake, guns are already very widely available and to ban these guns would only hurt the Law abiding citizen.  That Law abiding citizen would probably hand in their weapon if there was a ban but criminals would not. You would end up with populace unable to defend themselves against criminals who are still armed.
Now my opinion hasn't changed much but I admit that to restrict firearms in the US would be a mistake, guns are already very widely available and to ban these guns would only hurt the Law abiding citizen.  That Law abiding citizen would probably hand in their weapon if there was a ban but criminals would not. You would end up with populace unable to defend themselves against criminals who are still armed. How is the situation in the US any different from the situation here in Europe? Last time I checked the law abiding citizens here don't have guns and the criminals do. Ever since the end of the Bosnian civil war, there has been a massive influx of leftover weapons here in Holland. This has had a devastating effect on public safety. For example, I live in a reasonably wealthy suburb of Amsterdam and nothing ever happened around here (which is the reason why I live here). But a while back we had our first a driveby-style execution on frigging main street. And the Palace of Justice was recently shot at by multiple RPG's(!).  Naturally the police can't do anything about it because they are only a reactionary force and are never pro-active. Only an armed citizenry can protect society from harm. In the above-mentioned examples the criminals would probably still have managed to get their shots off, but if they were surrounded by armed citizens then maybe a) they wouldn't have gotten away and b) they would maybe even have contemplated not to commit the crime at all. Armed citizens are a deterrent.
How is the situation in the US any different from the situation here in Europe?   I am not sure what is like in Holland, but gun crime in Scotland is fairly rare. I don't need a gun to protect myself because I feel safe in Glasgow.   In the above-mentioned examples the criminals would probably still have managed to get their shots off, but if they were surrounded by armed citizens then maybe a) they wouldn't have gotten away and b) they would maybe even have contemplated not to commit the crime at all. Armed citizens are a deterrent.  That assumes that an armed citizen can actually use the weapon, an untrained citizen who is armed is just as dangerous as a criminal with a firearm.  To a certain extent I see your point of view, to the criminal the possiblity of an armed citizen could be a deterent.
I am not sure what is like in Holland, but gun crime in Scotland is fairly rare. I don't need a gun to protect myself because I feel safe in Glasgow.With a population of just over 5 milliion (about one fifty-sixth that of the US) and an area of just over 30,000 square miles (about one one-hundred sixteenth that of the US) the two are hardly comparable. Factoring in the history of each as related to guns, makes Scotland even less similar.    That assumes that an armed citizen can actually use the weapon, an untrained citizen who is armed is just as dangerous as a criminal with a firearm.Quite true...as is the danger of inadequately trained police rookies. The operative word is training...applied education regarding the use of the weapon.    To a certain extent I see your point of view, to the criminal the possiblity of an armed citizen could be a deterent.I think it's a certainty.
I don't think the gun is actually the problem in the US, if we look at stats around the World there a lot of Countries that have a larger percentage of Gun owners but have no where near the same rate of Gun crime. I have heard Canada and Switzerland has a higher percentage of gun owners than the US but no where near the same amount fire arm incidents, I think Michael Moore made that point in Bowling for Columbine.  I don't know if these will be helpful to debate, but I'll post them anyway  http://www.nationmaster.com/graph/cri_mur_percap-crime-murders-per-capita http://www.nationmaster.com/graph/cri_mur_wit_fir_percap-crime-murders-firearms-per-capita  Could it be the culture of violence in US that causes the problem ?
I'll be a monkey's uncle. The gun was legal. Yep, surprised me too.  Still it doesn't change the fact that anti-gun laws only effect law abiding citizens and not criminals.  Could it be the culture of violence in US that causes the problem ? I'd say it's a culture of violence derived from fear. But you can't really blame the people for that. I was in the US a while back and this basically confirmed my thoughts about the people. Americans are friendly and decent but also ignorant people, and combined with the utter fearmongering garbage that's on TV over there this results in a society of fear and violence.
Review of the "Big Bear" tables suggest that the information is either incorrect or not drawn from the same source. The first table represents total murders per capita. The second represents firearm related murders per capital. One would presume then that since firearm murders are a portion of total murders, the former must be smaller than the latter.  That is not so here. Total murders per 1,000 people in South America is listed as .496 per 1,000 whereas the number of murders per firearm is listed as .720 per 1,000. This indicates to me that one or both of the studies is flawed, or that they are not derived from the same data. In either case, We cannot rely upon the information provided.
I don't think the gun is actually the problem in the US, if we look at stats around the World there a lot of Countries that have a larger percentage of Gun owners but have no where near the same rate of Gun crime. I have heard Canada and Switzerland has a higher percentage of gun owners than the US but no where near the same amount fire arm incidents, I think Michael Moore made that point in Bowling for Columbine.  I don't know if these will be helpful to debate, but I'll post them anyway  http://www.nationmaster.com/graph/cri_mur_percap-crime-murders-per-capita http://www.nationmaster.com/graph/cri_mur_wit_fir_percap-crime-murders-firearms-per-capita  Could it be the culture of violence in US that causes the problem ?  Also note, criminals tend to often pop up when it's hotter outside and in diverse environments where some elements just can't (or won't) adapt. More so when alcohol is added to the mix and impoverishment.  From what I gather from covering Canadian news at times, there are shootings and such just not on the level of America. The climates tend to be colder, who wants to go out looking for trouble unless they have too?  Personally, I doubt it's anything akin to a 'culture of violence'. Most European countries are plenty violent and crime ridden. I wouldn't trust the alcoholics with guns either and if I was Big Brother, I'd have institutionalized anti-private ownership of weapons beliefs a very long time ago...like when there were massive numbers of peasants and serfs lorded over by a ruling elite.  Nah, you don't need guns for anything. The Masters of the land will chase the wild beasties off with their pure breed hounds, flushers and artistically rendered weaponry whilst straddled atop their stallions. The serfs can cower in their hovels.  Over here however, we needed weaponry to protect all of out precious resources from foreigners...and the indigenous peoples were were taking them from. Self determination was placed in the hands of the people with a modicrum of military might (that won by luck alone more often than not) to form posses and militias to go do fightin' when it was deemed needed.  Furthermore, wars we've seen have been opprotinities where a citizen owned gun could affect a difference. Wars you've recently seen...having one would be more like spitting in the wind. We also have plenty of space for storage of our weaponry. I'm sure you could use a rifle as a hanger rod in the closet or as a hat rack...but that kind of defeats the purpose. Me, I have a firing range in my home...it was built on a sacred Indian burial site...   I could ramble on. There are plenty of differences between all peoples, even those who share similar customs and languages. Even in America, there are regions that don't even remotely resemble one another.    I too was surprised when I heard the shooter had a receipt for one of his guns on him. I'd be curious when he bought it. I was under the impression that even legal aliens couldn't own a fire arm.  Still beside the point that the campus had a gun ban.
I too was surprised when I heard the shooter had a receipt for one of his guns on him. I'd be curious when he bought it. I was under the impression that even legal aliens couldn't own a fire arm.  No. He has a green card, which makes him a legal permanent resident of the US, and as such he is entitled to buy a gun.
Hello I'm new here.   Hi there, nice to meet you all. I'm new here.   Now lets get into the meat of it shall we... emoticon_xkill   There is not one person out there that can make an intelligent remark about Gun Control in the aspect that banning guns or stricter laws would have prevented the VT massacre. I'm sorry folks your little dream world of rainbows and glitter is as silly your opinion on this matter.   Take a look at the facts of the issue:   1:) Nature Finds a way: An Intelligent person determined to do a great deal of damage will find a way. If not with a gun then with a bomb, or with a sword, or with a pointy stick. I mean for crying out loud the 9-11 attacks were accomplished with BOXCUTTERS!!!. The argument that less damage would be caused if there were no guns holds no water at all.   2:) The guns purchased in the attack were Purchased Legally  Meaning that the gunman bought his weapons legally. They were not stolen from someone who didn't put them in a safe. Just because it was a "School Shooting" people tend to assume the gunman acquired the weapons through some gap in the law that needs to be closed. This was at a College. Most people there are old enough to have guns legally. People need to consider things like this before jumping to conclusions. As for his ability to get the weapons he used being the cause? See point #1.   3:) Banning Guns in Australia made everything better Wake up people... The statistics show that after that Ban in Australia Violent Crime Skyrocketed. Violent Home invasions going up by some horrible figure.   4:) Why does this seem to happen at schools more then other environments? The brutal truth is that for someone looking for a nice body count a school is an ideal target. Schools are the ultimate sheep flock for a wolf with a taste for lamb chops. Most Schools are absolute Gun Free Zones with little to nothing to protect themselves with. Classrooms with only 1 way in and out most times. Like shooting fish in a barrel. Seriously a school or campus is the place where anyone looking to go on a rampage would expect to find the lease resistance. They figure that is the place they can do the most damage before being stopped, and sadly it's true. I'm not saying that Students in High schools should be packing. But maybe some of the Teachers should be. In College everyone is an adult for the most part and or legal age to carry a weapon. That 2nd amendment right should not be infringed. If it had not been there might be 30+ less victims today.    5:) 1 honest and brave person with a gun can save as many lives in a place like that as a 1 dishonest one can take.  Image if even 1 or 2 of the students in the room had a weapon for self defense. The gunman would have only been able to get a few shots off before he caught return fire. There exists a good chance that no one would have died at all even. The gunman could have gotten wounded and his targets might have only caught non life threatening wounds. Had there been someone with the means to defend them we could be looking at 0-3 dead instead of 33. Imagine if all of them were carying heat. There woulda been nothing left of the gunman but a twitching pile of meat before he even had a chance to do any damage.   6:) There is no such thing as Banning all Guns This point has been made so many times by so many people with such solid evidence to back it up that it should be a law of physics by now. Best example I've seen to back it up is a Prison Museum I saw once on Discovery. There was a semi-automatic pistol on display that a prisoner made from plumbing pipes and utensils. And it worked. If a prisoner in a high security jail can construct a firearm then it can certainly be done by anyone in the country with a bit of tinkering skills. Banning Guns makes it so only criminals have them and the rest of us are just hostages.    I could go on forever here.... Only 2 types of people that agree with Gun Control or Banning. Criminals and People who have no idea what they are talking about.
Welcome to the fray. I can't imagine that you could have made a better entrance. I do not disagree with a thing you have said. My compliments.
Shooter, so a cop is reporting to the scene and there you are packing a gun.  How is the cop to know you're not the shooter?  Because hopefully you're going to shoot the guy, drop your gun, and put your hands out, not run around in circles waving it like a maniac for a a couple of minutes.
Careful reading of the Second Amendment clearly indicates that the principle of gun ownership is based upon the first phrase of the Amendment:  "A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free State"  Simone, we are the militia. It doesn't say the army or the navy or the cops. It says a well regulated militia. And, I don't know how clear the amendment can be.  "THE RIGHT OF THE PEOPLE TO KEEP AND BEAR ARMS SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED"
My friends, there will be a time to bring this event to the floor for evaluation in the gun control debate, but I submit that the time is not now. Now is the time to mourn what has happened, and to await the answers law enforcement can bring us for how and why this happened that will enable us to have a rational discussion of this tragedy. I know there are people in the world for whom the temptation of political opportunism is so great that they are capable of walking through fresh blood to mount their soap box, but I would be ashamed to be thought of as one of them.  From my reading of the events that have happened in the US it seems that all groups are trying to make political capital out of this.   You have the anti-gun crowd asking for more laws to control weapons, you have the pro-gun crowd saying that more guns are needed to protect ourselves from incidents such as this, then you have the crazies who are blaming immigration and even Video Games.  There is a time and place where you guys need to ask why it happens, if you do not understand why this happens you will see more incidents like this.  There are so many strands to this debate, people who blame the gun have to realise that other Countries that have the same lax gun laws do not have these same incidents. It is something else that is the problem in the US, something intangible, hard to define. There is no quick fix to the problem, banning firearms is not the answer. Firearms are not the cause of the problem there are just a means to the end in an incident such as this.
 There is a time and place where you guys need to ask why it happens, if you do not understand why this happens you will see more incidents like this.    The reason why this atrocity happened is because in a free society mayhem is just around the corner at all times, and evil is ubiquitous.  American society isn't especially liable to incite this sort of horrifying event.   James.
no guns, no shootings!!  Does it get any simpler?  emoticon_xkill  Actually your posts are providing increasing evidence for just how simple folks can get.
no guns, no shootings!!  Does it get any simpler?  emoticon_xkill Please be sure to give that message to all the criminals out there. We wouldn't like to have the situation where all the law abiding citizens got rid of their guns and the criminals kept them, would we?
Sadly, I heard that just last year a referendum was shot down that would have allowed some concealed carry of firearms to be allowed on Virginia Tech's campus by students old enough to carry. I can't help but wonder how differently this would have turned out if some of the victims or others in the building had been able to shoot back by being armed.
no guns, no shootings!!  Does it get any simpler?   WOW... you nailed it buddy. If there are no guns that noone can shoot anyone else. They'll just have to find annother way it would seem. Blowing people up seems to be a good alternative. Or go to town with a sword. How's about poisoning. Maybe a supersoaker filled with hydrochloric acid.   Point is... Guns are not the problem. There will always be weapons that can do allot of damage that are either available to people or able to be crafted by people.   You seem to forget that a smart person can do just about anything they put their mind to. But I suppose you would have to be one to know that.
Welcome to the fray. I can't imagine that you could have made a better entrance. I do not disagree with a thing you have said. My compliments.  Thanks :)   Noone has of yet quoted or attacked that little writeup I made. That dosn't suprise me though. Make a good point that people don't want to hear and they pretend it does not exist.
WOW... you nailed it buddy. If there are no guns that noone can shoot anyone else. They'll just have to find annother way it would seem. Blowing people up seems to be a good alternative. Or go to town with a sword. How's about poisoning. Maybe a supersoaker filled with hydrochloric acid.  I'd say we start using this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgiUSEpg8Xc
If the shooter turns out to have been a madman (and it appears that he was being treated for depression), then it would not have been possible for any of his victims to stop the massacre by reasoning with him. Obviously, had some of the students on the campus been armed, it's probable that many lives would have been saved.  Knowledge that some people may be armed might not of course be a deterrent to a madman intent on mass murder. But that is not a good reason to deprive people of self protection by lethal means if necessary.   James.
well, it seems that even the simplest of messages failed to penetrate some thick (sick) skulls: without guns you can not shoot and kill anybody.  Civilized remove all guns from circulation and do their utmost to also make gus unavailable to criminals and it works.  only insecure, paranoid people with and inferiority complex need guns as a security blanket. Grow up! Apparently you failed to realize that mankind has existed before we had guns. We used sword, knives and other assorted items to kill our fellow man back then.  You somehow seem to think that getting rid of guns will stop people from killing each other. History and reality has proven you wrong.  I mean honestly, how gullible do you have to be to think that you can just rid the planet of guns?
well, it seems that even the simplest of messages failed to penetrate some thick (sick) skulls: without guns you can not shoot and kill anybody.  Civilized remove all guns from circulation and do their utmost to also make gus unavailable to criminals and it works.  only insecure, paranoid people with and inferiority complex need guns as a security blanket. Grow up!  Oh Wow!   I don't even think I have to say anything here.   But I will... cause I find it entertaining to smash the crazy delusions of the simple minded.   Just how do you propose "Removing All Guns"   Do you have any idea how easy it is for someone with a little bit of tinkering skill to make a gun and ammo for it.   Seriously... it isn't brain surgery.   Someone could put together a fully automatic greesegun over the weekend from spare plumbing parts. Mix up some black powder and cast some bullets and caseings.   Guns are not something that magically came out of the sky ya know. People have been making them for hundreds of years.   So if you cannot get anything else into your head then try to absorb this simple fact:   "THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS REMOVING ALL GUNS FROM THE WORLD!!!"  As long as something is in demand in any way there will always be a supply.   So before you make any more pointless statements try and consider that simple fact before you do. You will find that it changes the game a bit.
I propose a ban on all student visas so this sort of thing will never happen again  BUT....we have had previous shooting rampages that did not involve anybody with a student visa.  You have to be logical about these things. What is the one thing that all those folks had in common? They were all lunatics. Think about it. Those guys were all crazier than a bunch of shithouse rats.   All we have to do is outlaw lunacy. Then there will be no lunatics and therefore no more shooting sprees.  As an alternative we could just register all lunatics. Then we would be able to track them and keep them in line.
well, it seems that even the simplest of messages failed to penetrate some thick (sick) skulls: without guns you can not shoot and kill anybody. Yeah, like the guy running from classroom to classroom killing at will. You think banning guns will prevent criminals from getting them? I was going to say that you live in your own little world, but then I realized the sad reality was that you are in this world stealing my oxygen.   Civilized remove all guns from circulation and do their utmost to also make gus unavailable to criminals and it works. What? Either try that again, or find someone who can translate.  only insecure, paranoid people with and inferiority complex need guns as a security blanket. Grow up! I kinda thought that the insecure, paranoid people were the ones who were afraid to step up and take responsibility for their own safety and security. I don't need to carry a gun, I could just roll over and die like so many others when faced with an assailant intent on killing me. I choose however to take responsibility for my safety and security, and as such, want to carry a gun. There is a difference.
Very interesting. I wonder how the people who claim that gun laws have no effect on criminal behaviour explain the much lower rates of criminal gun use in other nations. It seems that pro-gun theory would predict that this would not be so since gun advocates claim that guns laws will never affect criminal behaviour. If gun laws actually affect criminal behaviour then there should be a statistical correlation between legal gun ownership and increase in gun crimes. And to put it bluntly, there isn't. How else do you explain the fact that many countries where guns are illegal rank higher on the gun death list than countries where guns are legal? Canada, Switzerland, Finland and scores of other countries allow for legal gun ownership but don't have a higher number of gun deaths than countries where guns are illegal.
None of the four graphs display either the overall homicide or suicide rate as you claim. They display the gun or non-gun homicide and suicide rates separately.   Like I said... go back to school and learn how to read statistics.   Since you seem to lack the ability to add and see the final numbers...   The report you posted has also been reference as being bias and bogus in it's conclusions.   let quote annother writeup here that references that report.   SUMMARY: The international comparisons are completely bogus because they selectively address only a few countries, because they ignore the many significant differences between the countries, and because they ignore the fact that some of the countries had still lower death rates in the past when they had more firearms. Firearm injury death rates in the different states, and percentages of deaths that involve firearms, are irrelevant because there is no reason to think that death rates (overall) go down just because firearm death rates go down. It is entirely possible that anything that causes firearm death rates to drop might also cause overall death rates to rise. Focusing on firearm deaths is just a gun controller way to sway the uninformed by impressing them with numbers and taking advantage of their inability to understand statistical information. Even if firearm death rates were accepted as a valid measure of violence, the firearm death rate history for the decade preceding the report does not consistently support the claims made in the press release (for the three states for which GunsAndCrime.org has been able to find information about effectivity of laws and amendments that were claimed to have reduced firearm deaths).   Reference = gunsandcrime.org
It's you that needs to learn how to read statistics if you can't see that none of the graphs displays the overall suicide and homicide rates. You are both unable to answer my questions and are unable to be consistent in your own logic. First you say that it backs up the pro-gun standpoint and then you claim it is biased and bogus.  1 + 1 = 2 thats how you get the overall statistic. Go back to gradeschool even.   The statistical data backs up the pro-gun argument while the interpritation offered by the writer is bias and bogus.
Because interpritation of the big picture shows that overall violence has increced as a result of the Ban and people being unable to defend themselves from people who know they cannot defend themselves.
Given... Mistake on my part I got the PDF's mixed up.   It refers to This Report http://www.aic.gov.au/publications/rpp/04/RPP04.pdf  which also referenced in the Report you referenced
I believe the idea was this, and be ready for it, because this might be controversial..... that security should be provided by trained "law enforcement" bodies, not Mr. and Mrs. Citizen who know a bad guy when they see one.   The problem with this line of thinking lies in the fact that you think the police stop crime. They don't. Police are inherently reactive rather than proactive. While they might occasionally stumble onto an illegal weapon or stop a planned crime by arresting the criminal on some other violation before they are able to carry out their plans, they are usually present at a crime scene only after the crime actually occurs. While I feel that the police do a fine job where I live, they do not prevent crimes from occuring. Since the police cannot provide for my protection on a regular and full time basis, I take it upon myself to provide this protection. I would rather shoot and kill my assailant, than myself be killed or injured and wait 5, 10, 20 minutes for the cops to arrive and look at my body. Call me silly, that's just how I roll.
And as we can see, banning guns didn't do anything at all to significantly lower crime in Australia, in fact, some forms of crime have increased. For example sexual assault is up by 25%, which is not surprising since all the victims are now helpless. If anything I'd say that John Howard is anti-gun and pro-rape because he took away womens ability to defend themselves.  http://www.abs.gov.au/Ausstats/abs@.nsf/Lookup/ECFAF68AB75AE9E3CA256DEA00053A5A  What's missing ofcourse are the stats that show how many crimes were prevented by gun-carrying law-abiding citizens before the anti-gun law was passed.  But I can give you the number of crimes that were prevented each year by gun-carrying, law-abiding citizens after the law was passed: 0.
Winston, Honestly what does it matter if Gun related crime decreces if the overall crime itself is the same or higher.   What is the facination with spacificly reducing gun crime while ignoring the overall statistic?  The thing I see happen most in the media is this: ( The following is a scenario based on media trends observed in these situations )  -Some tragic event occurs to stir public opinion on the Gun subjet -You get some laws in passed that put some rediculas restriction in place. -The Media is all over the whole process -The statistics come out the next year (Lets use suicide as an example)  -They tell you that since the new law there has been a 50% drop in the number of teenagers shooting themselves.  -Then they interview a bunch of paid intelectuals and a mess of moronic soccar mom's.  -Then the story is finished and were stuck with a bad law -Logic and reason are squished out by the screaming hoard of soccar moms who drown the subject in a sea of overblown misdirected emotion (this leavs the impression that some good has been done and there are less teen suicides and that everyone is happier for it.)   Here's what got left out:  -They neglected to tell you that the number of hangings, ovserdoses, and suicides by other means all showed signifigant increce.  -They neglected to tell you that the overall rate of suicide has not dropped.  -The same or more teens killed themselves Post new Law as did before the new Law. They just are not useing guns as often.   See how that happened? The media didn't lie to you, they just left a few numbers out and it changes the whole perspective. You tell someone that gun crimes are decrecing because of a new rule and most people will not question you beyond that. You can even use the whole thing and simply emphisise the reduction in gun crime and still get a posative public responce and even though people have been shown that things are worse. They believe that things are better because "Gun Crime is down" and of corse "Guns are Scarry".   It's all manipulation and propaganda. The Aussie's have been had. Their living in a police state and don't even know it. Correct me if I'm wrong but it's been said that police Down Under can just come into your house and search it without a warrent or probable cause. Is that correct? If so I feel sorry for you guys. In this country if a cop busted into your house without a warrent or probable cause of any kind and you shoot em. Your off the hook.   You guys have given up your ability to defend your freedom for a false sence of security. Now all it's gonna take is an influential maniac to get into a position of power down there and yall are gonna have a grand ole time.
It dosn't take a genius to find a correlation between handguns being legal and shooting rampages. I agree that guns are not the problem in and of themselves, but humans are the problem; and humans wield guns.  Clearly, handguns should be illegal.  It doesn't take a genius to find a correlation between freedom of speech and racist, bigoted and (in this case) illogical remarks.   I agree that words are not the problem in and of themselves, but humans are the problem and humans wield words.  Clearly, freedom of speech should be illegal.
Attention::: Prepare for the systematic destruction of yet annother half thought out statement in this debate::::: IN   5  4  3  2  1  Are video games in the UK? Yes. Are violent movies in the UK? Yes  Evidence for a link between violent movies and video games is highly debated and nowhere near solid enough to make a debate point with.   Does the UK have shooting rampages as often as the USA? NO  OK This is the statment that was your biggest mistake in that post. You say it does not happen as often in the UK as it does in the US. Which is like saying You don't roll a 5 as often when you throw 1 die as you would on when you throw 5 dice.   As of 2005 the UK is home to 60 million people.  The USA Houses 300 million people.   Let's Define Mass Shooting:  In order to qualify as mass shooting lets set a victim minimum of 5.   In the last 3 years there have been 6 mass shootings in the USA. Which is an unusualy high trend. In years before It averaged about 1 every 3 years or so.   Based on averages, There are 5 times as many people in the USA as in the UK and the average overall for Mass Shootings in the USA is 1 every 2 years when you compile the latest handfull.   Which means that if there has been even 1 shooting in the last 10 years in the UK then the UK is per capita on Par with the USA in terms of mass shootings. If there have been more then 2 in the last 10 years then the UK has double the Mass Shooting per capita ratio of the USA... and so on and so on.   Point is... you can't compare incidents without calculating probability.
We agree that there certainly is a problem, correct? Could it be video games, movies, or developmental issues, or??  Before we debate thoes topics, lets examine the same issue in the U.K. Are video games in the UK? Yes. Are violent movies in the UK? Yes. Are there bad bad parents / psychopaths / nuts in the UK? Yes. Are handguns legal in the UK? NO Does the UK have shooting rampages as often as the USA? NO  Are video games in the USA? Yes. Are violent movies in the USA? Yes. Are there bad parents / psychopaths / nuts in the USA? Yes. Are hanguns legal in the USA? YES Does the USA have shooting rampages more often then the UK? YES  It dosn't take a genius to find a correlation between handguns being legal and shooting rampages. I agree that guns are not the problem in and of themselves, but humans are the problem; and humans wield guns.  Clearly, handguns should be illegal.This simplistic, illogical, completely ridiculous argument could be applied to baseball bats, fireplace pokers, small statues, hammers, scissors, tire irons and just about any other object that has been used to murder people.  The availability of weapons is NOT the problem.
I did take that into consideration, at least my professor did in which he calculuated the ratios.   Ok, that's his opinion based on his research and likly his politics. Try thinking for yourself instead of letting people tell you what to think.   You can't believe everything they teach you in school. Especially in Higher Education. Mostly comes from politically charged pompus assheads with agendas.
Oh! I see.  Math is perspective!  So what are the results of this calculation and what was the source for the numbers?  Numbers don't lie but the sources of those numbers can. Or atleast be mis-interpereted.   That's where perspective come in.
Handguns are made with the intent to kill. Words are made with the intent to communicate. Quick to insult, slow to think?  Handguns are made with the intent to make money. They may be used to attack and defend. Their execution depend on the user.   Words are made to communicate. They may also attack and defend. Their execution also depends on the user.   Where did I insult ye? Control that rapidly jerking knee of yours before ye kick over your Hummel collection.   Your firearm ban  is too simple a plan  for the problem we presently face a plan of this kind suits the simple mind but doth not our problem erase because of one nut  ye'd be willing to gut Our rights to deter one mad blaster but guns don't kill people people kill people and guns jes' make bullets go faster but it makes ye feel better to throw out the letter of law which our forefathers writ because of poor math and the rare psychopath ye are blind to the bare truth of it for the amendment first which allows ye to burst forth with rhetoric craven and awful is by the second protected and your plan as projected would disarm only those who are lawful for the criminal mind once again we do find is not worried about laws that ye write and so once again my dear simple friend  why divest lawful folks of their right?  Fin
I understand what you ment, I have emailed the professior asking for the sources along with the calculations.   If not, I will do it myself.  Good!  Now on to something else I wanted to hit on.   Please enlighten us with the problem then?   This one is a kicker. Why do we have murders. Why do somethings work in one country and not in annother?   I'm not saying that there is a lack of a "Problem" in the USA. I'm simply saying that the problem is not the availability of firearms.   Statistics do show that per capita the UK has less murder issues overall then the US does. However those overall numbers in the UK are a constant and have not been affected by the UK ban on handguns. I saw an article recently that said there was a proposed ban on Samurai Swords in the UK (or was it Scotland spacifcally) because of their frequent use as a gun alternate.   I think the problem is mostly social. America being the melting pot is also something of a powder keg because of it. Baltimore Maryland is one of the deadliest cities in america and In the city for over a year. I hated every minute of it. The place is a cesspool. There is a murder there everyday. It's a social thing mostly. The drug abuse and poverty there are insane. The whole place feels like one big dumpster. Thats where you get the big murder numbers in this country. Extreme social circumstances. It's like a 3rd world country in some of our cities.   Anyhow.... thats the overall murder number. The spree killings are something alltogether different that can be more directly applied to ratio's. More people tends to mean a higher chance of breeding a mentaly unstable phycopath. A person like that will be driven to kill by any means nessesary. If he can't get a gun he'll make a bomb or go nuts with a thresher in on a soccar field or something.   Guns are not the problem. There just simply isn't enough advancement yet in medicine and society to eliminate the causes of the bulk of the murders and to quell the phyco's into normal lives.
I also suppose that TVs are used to make money, rather then be watched. Kinda like stocks? To be sold and traded?  Now you are getting somewhere. If there was no profit in firearm production, there would be no firearm production. If you could not make a profit making a TV, you would not make a TV. The producer cares not one whit what ye do with a product, so long as ye pay for it. Simply saying "handguns are made to kill" is an ineffective argument. You might also say "fishing poles are made to kill" or "Pit bulls are bred to kill". So what? It's not what the bloody thing was made for, but what it is used for. Your opinion does not make it so.   Debates such as these are from one's own benefit rather then perspective. Much like taxes, "What political party's tax plan benefits me the most?" Most people that do not want gun control own a gun and enjoy owning it, rather then thinking about what benefits gun control has.  If this argument were true, there would presumably be no pro-choice men. Of course, the opposite of your argument may also be true: "Most people who want gun control do not own a gun and fear owning one rather than thinking about the benefits of legal gun ownership." Poor argument indeed.  Oh Simone, There is an 82-year old former Miss America who will likely give her gun a big fat kiss tonight because she was able to use it to thwart a robbery and possibly save her own life. What else but a firearm can give an 82-year old woman an equal footing with a 20 year old male? There are untold stories of similar circumstances where wymyn are able to thwart attack by swift brandishing or use of a firearm. Gun control as you propose would eliminate this equalizer. Firearms are not for everyone, but I believe it should be every woman's right to choose for herself if she shall carry a firearm as a means of defense. You are for a woman's right to choose are ye not?
I can see it now... MASS MASSICURE BY SAMURAI SWORD.   Here ya go!  Granted not full scale massacre: There hasn't been one of those with a sword (yet) in quite some time. I'm just citing modern reference.   Irvine, Calif. June 30, 2003. At 9:30 am a 30-year old man with a samurai sword and wearing a trenchcoat entered a large grocery store where he was formerly employed as a bagger and slashed five people, killing two former co-workers and wounding three customers. The man, a diagnosed schizophrenic, caused 40 to 50 shoppers to flee in panic before eventually being shot dead by police when confronted. An officer fired 6 shots at the man, hitting him once in the chest. His mother described him as a sword collector and fan of the "Highlander"" films and TV shows. (Source: AP)    Queensland, Australia. July 2002. One police officer was left seriously injured, a further eight in shock and five police vehicles badly damaged when a Samurai-sword wielding thug went on the rampage. After an eight hour stand-off a 34-year-old man had slashed two officers, nearly severing part of the hand of one, while another suffered cuts to his arm, before being shot dead. Officers tried to disarm the man using capsicum spray, shields, a police dog and special ammunition called "bean bag rounds", designed to hit the body without exploding. Despite being hit by a number of rounds, the sword-wielding man kept up his attack and was finally shot dead. (source: smh.com.au)   Hampshire, England. June 2002. A mentally disturbed 27 year-old man decapitated his 25-year-old friend with a samurai sword and scattered his body parts all over a residential neighborhood. Officials in England determined that the victim was killed by a blow to the head and then dismembered. (source: newsday.com)   Cheltenham, England, Jan. 2000. A deranged man with a samurai sword attacked a British Member of Parliament, slashing his arm and then stabbing him through the body, killing him, before attacking his assistant who ran to the defense. The second man suffered severe lacerations. (source: AP)  New York City. July 1986. Juan Gonzales, a deranged illegal alien from Cuba, suddenly attacked commuters with a samurai sword on the Staten Island ferry, wounding 9 and killing 2. He has since been released from an institution and is still in the US. (source: NY Times). 
Oh Simone, There is an 82-year old former Miss America who will likely give her gun a big fat kiss tonight because she was able to use it to thwart a robbery and possibly save her own life. What else but a firearm can give an 82-year old woman an equal footing with a 20 year old male? There are untold stories of similar circumstances where wymyn are able to thwart attack by swift brandishing or use of a firearm. Gun control as you propose would eliminate this equalizer. Firearms are not for everyone, but I believe it should be every woman's right to choose for herself if she shall carry a firearm as a means of defense. You are for a woman's right to choose are ye not? Oh hush now. Simone isn't about anything that would even the playing field with enforcement of protection and equal power. She wants a 'because I said so' approach to equality. Let the police investigate the crimes against women after the fact, rapes, murder, thefts...  Sure, an armed populace won't stop all crimes but, it's like the box of chocolates, the criminal doesn't know what he's gonna get. Q-ship in military parlance.    I own an arsenal. I'm sure many of my neighbors do too. I'm never worried about gun violence. But, I am constantly worried about fatal traffic accidents involving my children.
25 Years murder-free in Guntown USA:  http://wnd.com/news/article.asp?ARTICLE_ID=55288  The crime rate was cut in half even though the population grew by 500%.
25 Years murder-free in Guntown USA  There ya go folks.   A real world example of what we've all been saying. If I were in the business of robbing houses I would avoid that town like the plague. Most people out to do bad things still have a sense of self preservation. If you are in a town where you know for a fact that every home has a gun. You know that if you are going to break into a house you stand a real nice chance of getting caught, wounded or killed.   Longterm concequences do not detur criminals. Jailtime and other punishments done by the state are an "IF" in the minds of people doing crimes. They know there is a decent chance they won't get caught and even if they do get caught there is a good chance they can beat the system and get off scott free. The risk is well worth the reward for them. Watch the discovery channel show "It takes a Thief" at some point. Check out what kinda loot the guy gets from the places he robs.   On the other hand Imediate concequences have a more intresting effect and are a great deturent from criminal action. If a person knows they stand a 50-50 chance of getting killed by breaking into a house chances are very very good that they will decide the risk is not worth the reward by a longshot.   If that towns policy of every head of household must own and maintain a firearm were adopted nationwide. You would see such a dramatic drop in crime not to be believed.   For those who are in good standing with the law and cannot afford a firearm the GOV should issue state owned Colt AR-15 hbar Sporters and mandate a series of training sessions. Those AR-15's are plentifull. Police Baraks across the nation have millions of them in surplus and it's a great simple rifle.
 For those who are in good standing with the law and cannot afford a firearm the GOV should issue state owned Colt AR-15 hbar Sporters and mandate a series of training sessions. Those AR-15's are plentifull. Police Baraks across the nation have millions of them in surplus and it's a great simple rifle.  I disagree with this. The AR-15 is too expensive to hand out and I am not sure that I like the idea of poorly trained homeowners opening up with an AR in suburbia (I don't like the idea of poorly trained police doing it either).   IMO a better idea would be to back down gun control laws and provide tort relief to gunmakers in order to lower the price of their product. A NIB Sig P228 (my personal favorite for a carry weapon) runs abotu $600 in the US. It runs about $300 in most other countries because there is a significant implied risk to selling that weapon in the US that does nto exist other places. In most of the world, nobody would even DREAM of suing a gun manufacturer for a crime comitted with that weapon.   Another good option, IMO, is to repeal the laws that make cheap guns illegal. For instance, the import ban did away with $80 AKs. The MAC 11/9 was a high quality, reliable weapon, and the production cost on them was only about $80 per gun (side note...there is now a MAC clone being made that is extremely high quality and can be had for under $350). The UZI is another reliable, high quality weapon that could be produced cheaply.  The MAC or Uzi either one make ideal home defense weapons. They SHOULD be cheap enough that people can afford them, they are heavy enough to be stable in the face of recoil, big enouh to handle easily, and as reliable as a brick, and have a high enough magazine capacity to carry on a relatively drawn out engagement if need be.  The gun grabbers could take solace in the fact that while they are evil looking and high capacity, they are also damn near impossible to conceal. The secret service uses the Uzi, and they have devised a concealed carry method for it, but it has to be carried UNLOADED for it to work.   We don't need to hand out weapons paid for from the public coffers. We just need to go back to allowing people to purchase cheap, reliable weapons. The problem is that most truly cheap, reliable weapons are military weapons because it is the militaries of the world that primarily push to design cheap, reliable weapons. The AK, MAC, M3, Carl Gustov, Uzi, FM-3, these can all be produced for under $150....under $100 if we go back to allowing open bolt semi auto weapons. Bring these back and there is no need to even consider handing out $1500 rifles to the population.
The AR-15 is too expensive to hand out  Last invoice I saw showed the Police Dept's pay like $750 a pop on those I think. Not too shabby. They could also modify droves of surplus M-16's with semi-auto parts and selectors.     Now that I think about it more...   If there were GOV issued firearms in the USA. It should be on a "where you live" basis as to what kind of firearm and ammo gets issued to the household.   For instance... You wouldnt's want someone in a row of townhouses shooting an AR-15 at someone inside. Or any high powered rifle really. Give those Folks a shotgun or a carbine that fires semi-auto.   As far is the SIG... I think if GOV were to issue it shouldn't be a pistol. Were talking about a home defence weapon and while pistols are good for that. I think a carbine rifle with pistol rounds would be more suitable to the general public. There are several HK models out there worth looking into. Not everyone is even a halfway decent shot and a person who dosn't practice with a postil is not going to be very accurate and hit what he's intending to hit with good confidence. A sholdered lightweight carbine rifle I think would serve pretty well all around.
Last invoice I saw showed the Police Dept's pay like $750 a pop on those I think. Not too shabby. They could also modify droves of surplus M-16's with semi-auto parts and selectors.   $750 a pop is WAY too much to spend on a program like that. While $750 for an Ar might sound cheap, multiply it by 2 million and suddenly you are talking about real money.    Now that I think about it more...   If there were GOV issued firearms in the USA. It should be on a "where you live" basis as to what kind of firearm and ammo gets issued to the household.   For instance... You wouldnt's want someone in a row of townhouses shooting an AR-15 at someone inside. Or any high powered rifle really. Give those Folks a shotgun or a carbine that fires semi-auto.   As far is the SIG... I think if GOV were to issue it shouldn't be a pistol. Were talking about a home defence weapon and while pistols are good for that. I think a carbine rifle with pistol rounds would be more suitable to the general public. There are several HK models out there worth looking into. Not everyone is even a halfway decent shot and a person who dosn't practice with a postil is not going to be very accurate and hit what he's intending to hit with good confidence. A sholdered lightweight carbine rifle I think would serve pretty well all around.  A rifle is a poor weapon for entry or building sweeps. The problem with sweeping a building is the doorways and hallways. You have a poor field of view there and no real escape route. Bad guys know this, which is why the most common ambush point during building sweeps is at a doorway.  Do a little experiment. Get a rifle. Make certain the weapon is empty and safe. Have somebody grab the barrel and try to take control of the rifle. You cannot possibly maintain control of that weapon. Try the same with a pistol, holding it in a proper 2 hand grip, and it is virutally impossible for them to take it away from you because in that situation YOU have the leverage AND a better grip. I was explainging this to my wife at one point and despite the fact nobody is ever going to call me "pewee" and the fact that my wife is small, i can not hold onto the barrel of that pistol if she pulls straight back.   This is why you see insanely short tactical stocks on the MP5. They are trying to shortent he weapona nd bring it in to the point that a bad guy has less of a chance to grab it, and the guy weilding the weapon has SOME chance of maintaining control. Even when you are talking Navy Seals or Delta, they are taught NOT to try to retain full control of the weapon, but rather to fight for it with one hand and draw their pistol and kill the perp with the other...and these are professionals.   Ultimatly homeowners should probably not be sweeping their homes anyway...they should choose a barricade position where they can put up a defense. Behind a bed with their rifle/shotgun pointed at the door is a good choice...as is laying at the top of the stairs with your weapon ready. They fact that SHOULD NOT be sweeping the house does not mean that they WILL NOT. When considerign defensive weapons, that has to be considered. You have to plan for worst case, so you assume that your homeowner will be half asleep, stumbling through the house with a weapon they are not particularly skilled with, in search of an adversary who has planned ahead and knows what they are doing. In that situation, a pistol is the only real choice for a weapon. Short range instinctive shots with a pistol have a VERY high hit rate. With a rifle that rate is much lower. when you are talking home invasion youa re talkin a range measured in feet, not yards. The addition power and accruacy inhernt to a rifle, or even a carbine, are not required.
If we're going to issue guns to the dumb masses, let it be the 5-shot, stainless steel S&W Chief's Special...loaded with two rounds of rat-shot, two hollowpoints and one shredder.
daewoo,   I agree with you on your tactical points totally.   I own a Glock-17 , an AR-15 and a AK-47   The Glock is the one I keep loaded for home defence.   However I still believe that it would be a bad move to issue pistols to the general public for these reasons and more.   -pistols are easily misplaced or stolen  -bad public stigma on pistols -higher risk of accidents in general -more likly to be used to the wrong reasons People in general who buy pistols knows these things and take safty measures accordingly. When you buy a pistol you accept personal responsability for the things that owning a pistol comes with. Something given to you by the government might not see so much care and attention.   The more I think about it the more I'm leaning toward the idea that a general public issue weapon should be someone new and spacifically designed for that purpose.   The idea is that every household should be required to own and maintain a weapon.  -Head of household would need to certify that the household has a maintained weapon with a minimum amount of ammo each year. -Heads of household unable to legaly own a firearm due to criminal activity or mental illness would be exempt from the mandate.  -For those people who fall short of a certain household income must apply for a federal issue household firearm.  -The firearm would be a short pistol round carbine styled like an mp5, semi-automatic with laser beam targeting.  -The firearm would be equiped with an onboard fingerprint scanner that would activate the firearm for only those in the household who the firearm has been approved for use for. - -The firearm would have an onboard GPS chip that would activate if the firearm was reported stolen or tampered with in any way beyond cleaning procedures.  -Issued ammo would be issued in special clips. First 2 round would be a less than lethal rubber bullets, the rest would be 9mm hollowpoints. (maybe even the first round a blank) -The weapon would have to be checked in every year for inspection and maintenence.   I think such a weapon could be designed and mass-produced at a low cost.   Probubly 400-500 per weapon if produced on a large scale.   I garuntee that if the GOV put out a contract for reliable firearms with all the features listed. Being that there would be a garunteed millions bought for distrobution. Every firearms manufacturer in the world would be falling over themselves to get a firearm to spec for the right price.   Now Please keep in mind: Those features and regulations would only apply the GOV issued firearms issued to households in lower income brackets. Most people would just buy something of their own choosing. Each houshold that bought privatly would need to register 1 owned weapon as the official household registered weapon. Would be registered by serial number and balistics. Thats just for the Official family gun. Other owned firearms would be normal ownership by whatever current state laws are.   Anyhow... it's just an idea.
If we're going to issue guns to the dumb masses, let it be the 5-shot, stainless steel S&W Chief's Special...loaded with two rounds of rat-shot, two hollowpoints and one shredder.  It's a recipe for disaster to sell a gun without a safety, and as revolvers don't have them, a huge percentage of all accidental killings are committed with revolvers.
It's a recipe for disaster to sell a gun without a safety  One of my alltime favoites was when the DC police went from their 38's to Glock 9mm's   The glock safty is part of the trigger. Basially it only functions to keep the weapon from discharging without a finger on the trigger.   The police dept did not get proper holsters and properly train officers to fire them. There were a record number of accidental discharges in the first few weeks. Allong with something they call "Glock Thumb" (those who own or have used one know what I mean).   Glocks are designed to be combat pistols. Those who buy them take that are expected to take the time to learn the weapon and what to do and not to do.   A general issue firearm should be built with clear safty mechenisms
One of my alltime favoites was when the DC police went from their 38's to Glock 9mm's   The glock safty is part of the trigger. Basially it only functions to keep the weapon from discharging without a finger on the trigger.   The police dept did not get proper holsters and properly train officers to fire them. There were a record number of accidental discharges in the first few weeks. Allong with something they call "Glock Thumb" (those who own or have used one know what I mean).   Glocks are designed to be combat pistols. Those who buy them take that are expected to take the time to learn the weapon and what to do and not to do.   A general issue firearm should be built with clear safty mechenisms  I have owned 2 revolvers through out the years, a S&W 357 and a 38. I accidently discharged both of them one time each. After the second time I sold them both and have owned a 9MM Ruger P85 ever since. I bought it back when the clips held 15 rounds too so its capacity is 15+1, just 4 shy of double what the new clips hold.
I have owned 2 revolvers through out the years, a S&W 357 and a 38. I accidently discharged both of them one time each. After the second time I sold them both and have owned a 9MM Ruger P85 ever since. I bought it back when the clips held 15 rounds too so its capacity is 15+1, just 4 shy of double what the new clips hold.  Just curious, but how did you "accidently" discharge your revolvers? I am just curious, as I have had a Taurus .38 that has seen extensive use at the range, and I have never had one accidental discharge in 10 years.
Just curious, but how did you "accidently" discharge your revolvers? I am just curious, as I have had a Taurus .38 that has seen extensive use at the range, and I have never had one accidental discharge in 10 years.  I have never managed to accidentally discharge a revolver either, and I have several of them. I have had a .45 accidentally discharge when I released the slide on a new magazine (gun was broken). I once had an ruger 10/22 discharge when I dropped it in the bed of a truck. Beyond that I have never had an accidental discharge and I do a LOT of shooting with a lot of different weapons.   The VAST, VAST majority of accidental discharges can be traced to 2 root causes:  1. An intentionl pull of the trigger by somebody who thought the gun was empty  2. Some XXXXX wandering around with their finger on the trigger.   I can not recall ever hearing of a revolver discharging when it was not due to one of those two things. Typically revolvers can be dropped, thrown, hit, bumped, and generally mistreated and they still do not go off without pulling the trigger. Automatics have been known to discharge due to a mechanical failure. Revolvers...usually not.
I have never managed to accidentally discharge a revolver either, and I have several of them. I have had a .45 accidentally discharge when I released the slide on a new magazine (gun was broken). I once had an ruger 10/22 discharge when I dropped it in the bed of a truck. Beyond that I have never had an accidental discharge and I do a LOT of shooting with a lot of different weapons.   The VAST, VAST majority of accidental discharges can be traced to 2 root causes:  1. An intentionl pull of the trigger by somebody who thought the gun was empty  2. Some XXXXX wandering around with their finger on the trigger.   I can not recall ever hearing of a revolver discharging when it was not due to one of those two things. Typically revolvers can be dropped, thrown, hit, bumped, and generally mistreated and they still do not go off without pulling the trigger. Automatics have been known to discharge due to a mechanical failure. Revolvers...usually not.  That's kinda what I was thinking.   I seem to remember one of the fundamental rules of firearms safety:  -NEVER put your finger on the trigger until you are ready to shoot. I practice this concept even with a gun that I am 100% sure is unloaded.
Just curious, but how did you "accidently" discharge your revolvers? I am just curious, as I have had a Taurus .38 that has seen extensive use at the range, and I have never had one accidental discharge in 10 years.  I've actually HAD a S&W 38 (used to be my father's) since I've been 18. I, too, am rather curious how he "accidentally discharghed his weapon". I agree with daewoo, mainly you see those two being the case (I'd add to that, however, some ignoramus who doesn't have clue how to actually work the gun messing around with it).
Be sure to give your guns a big fat kiss tonight before you go to bed tonight 'cuz guns did really good today.  There's this magical little place called the black market, have you heard? It sells illegal things. Things like... guns. Someone who really wants to go postal just needs the right connections and then... guns you shall have!  I'm not exactly sure what you point is with this childish sarcasm (And ba:xcensoredrdization of the word 'because.') but banning guns would effectively disarm civilians and turn cities over to the Gangs and Crooks who have access to the black market.  And then the counterpoint; "But England doesn't have guns! they have low violent crime rates, XXXXX!" Well, Europe sees a lot less drug trafficking, which leads to Black Marketing, as well as violent crime and gang activity.
Just curious, but how did you "accidently" discharge your revolvers? I am just curious, as I have had a Taurus .38 that has seen extensive use at the range, and I have never had one accidental discharge in 10 years.  Most modern pistols have enough safeties to rule out completely the event that you dropped the gun and discharged. A trigger pull is the only way I see it plausible.  Kids with twitches shouldn't be allowed to have guns, therefore.
I've actually HAD a S&W 38 (used to be my father's) since I've been 18. I, too, am rather curious how he "accidentally discharghed his weapon". I agree with daewoo, mainly you see those two being the case (I'd add to that, however, some ignoramus who doesn't have clue how to actually work the gun messing around with it).  We have a saying in my job as a paramedic: YOU CAN'T FIX STUPID.   That knowledge has served me well over the years.
Bit of group masturbation here amongst the gun love folk? Aah I see we have some more rational comments from our anti-woman, pro-rape forum resident.
Bit of group masturbation here amongst the gun love folk?I believe it is you that has a gun fetish. The opening post (yours) refers to kissing guns as does another (of yours) somewhere along the line.   I have a buntline special you might like.emoticon_xhoho
I have owned 2 revolvers through out the years, a S&W 357 and a 38. I accidently discharged both of them one time each. After the second time I sold them both and have owned a 9MM Ruger P85 ever since. I bought it back when the clips held 15 rounds too so its capacity is 15+1, just 4 shy of double what the new clips hold.Heretofore I had thought you quite bright. To 'accidently discharge' revolvers, one has to be inept. To trade the revolvers for semi-autos to preclude 'accidental discharge' is astoundingly ignorant or just plain stupid depending on how much truth you have been told about weapons.  BTW, that "+1" in the chamber may get you in trouble some day.  Aside from faulty trigger mechanisms, there's no discharge that occurs without some deliberate action on the part of the user. The single actions must be cocked first...then the trigger activated. The double actions are virtually impossible to fire accidently unless you c o c k them first rather than use the trigger pull for cocking. Most of the good revolvers have mechanisms that keep the firing pin away from the casing unless the trigger is back, making it virtually impossible to fire by dropping the gun or striking the hammer forward from the outside.  I've had several revolvers...S&W K22 Magnum (sweet shooter), S&W stainless steel .38 Chief's Special, S&W .38 Hammerless, S&W .38 LiteWeight (amazing), Colt .357 Python (amazing, especially when shooting .38 Specials) and some others.  I had the Python fine tuned by a gunsmith to c o c k easily and pull lightly...making it deadly accurate with .38 Special Wad Cutters...a 2" grouping at 50 yards ain't bad for an old fat man!  I see no need for a person to carry more than six rounds in a pistol. I have seen a nine shot revolver, but it was just plain ugly.
 S&W .38 LiteWeight (amazing)   emoticon_xagree emoticon_xhoho Damn, I love that gun!
I believe it is you that has a gun fetish. The opening post (yours) refers to kissing guns as does another (of yours) somewhere along the line.   I have a buntline special you might like.emoticon_xhoho  I am glad I am not the only one who has noticed the unhealthy (IMO) link Simone seems to hold between firearms and sex.
"Gun control regulation solutions" -Personality test Completing a psych profile on every individual who wants to buy a gun is a logistical impossibility. Besides, often times the people who commit acts of violence like happened at VT could easily pass a standard psych or personality test.   - Justifying ownership of a gun and it being registered on a national gun ownership database. Constitution says I can have one...thank you.  -Based on the justification, according ammo supplies would be sold...eg the justification being self defense: the owner would not need a few hundred rounds.(The national gun database would also include ammo sales)  This would prevent someone such as the VT killer, or at least deteriorate the motives. (He would not have been sold so many rounds) First off, all you would have to say is that you shoot at the range on a regular basis, and bam...unlimited ammo. Heck, at present I have 2000 rounds for my .40's and about 500 for my .38. If people are going to carry guns for protection, they should be encouraged to put lots and lots of rounds through the gun. That way, if they actually do have to use the gun for protection, they are well versed in it's use and hopefully are fairly accurate with it. I train with my pistols all the time at the range. I hope I never need to use it for self defense, but if I do, I am more than confident in my ability to do so.   Second, this all becomes a moot point when you realize that people can and do reload their own ammunition.
"Gun control regulation solutions" -Personality test - Justifying ownership of a gun and it being registered on a national gun ownership database. -Based on the justification, according ammo supplies would be sold...eg the justification being self defense: the owner would not need a few hundred rounds.(The national gun database would also include ammo sales)  This would prevent someone such as the VT killer, or at least deteriorate the motives. (He would not have been sold so many rounds)   These are great ideas. We should put them in place immediatly not only for guns, but for voting and free speech as well. Instead of a personality test for voting and free speech, it will be an IQ test coupled with a test over their grasp of current events and constitutional principals. You will probably not pass.  The same form that is used to justify the need to own a gun can be used to justify the need to vote and the need to exercise free speech. The justification page can go in and the government can decide whether your vote is reallly going to matter and whether what you wish to say is actually necessary.   The ammo idea is, as snakspit points out, a REALLY bad one. Do you realy want people wandering around with weapons that they cannot practice with??   Of course the above solutions have obvious flaws(I will add more later, but I am pressed for time currently and need to think more about the matter), but it would not encroach upon the freedom of citizens (a gun database already exists) and it would add another layer of "security" to bypass, thus decreasing the probability of them happening.  Were you actually smoking pot when you wrote this? Requiring a citizen to fill out a form...presumably to be approved or deinied by the government, to exercise a fundamental right would not encroach on the freedom of the citizens? I would suggest that you acquiant yourself with the definition of the word "encroach" and the word "right".   You are thinking of the NCIS, which is not a database of gun owners. It is a database of people prohibited from purchasing guns. At one time there was a minor uproar because the FBI was retaining records of queries, but that was ended a long time ago.
-Personality test - Justifying ownership of a gun and it being registered on a national gun ownership database.   Totally against this idea. It has the potential to be way to open ended in terms of that criteria the "Judge" of this sort of thing can set in place. Especialy the Justification part. Here in Maryland, USA the CCW laws are like that. You have to Justify your reason for needing one. "It's my constitutional right" and "Personal Defence" don't work. You have to have a certain number of documented death threats or be a business owner who makes cash deposits or require it for work purposes. As a result the people who really should have a CCW never get it. I use to work in some bad places in Baltimore. Everyday I wished I had a CCW, Denied everytime.   If you put this kind of thing in place for just standard firearm ownership you are setting yourself up for someone in power to just simply say "There is no good reason to justify owning a gun for any reason" and boom... you've got yourself a prohibition.   The stuff you proposed is actually harmfull.  The things that make sense in the way of Gun laws are:   -No firearms convicted non-violent Felons for X number of years -No firearms for convicted Violent Felons... ever.  -No Firearms for those posessing a potentially untreated mental illness likly to cause violence. (something where if you forget to take your meds for a day or so you will freak out and kill a bunch of people)  -No Firearm Purchase under age 18  -Common sense restrictions on what conditions must be present to discharge a firearm in a non-emergency situation. (I.E. no target practice on a public streat)  -Carried weapons should be conceled: (This one would need to be variable from place to place. Some parts of the country it's normal to see someone walking around with a gun on the hip, some places it would cause too of a publi problem) -Restriction on Class 3 weapons (machine guns) should be re-thought. I think more people should have easier access to Class 3 Weapons.   :::: Get a fully automatic MP5 with a supressor and a laser sight. Effectivly defend your home with extreme prejudice without waking up the neighbors!!:::::
The things that make sense in the way of Gun laws are:   -No firearms convicted non-violent Felons for X number of years -No firearms for convicted Violent Felons... ever.  -No Firearms for those posessing a potentially untreated mental illness likly to cause violence. (something where if you forget to take your meds for a day or so you will freak out and kill a bunch of people)  -No Firearm Purchase under age 18  -Common sense restrictions on what conditions must be present to discharge a firearm in a non-emergency situation. (I.E. no target practice on a public streat)  -Carried weapons should be conceled: (This one would need to be variable from place to place. Some parts of the country it's normal to see someone walking around with a gun on the hip, some places it would cause too of a publi problem) -Restriction on Class 3 weapons (machine guns) should be re-thought. I think more people should have easier access to Class 3 Weapons.   :::: Get a fully automatic MP5 with a supressor and a laser sight. Effectivly defend your home with extreme prejudice without waking up the neighbors!!:::::  Good ideas as they actually have a crime control element. Kansas has, IMO, some of th emost effective gun control laws in the nation. They have nothing to do with banning guns, they instead seek to punish criminal use of firearms. For example, if you are caught wiht a firearm while in the comission of a burglary, you get an automatic 5 years. That is a GOOD gun control law. Since it was passed, the incidents of burglars with firearms has decreased by nearly 80% in Ks. They are not willing to risk the extra 5 years. There is a whole myriad of crimes that net stiff additional, mandatory penalties if you carry a firearm.  Most gun control legislation has no crime control component at all. That makes no sense at all to me. The only logical conclusion that I think can be crawn from such bills is that those who support them care nothing about crime, they are simply interested in disarming law abiding citizens.
One more thing i would require:  Basic firearms safety course and basic marksmanship. I am not talking about making these people into snipers, but at least give them the training to know which end you point towards the bad guy. One of the biggest problems with gun ownership in this country is some of the retards that buy guns....not the guns themselves.   You may have the right to own and carry a gun, but you have the responsibility to know how to safely and effectively use the gun.
Basic firearms safety course and basic marksmanship. I am not talking about making these people into snipers, but at least give them the training to know which end you point towards the bad guy. One of the biggest problems with gun ownership in this country is some of the retards that buy guns....not the guns themselves.     Agreed!  Maryland has this stupid thing where you have to watch this 15 minute video before you can purchase any handguns. It's bad and inefective.   If you're going to require training of purchasing handguns and the "more dangerous" styles of firearms. You might as well try and do it right. Mandate a 2 hour training session that includes live shooting. Simply get someone to demonstrate to the instructors satisfaction that they are compatent with a weapon. Compatent meaning they don't do anything stupid with it while with the instructor.   Do the first hour with instruction and demonstration. 30 minutes for a quiz. 30 minutes of shooting.   I do honestly think that if everyone who has never been either police or military that wishes to purchase one of the more "dangerous" firearms should take 2 hours and maybe $50 out of their life for a 1 time effective safty course. It would save allot of lives and prevent allot of accidents.   People owning guns isn't scarry. It's un-educated people owning them that is scarry.  I'm reminded of this one time I went to a local indoor pistol range. They check your weapon before you go onto the range. This XXXXX in line in front of me took his 9mm out of the case and carelessly pointed it at the clerk. The clerk pulled a 357 mag and pointed it at the XXXXX's head. The guy dropped his gun and actually urinated himself.... literally. Funniest thing I ever saw. They banned him from the indoor range. It was some metrosexual looking dude with a lisp too. Just gun stupid i guess.
I'm not sure if it is in every state, but in PA you have to take a hunters safety course if you are going to hunt. This was required to get your hunting license. When I was a kid, it was offered in elementary school as an after school class that they had for 5 days.   I see no reason why we could not require a safety class for those wanting to purchase or carry a pistol. Make it a 1 day class or something that can be half classroom and half practical application. Once you are done, you get a "safety card" that precludes you from having to take any classes again. This is one of the very few gun control measures that I support that is not aimed at crime prevention.
I'm not sure if it is in every state, but in PA you have to take a hunters safety course if you are going to hunt. This was required to get your hunting license. When I was a kid, it was offered in elementary school as an after school class that they had for 5 days.   I see no reason why we could not require a safety class for those wanting to purchase or carry a pistol. Make it a 1 day class or something that can be half classroom and half practical application. Once you are done, you get a "safety card" that precludes you from having to take any classes again. This is one of the very few gun control measures that I support that is not aimed at crime prevention.  I would not be opposed to requiring safety classes as long as the following conditions are met:  1. They are free 2. Requirements for passing the class are NOT set by the government.   I think the first one is important because you are talking about a right, not a privelage, and poor people should be able to exercise their rights as well. While $50 once for a class is probably not a lot for many people here, to a poor person it may be and I am not willing to risk stripping an entire class of their RKBA based on their financial situation.  The second is important because in the past many states have had restrictions for concealed carry that were related to the education requirement. Most states now (all "shall issue" states) that have an educational requirement for concealed weapons carry specify an "NRA approved" firearms course. To me, that is acceptable. It meets the educational goal of the states while ensuring that the educational requirements are not prohibitive.
A WELL REGULATED MILITIA BEING NECESSARY TO THE SECURITY OF A FREE STATE THE RIGHT OF THE PEOPLE TO KEEP AND BEAR ARMS SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED.  'nough said.
I would not be opposed to requiring safety classes as long as the following conditions are met:  1. They are free 2. Requirements for passing the class are NOT set by the government.   I think the first one is important because you are talking about a right, not a privelage, and poor people should be able to exercise their rights as well. While $50 once for a class is probably not a lot for many people here, to a poor person it may be and I am not willing to risk stripping an entire class of their RKBA based on their financial situation.  The second is important because in the past many states have had restrictions for concealed carry that were related to the education requirement. Most states now (all "shall issue" states) that have an educational requirement for concealed weapons carry specify an "NRA approved" firearms course. To me, that is acceptable. It meets the educational goal of the states while ensuring that the educational requirements are not prohibitive.  No problem there for me. I agree that they should be free.   The second part is what I am not sure about. I totally agree that the NRA approved course is more than sufficient. However, if the government is going to require a safety course, they would be required to set basic minimum standards for the course. Otherwise, you would have HillBilly Joe's safety course that involves showing pictures of his gun collection with light refreshments served (probably Pabst or Ol' Make-Me-Walk-Funny beer.) I think that they would almost have to set basic minimum standards to adhere to, but I agree that the government should not run the classes.
A WELL REGULATED MILITIA BEING NECESSARY TO THE SECURITY OF A FREE STATE THE RIGHT OF THE PEOPLE TO KEEP AND BEAR ARMS SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED.  I agree with you, but do not believe that a safety class restricts the right. I've seen people at ranges that are so incompetant I have to show them the "good" and "bad" ends of the gun (no joke...). We never had to worry about this before, and its like Snakespit said: You may have the right to own and carry a gun, but you have the responsibility to know how to safely an effectively use the gun.
Shooter, so a cop is reporting to the scene and there you are packing a gun.  How is the cop to know you're not the shooter?  Perhaps theres a situation where the cops aren't in control or are just too late (Virginia Tech). Are you saying we are better off just letting the cops handle it? All this situation made me want to do is get a permit to carry a sidearm myself. Why should I be a victim of some psycho on a rampage? If a couple people in that classroom had firearms of their own with them, that shooter would never have been able to kill 30+ people. Imagine that, guns could have saved lives, just as GUNS the cops were carrying could have saved lives if they were in the right place at the right time.   The sad news is, there's always going to be people like this out there, doing bad things to innocent people. Do you really think gun control is going to stop closet-psychos from flipping out and killing people?
Do you really think gun control is going to stop closet-psychos from flipping out and killing people?  Let me take this a step further and address the next retort the anti-gunners are gonna come out with.   They say that by restricting guns you can reduce the amount of damage said "Phyco" is going to inflict.   I beg to differ!  NOTE: NO GUNS WERE USED IN ANY OF THE FOLLOWING HORRIFIC ATTACKS  Anyone thinking that these things cannot happen if there are no guns hould look at these links  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bath_School_disaster  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/September_11%2C_2001_attacks  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oklahoma_City_Bombing  http://www.emergency.com/japanatk.htm
every american predisent has the need to get in a war or start one purely as a muscle flexing exercise.. not to mention any financial benifits..  Excuse me?? I hope your exaggerating this... the greatest president we have had here, RR, didn't "get in a war or start one." Also, at the times when we do enter conflicts, it is the best forseeable action [I]at the time[I]. We all know that hindsight is 20/20 but i'd like to see you try to run a country without making a few screwups.  yeah i could stab 10 people in close quarters at a crowded niteclub before i got restrained but hey-- with a 9mm glock i could do more than 10..  But youre forgetting the beauty of the American system. Why would you go in that club with the intention to kill people when there is a good chance one of those people are armed themselves? It's proven that most of these "mass shootings" occur in "gun-free" zones, which shows that not only are gun control measures ineffective, but also bolden criminals, as they know that law abiding citizens like you or me are unarmed and unable to defend ourselves against a weapon.
 i shoot here in australia but our gun laws dont give you a birthright to carry weapons like you americans do..   Why is it that a fair amount of anti-gun posters are from Australia. Anyone else notice that?   I'm all for Gun banning in Australia. Here in the States we do not allow convicted felons to own or carry weapons. And since Australia was founded entirely by criminals...   I've had friends in the Army and Marines who have been through Australia. They always say that Australian women are crazy for American men. Something about a massive female to male imbalance over there. Also there is a steriotype about the men in Australia being abusive in general to the Women.   Must be those Convict genes.
ohh... the convict genes remark.... damn!! how cutting that was... im now so emotionally scarred i doubt if i can vistit this site again.. post traumatic stress for me....  as for the brain dead comment of the army and marines and our women being crazy for them well all i can say to that is regardless of nationality there are plenty of SLUTS around the world just waiting for a sailor/or defence person to screw as soon as they come into port.... thats the world over... as for being abusive in general.. i dont think the USA'S domestic violence figures are anything to ignore...   finally-- im not anti gun... as i stated I GO SHOOTING .. i enjoy pumping feral animals with lead..the farms i do it at the owners are gratefull for keeping the vermon rate down so their livestock can eat/ get fat and go off to slaughter or get sold or whatever....    i originally responded to this thread because im sick of the USA having a big cry everytime you have one of your mass shootings...live with guns the way you do and as many as you have there and suffer the consequences....  the USA IS A GUN CULTURE!!!! simple as that...  those who live by the gun-- WILL DIE BY THE GUN..  well i gotta go  im off to clean the #### outta my gun barrels...    signed THE CONVICT  Dear Convict,  Considering that my ancestors were of Irish descent, it is possible that I could have been your next door neighbor if my ggg grandpa had been a somewhat less effective criminal. There but for the grace of God... People, if you MUST insult the Australians, do not merely refer to them as the ancestors of criminals. They are actually the ancestors of criminals who got caught. There is a difference. The ancestors who didn't get caught moved to America and became Senators from Massachusetts. So I salute you, my slower moving, less criminally accomplished brother.  The US is a Gun culture in that it had to fight a War of independence against your liege lords, then fight a second battle of independence. That spirit does not die out and the memory that our citizens conquered a foreign power thanks to private firearm ownership is not lost on us. This is not to suggest that your nation has not contributed much blood in the cause of freedom. Witness the sacrifice made by those brave Aussies at Gallipoli.   Your assertion that the victims of firearm violence deserve no sympathy by virtue of our gun culture is troubling. Would you apply the same compassion to the victims of tropical typhoons? Those 39 victims of the April 2, 2007 Solomon Islands Tsunami CHOSE to live on an Island in the Ring of Fire did they not?
E Mutz, alas, no. Indeed, what happened in the United States is that religious nuts went to the north of colonial America, those with criminal tendencies entered a life of temporary servitude in the south.  Which quite accounts for the starchiness of those from the state of Massachussetts.  No, actually. The majority of the early population settled in the mid-atlantic to NE corridor from VA up to MA and spread out from there. Religion was and still is deeply entwined into southern culture...ever hear of Southern Baptist?   And who exactly are "those with criminal tendencies"?
The Southern Baptists are a "Johnny-come-lately" kind of religion. Those who were in the South became Baptists, they didn't come into the States as Baptists.  If you consider 1696 to be "Johnny-come-lately"...sure.  Baptists first arrived in the southern United States near the end of the 17th century. The first Baptist church in the south was formed in Charleston, South Carolina, under the leadership of William Screven, a Baptist preacher and shipbuilder who arrived there from Maine in 1696.
Or, what about the marines in Beirut?  Okay, maybe I'm just dense, but I fail to see the point that you are trying to make.... Also, I wouldn't entirely trust wikipedia as a credible debate source, as anyone can edit it freely (obvious spam is deleted, but some things can be easily missed). I didn't spot any outstanding errors in this entry, but for future reference...  Grenada was part of a bigger Cold War conflict. A military coup had just occured and ann even more communist-sympathizing leader was put on the throne. Grenada was used in part to recover face after Beirut, and about 1000 US students were there at the time. Reagan had a choice to make. He could go in; or he take a chance on letting communism spread (strengthening the USSR), keeping the US looking weak, and letting American citizens be killed. I would have made the same choice.
Okay, maybe I'm just dense, but I fail to see the point that you are trying to make.... Also, I wouldn't entirely trust wikipedia as a credible debate source, as anyone can edit it freely (obvious spam is deleted, but some things can be easily missed). I didn't spot any outstanding errors in this entry, but for future reference...  Grenada was part of a bigger Cold War conflict. A military coup had just occured and ann even more communist-sympathizing leader was put on the throne. Grenada was used in part to recover face after Beirut, and about 1000 US students were there at the time. Reagan had a choice to make. He could go in; or he take a chance on letting communism spread (strengthening the USSR), keeping the US looking weak, and letting American citizens be killed. I would have made the same choice.  Grenada was a chance for the US to test it's newly devised command and control structure. The medical students, while their plight was real, were merely convenient fluff to stoke the fire of public opinion.   And a communist Grenada was really no threat to anyone, other than the airfield that they were building that could probably have been used for forward Soviet bomber activity. But then again, with the technology available at that point, the advantage to the Soviets would have been negligable anyway.
Sorry, but I've been really busy lately. I would have answered earlier otherwise.  I think I see your point. However, I still believe that Grenada's threat would have been indirect, not a direct military issue. Also, I assume that since you didn't counter it, you agree with my point about the "choice" I mentioned. Also, if he hadn't gone in, people would be griping about how he "let the commies win, blah, blah, blah." People are impossible to please, especially if they are against one policy, for then they become against most all of them. Look at the reactions to everyone from Johnson-Bush Jr.; democrats and republicans both deal with that.
You can only curtail violence by addressing the cause of the violence not the manner in which it was carried out.   People that are trying to implement gun control and bans are probably the most ignorant lot of political activist crazies we have here in the USA. I say ignorant not to insult people but as an accurate statement of their level of knowledge about the true nature of what they are trying to accomplish and about firearms in general.   Your typical anti-gun person is passion driven, non-gun owning, well to do upper-middle class, sheltered and high strung. Soccer mom's and Metro-sexual's for the most part. Born and raised in suburbia in a sheltered community with a blind eye to the real world. Cookie cutter people with cookie cutter lives that alleviate their tremendous boredom by backing some cause or another so as to give themselves the illusion that they are doing some good in the world when in fact their lifestyle is going to cause more pain and suffering and death to the world through destruction of the environment then any gun ever could.   Guns are not the problem. End of Story. Whenever there is a tragedy of some kind everyone is looking for someone or something to blame. If the perpetrator of the crime is dead... that's not enough. There has to be some justice of some kind to placate the masses. The people demand it! So where do people set their focus? Certainly not on themselves for ignoring the plight of American society and poverty and lack of funds for things like treatment for the mentally ill, better education and the like. NOOOOOO! They want to focus on something more convenient. The gun must be to blame!!! Ya.. That's it. Everyone gang up and parade the likeness of the victims behind your misdirected cause and march like lemmings over the cliff of reason into the bottomless pit of ignorant bliss.   It's just like the supposed "War on Drugs". The Government has spent Billions on stomping out drugs of all kinds and in the end all we have is more chaos. We have jails full of drug offenders and streets full of drugs and a quirk that was once a somewhat harmless vice of society has become a full-blown epidemic. People failed to address the real issues and focused on an object.  Same aspect with gun violence. Society fails to see or outright ignores the real causes.   For instance, I own several Guns. I hope I never have to use them outside of target shooting and hunting but am prepared to do so if necessary. There are other people out there who don't share my sense and reason and would see the same guns as a tool to take advantage of others or cause them harm. But you don't need a gun for that. If there were no guns those same people would use other weapons, or make bombs. You could just Google up how to make a pipe bomb, make 20-30 of them and have a blast. That weapon in the same settings as the VT shooting would have probably caused more death. He could have opened a door, Tossed in a pipe bomb and closed the door... move on to the next room... rinse and repeat. Someone good with a sword could do just a much damage. A sword doesn't go BOOM so you could rack up quite a mess before anyone knew what was going on.   My point is... People like the VT shooter can snap, taking away 1 tool of dealing death will only see it replaced by another. In the case of firearms you do more harm then good by taking away the most effective means of defense a person can carry. Instead of focusing on the tools why can't people focus on the root issues. Mass murderers are usually mentally deranged. Wouldn't it be a better use of the taxpayers money to work toward identifying those with severe mental issues and helping them get treated rather then just taking away one of the many possible tools they could use when they finally snap. Someone shoots a Gas Station clerk in a robbery. Instead of spending millions on enforcing new gun laws to slightly reduce the chance that that robber might have gotten the gun he used. Why not put the millions of dollars into civil action and education programs that would help that kind of person that is desperate enough to rob the store get a better life. Most do that sort of crime out of need and desperation. Some just do it for fun, those people have a warped sense of right and wrong and need help getting that straightened out though some method.   You cannot have a utopia without the means to defend it. People must have the right to defend themselves and their homes. They must have the means to protect freedom from tyranny if needs be.   The statement "Guns don't Kill People, People Kill People" says a great deal and is one of the most truthful quotes of all time. A man determined to kill another man will use a gun if he has one, if not then the next best thing, A good blade. If not that then a pointy stick. If not that then a rock. You cannot stop violence by eliminating the tools of violence. Or even reduce it for that matter. You have to address the causes where you can. Mankind is violent in nature so you will never stop all violence. By you can curtail a great deal of it by working with people and helping yourself and others lead a good life.   This whole gun debate is not about the guns. It's about that people think guns cause. And in truth guns are not the cause. Owning a gun does not make me want to use it against someone. Just because I can doesn't mean I will. Address the reasons that cause people to want to use the available tools for destructive means and you can make the world a better place.
YAY! WHAT HE/SHE SAID!!emoticon_xhoho
Couldn't agree more.
Cutting off the supply is a justifiable goal.  It would be if it were possible.   To acomplish this you would have to:   -Make extinct all plants that can be used to make drugs. -Destroy all chemicals that can be used to make drugs. -Erase all knowledge pertaining to the process of making drugs. -Find and Destroy all drugs in existence.  -Erase the knowledge that drugs exist and what they do.   The reason you would have to do these things is because it has been proven time and again that whenever there is a demand for something in society there will always be someone supplying or attempting to supply said demand.   Best modern evidence to the fact is the American alcohol prohibition of the early 1900's.   The same equasion can be applied to anything that there is a demand for.
Also, again, it is disingenuous to suggest that easy access to drugs is not part of the problem, however minor the problem you believe it to be.   I think you're in the right arena but having some trouble finding the right seat on this one :)   Means of drug access is a heavy contributing factor to allot of the gun crime we have here in the USA.   Drugs are not as easy to come by as one might think. There is allot of risk invloved.   -You might get caught... going to jail can take a person with a simple vice that had an otherwise good life and turn him/her into a burdon on society.  -Criminals are the ones who deal drugs... they might rip you off or kill you.  -Drugs are expensive. Due to hard crackdowns drugs are very costly... feeding a habbit is expensive and people will do anything to feed the habbit. Lie, Cheat, Steal, Kill and whatever else has to happen for them to get what they need.  -Sharing of hard to come by paraphanalia spreads deadly desiese.   In reality the things that are in place that make drugs more difficult to access are causing more overall crime.   If drugs were more accessable we would likly have far less crime and far more drug adicts.   I'm fine with that. You can punish people for doing stupid things on drugs just like drunk drivers get punished (some places anyway).   I happen to think that you cannot save everyone. Drugs (starting them anyway) are a choice, like drinking and smoking. Let them be legal and then we all know who the adicts are when they show up to get their supply. Let the adicts be adicts. They will destroy their own lives and leave others unharmed (for the most part) by their actions. Eventually that element would diminish as the hardcore adicts OD and die off. The recreational users would continue to use recreational drugs (Pot and such). Minimal harm there. There might be a national shortage of macrowave burito's but hey... ya can't have everything perfect.
 You can only curtail violence by addressing the cause of the violence not the manner in which it was carried out.  Best thing I've seen written yet on this forum! Awesome post! Its CULTURAL people! Guns and Gun control has nothing to do with it!
I think you might want to check your logic here... As far as I am aware, drug addicts cause a great deal of crime to support their habit.  Yes, absolutly right. They do. But why?  Getting high does not constitute automatic crime as the media and polititions would have you believe. You don't just snort some coke and automatically decide to rob someone.   The crime generally comes from desperation. Desperation for getting the next fix. The desperation exists because the drug of choice is very dificult to obtain due to it's cost and availability. Desperate people do desperate things. Take out the desperation and you take out the crime.   Think of Cigaretes. Cigaretes are just as physically adictive as some of the harder drugs. It's been said by medical scientists that Cigaretes are as hard if not harder to kick then Heroin. I've known some people who have been on Heroin and it's a nightmare to watch.   Now if Cigaretes are so hard and terrible. Why is it that we never hear of "Cigarete related Crime"? How come noone kills anyone else over this adiction? How come you never hear of someone robbing a store for cigarete money?   Because this drug is relativly inexpensive and widly available. Getting the next fix is not a desperate thing because in a tight spot with no money for the next fix most poeple don't have to look far to "bum" a smoke from someone and feed the craving. The desperation disapeares at this point.  Getting High is done for it's own sake. If you want to eliminate the Gun crime that permiates from drug related issues (which is substantial in the USA) you must target the desperation that causes the crime.   The end result that people abhore is the pain and loss that comes from the crime. People look to place blame for their loss. They place the blame on Drugs and Guns. But those are just objects. The objects did not commit or cause the crime. It takes a person to cause a crime. They commited the crime for a reason. Most times the reason is desperation.   In order to reduce the crime that we all abhore you must attack the desperation. You cannot curtail supply and demand, you cannot totally eliminate drugs, new ones will replace them. You cannot eliminate weapons like guns, new ones will replace them. You must focus on the real cause. The desparation in people that commit crimes that results from the circumstances of their lives. Address those issues by working with people and their addictions. Not squashing them under foot and sending them to jail which ruins any change of betterment for them. Take the money from the war on drugs and the money spent enforcing drug laws and put it into social action programs that will treat the people not the object.   Annother option if to research the nature of adiction. If someone were to create a treatment that could instantly and compleatly cure the craving of adiction and remove the need for the next fix. The desperation would also be removed. That would at least drop the drug related crime through the floor. Instead of sending people to jail for useing hard drugs, treat them for adiction. Try to help the person be a productive member of society and not just annother life long criminal going from one desperate situation to annother.   The other side of the coin is greed. Selling is profitable because it's risky. Demand is low, supply is high. Being a supplier is very risky. With so much money and risk people also get desperate in these situations. Being that people doing this are allready willing to violate the law... crime breeds out of this as well. Dealers shooting eachother over teritory and supplies. It's a risky game where the penelties are death and jail for screwing up. Desperation and the human need for self preservation here drive even more crime.   And this whole thing is all because our leaders decided to treat the object and not the root causes. Because objects are easier to put in a campaign slogan and more tanjable for stiring up the masses.
I too would like to show my support for your argument here. Cheersemoticon_xhoho
Sigma,   Most of your line of sugestion pertaining to the control of the supply of guns and drugs looks to be the kind of thinking that is allready in use by the current policy. We know from the last 30 years in this country that these ideas are badly flawed and do not work. It's nothing but "feel good" ploitics.   I believe that every law abiding American head of household should be required to own and maintain a firearm. Places in the world where this mentality exist have virtualy no violent crime at all. As well as several towns in America where this practice is a law. As far as criminals getting guns. It's gonna happen one way or the other. I'd rather have a fighting chance personally.   With such a high correlation, however, I would not rule out causation. This is like saying you don't drink and automatically decide to drive. This is true, but drinking makes it more difficult to make a good judgement call on that score, so what you stated here is disingenuous.   Spoken like someone who has never touched an illegal drug in their life. I'm not advocating that you try illegal drugs mind you but it's a bit difficult to make a determination like that without the experience to back it up. I like my take on this better. It comes from real world experience, some personal and some second hand.   Which is why gun control and drug laws are not as effective as they possibly could be.  They can never be effective for one simple reason. Only law abiding people obey the law. Criminals do not. There is an expression I've heard come from a great many not so law abiding people. "It's only illegal if you get caught." That's the criminal mentality. The laws you would put in place only serve to hurt the people who obey the laws. While out of desperation, greed and hatred the criminal element will take advantage of the laws by being willing to thwart them for personal gain where honest people will not.   There are no easy answers to these issues. They have been with us for thousands of years. We do know however that what our country is doing is not working and we also know that as laws get tougher the crime gets worse. Laws are not the answer.   Also one of the things I'm trying to get at:   Heroin and other very hard and very dangerous drugs should not be in stores or anything like that. Society should also stop focusing on the drug. Eliminate heroin and someone will invent something more addictive and more dangerous. Focus on the Social problems that get people into doing heroin and work with that. It's not 100% effective but it's all you can do without causing nasty side effects.   As far as lighter drugs... LSD, POT, X, Magic Mushrooms, and a few other relativly harmless drugs that are made out to be killers. These should be Legal, Sold and taxed.   Amsterdam legalized Pot and saw a huge drop in the use of things like heroin and cocane. Also a huge drop in violent crime.
Before I go any further with this...   Let me ask you something.     If you had a problem at work with a co-worker (a peer, not above or below you in rank). The guy makes fun of you, plays pranks, generaly is causing your work life to be miserable. As far as you know your respective boss is not aware of this behavior as of yet but you know He has a low tolorence for this kind of thing.   How do you handle the situation with the co-worker?
I just felt like pointing out that its interesting how the current argument supports the point of the original post. By arguing how drugs cause crime, it shows that the real problems are the causes, not guns; just like the first post says...
It depends. Is the co-worker aware that his behavior is bothering me?  Maybe... maybe not. You have to look at this from your own perspective. Not from the outside looking in.
I've got a detailed response... i'll post it later. Gotta finish up here at work and head home at the moment.
You're acting like everyone who doesn't agree with you thinks that guns walk around and kill people by themselves. No one in their right minds thinks that. Yeah, a lot of people have tough lives, but, just as you say violence will always be around, poverty will also always be around. We, as a country, do things to try and limit poverty, but there is no way to stop it entirely. That is an unrealistic goal. The same holds true for gun control. There is no way to entirely stop violence or murder, but we place laws to try to limit it. That is the point of gun control. Now, I'm not saying that we should entirely ban guns, but we should do more to control them. The fact that gun control laws won't eliminate violence is not the main issue. Where are the statistics of the murders that have been prevented by the gun control laws we have in place? There is no way to determine how many, but there have been a lot. Suppose we don't place any laws, and a person goes, gets a gun, and kills someone. The person is dead, but the inconvenience it would have caused to make stricter laws wouldn't have been worth that one life. Now suppose we place stricter gun control laws that cost the government billions of dollars. We spent millions of dollars, and saved one life. If this law saves just that one life, isn't it worth it?  Why do ye make this so easy?  2003 data Total firearms deaths: 28,000 Motor Vehicle related deaths: 43,000 Cardiovascular related deaths: 936,000 Total number of ammendments protecting firearm possession: 1 Ammendments protecting vehicle possession: 0 Ammendments preventing infringement of right to eat french fries: 0  Given that motor vehicles cause far more deaths annually, how many lives would be saved by lowering the speed limit to 20 MPH. If it saves one life, is it worth it?  Now I'm not saying we should ban french fries, but we should control them. My God! French Fries kill 936,000 people a year and ye are prattling on about firearms! Suppose we don't place a law and Joe Snuffy goes down and crams his face full of French Fries and croaks of a heart attack. Surely it is worth the inconvenience to the rest of us eaters to forego french fries. Perhaps we could simply ban fat folks from purchasing french fries? Limit the number of fries a fat XXX can purchase? Institute a 7-day waiting period before serving the fries?   I hope ye French Fry eaters give your fries a big fat kiss good night. Y'all are just Ronald McDonald extremists.
Now suppose we place stricter gun control laws that cost the government billions of dollars. We spent millions of dollars, and saved one life. If this law saves just that one life, isn't it worth it?  No!   Strict gun Control laws cost more lives then they save. Just look at my other threat entitled "Tech your kids to shoot! Here's why!" on this forum for all the proof you need on that matter.
now... back to the other thing.   Sigma, Everyone gives the response you gave. But most people would not actualy take that route at all. They would go strait to the boss to avoid the possible confruntation. What does that tell you about people's thinking in this day and age?   People for the most part have come to rely on their betters to guide them. Each individual person is capable of being a good person and running their own life. But as a people we are trained from birth to put our faith in things better then ourselves in the hopes that everything will work out just fine.   Same thing with governement and laws. When we have a problem we demand the Gov take care of it by making a law. Parents don't want their kids playing violent video games so instead of parenting. They go to the Gov and demand a law banning violence in video games. Same thing happens with a mess of issues. Including Guns and Drugs. Instead of taking responsability for our own lives we rely on the government and scores of laws to protect us.   Instead of keeping a gun in the home to protect their family. Some people rely on alarm systems and the police to protect them. Personaly I trust a good Dog and a loaded gun anyday over the cops and an alarm which can be disabled and police that might take 15 minutes to get to me. It takes 2 minutes tops to murder a house full of people and rob the place. And people know this. As a result they live in fear and ignorance. So what happens is they call for more protection, more security, more police, more laws, more protection. The Unwillingness of people at large to take personal responsability for their own safty and the safty of their family can only lead to one logical end. Those who will not control their own lives will be controled by others.   In the past I would have said... to each their own. But with all the things going on in the political world and the world at large. I believe America is circleing the drain into a fullblown Dictatorship. Democracy is all but dead and when people finally realize it the whole place is gonna turn on it's head. When that happens I'm gonna want my assault rifles and plenty of ammo. Lots of ammo. When the time comes your gonna wish you had them. If it were you and me in a place and only food enough for 1 to survive and I have my guns... Guess who's gonna eat.   Therin lies my whole point. Laws are not the answer. The more we as a people rely on laws to fix things the easier it is for us to be enslaved. All I can say for my fellow Americans to avoid this grim fate is that there are 2 Presidential hopefulls running that are pushing the platform of true Democracy. Ron Paul (Rep) and Mike Gravel (Dem). Get one of those guys in office and They might just re-empower the American people. The government works for us.... not the other way around.
Hunting is not the original meaning. Defending yourself against intruders was not in the original meaning.  Wow... are you kidding me? Do you mean to say you do not condone defending your home against an intruder with a firearm is a justified use of the device? That hunting for food is not a justified use of the device? In those days hunting for food was still a major sorce of food you know. Home defence was just as important then as it is now. Instead of drug dealers and gang bangers they and Indians and the British to contend with.   Then why the hell ask me the question if you're going to disbelieve me anyway  BTW I asked you the work question just to see if you would overanalyze. And you did. It's a real simple phyche question that is used allot. I allready knew from the way you write about things what your likly to do in a confruntation situation. Asking you was more or less for my own amusement.   The current use allows schools to be shot up by students and criminals easy access to guns as a means of killing each other and law-abiding citizens. Curbing or regulating these uses is justifiable.  HAHAHA... no no no no no and no! Bzzzzzzzzzzzzz. Try again.   Easy access to guns does not cause people to commit crimes and shoot up schools. We've been over this. There are other factors that drive this behavior. If Guns were not around they would simply be replaced by bombs or swords or nailbats or poison gass or even arson (lock the doors and torch the place) Lets try and see ya try and prevent that. Anyone got 2 sticks?   This has been my whole point all along. The tools which people choose to inflict pain and death are not the cause of said pain and death. Whatever caused the person to inflict said pain and death is what must be addressed. And before you blame drugs you gotta think to look past that too because there are causes for that kind of thing too.   Here are some quotes to back up my first paragraph:   They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.  ---Benjamin Franklin, Historical Review of Pennsylvania, 1759.   No freeman shall ever be debarred the use of arms.  ---Thomas Jefferson: Draft Virginia Constitution, 1776  [C]onceived it to be the privilege of every citizen, and one of his most essential rights, to bear arms, and to resist every attack upon his liberty or property, by whomsoever made. The particular states, like private citizens, have a right to be armed, and to defend, by force of arms, their rights, when invaded.  14 Debates in the House of Representatives, ed. Linda Grand De Pauw. (Balt., Johns Hopkins Univ. Press, 1972), 92-3.
You do have a good point. However, it does not change my mind. We do our best to make cars as safe as we can, but so many people need to travel fast just to work and survive. More importantly, when one gets into a car, they know that they run the risk of crashing.    I do my best to make my house as safe as I can. Firearm possession is one of the means to attain that safety. When the criminal breaks into a home that criminal knows that he runs a risk of earning a chalk outline. Remove the firearms and remove the risk to the criminal. Consequently, ye increase the risk to the homeowner.    Aside from being offensive, this is irrational. Ye are skewing the statistic. It says that there are 936,000 cardiovascular related deaths, not 936,000 french fry deaths. Cardiovascular related deaths also include heart disease, heart attacks from diabetes and smoking, high blood pressure, and congenital cardiovascular defects. Furthermore, when someone is obese from overeating, they know that it's bad for them to live that way. Plus, it's hurting them and nobody else.   Why sir, I am sorry that you find my attempt to divest ye of your french fries to be so offensive. Perhaps then ye may understand my offense at your attempt to usurp my firearm ownership. You can on the one hand point exclusively to the firearm as the agent of destruction and then turn sanctimonious when one threatens your side dish.   Your assertion that the walking land-mass hurts only himself is offensive and irrational. As a runner and athlete, I bear the high cost of that planetoids personal meal decisions. My health insurance rises with his poor dietary choices. And just who pays when that Behemoth has no insurance? What about Gargantuan's kids? They grow up bearing the example of their super-sized parents do they not?   But alas, ye are correct in that french fries do not cause all cardiovascular deaths. Alas, I fear you have me there. So I am prepared to concede that French Fries, as one form of fatty food are not the sole instrument of destruction. There are many different fatty foods, just are there are many different kinds of firearms...Wait a minute there...Clearly if one KIND of fatty food did not cause all 936,000 deaths, certainly one KIND of firearm did not cause all firearm related deaths. To claim otherwise would be skewing the statistics. Why sir, there are breechloaders, black powder, .22, .30, 30.30, 3006, .44, .45, .50, .54, shot gun, lever action, etc etc etc...Perhaps if ye would agree to for all eaters to give up french fries, all firearms owners would agree to give up the .22 (rim-fire only).   Someone who gets murdered isn't doing anything to put themselves at risk, and the murderer is hurting other people, rather than just themselves.  Not true. Clearly not true. You cannot categorically state that all victims had absolutely no control over the circumstances of their demise. Not saying that they deserved what they got, just that it is folly to assume each did everything in their power to eliminate all the risks.
I'm surprised you even would admit it would keep the guns out of the student's hands.  I has stated "If Guns were not around" meaning that they were somehow compleatly eliminated. I was useing an extreme circumstance to prove a point. No I don't think that strict gun control would keep firearms out of the hands of the wrong people by any measure.   Ah. I figured you had no purpose to this :P   No, It had a purpose, It amused me.   I said that easy access to guns provides the means for the criminal behavior.  And I said that criminal behavior exists nonetheless and will find other, possibly more destructive ways of manifesting itself.    Lets Clerify something here.   When were talking about Gun Control most of us are just fine with a few hoops to jump through as long as long abiding people can get guns. Good guns at that. I should be able to arm myself to the teeth with high powered weapons If I so choose without question from the Gov.   Backgorund Check - Fine Special Permit for automatic weapons - Fine (As long as there is a way to get them)  No non-emergency discharge of weapons in public areas - good   On the other hand I wouldn't want a criminal to be able to legaly get the same arsonal. That's Good gun control. The kind that keeps criminal people from LEGALY obtaining firearms.   Bad Gun control are things that hinder a lawfull person from being able to purchase and use firearms. Hense laws that require trigger locks or that firearms be locked up 24/7 with the ammo stored elsewhere. Laws that say I cannot buy a certain gun because it "Looks Scarry" ( Im of corse refering to the idiotic 1994 Clinton Crime Bill with the rediculous assault weapons ban) I'm opposed to Gun Control laws that are un-constitutional like the ones some states have that prevent lawfull people from Conceal Carry. (Keep and Bear arms anyone?)   Lets set that premise and make sure were not debating 2 different things.
...And if it's as easy to kill a person with a pointy stick as with a gun then the US Army could save a lot of money by arming its soldiers with pointy sticks.That's the way it was before the invention of gunpowder. Spears, swords, arrows, darts, pointy sticks...none can reach out and touch someone like a well aimed bullet driven by the gases of exploding powder through a rifled barrel of sufficient length, straightness and consistent caliber.  Prior to this (the invention of gunpowder), I doubt there were any successful efforts to legally control the possession of pointy sticks and stuff. Oh, I'm sure the conquering armies often took the weapons of their defeated foes, but those foes made some more weapons and fought again. Swords were beat into plowshares and back into swords depending on the needs of the locals.  Even long after the invention of gunpowder, the Mexicans, desirous of remaining free, beat the snot out the French infantry with hoes and a herd of cattle. Sergeant York (as played by Gary Cooper) single-handedly obtained the surrender of hundreds of Germans by picking some of them off (killing them) one at a time as if he were at a turkey shoot...so his one well-aimed rifle saved a load of people by serving as his own personal killing tool...used from a relatively great distance. The "One Shot-One Dead Terrorist" thread that I was maligned for posting demonstrates the surgical capabilities of the modern rifle in the hands of a true sharpshooter.  How dare you even suggest the army go back to pointy sticks. It's how you use the gun that counts.
What are you basing this on? The surveys I've seen that show that women, blacks, and minority groups are more likely to support gun control. People living in poor inner city neighborhoods are more likely to support gun control.  I don't intend this as an isult of any kind to the pople you outlined but the women, blacks, and minority groups opinion you are basing you're statment on is for the most part un-educated and passion driven. If in an inner city neighborhood all you see is shooting and killing day to day it's natural to work up an irrational passion against guns. Just because a large number of people have the same opinion about a subject does not make that opinion correct in any way. Allot of people use to think the world was flat. Minorities also refuse to believe that their own comunities are the problem for the crime. They are the cause of their own issues. There is such a culture of "Blaming the Man" in this country that people refuse to take action and better themselves and their community. The problems of crime and gun violence are Social not physical. Guns are physical. Also I might add that such survay's also include the opinion of gang members and criminals. Those types of people LOVE gun control. Makes it safer for them to do what they do.     Why is it when you defend yourself the type of weapon you have does matter? You say recognize a gun as being "the most effective means of defense a person can carry" But when it comes to killing people all weapons are equally effective- whether it be a gun, a rock or a pointy stick.  WOW... talk about missing the point....   Lets take a look at History for this one.   The Battle of Hastings 1066 A.D.  Norman Army:  6000 men at arms with the melee weapons of the time.   Saxon Army:  4000 Men at arms with the Melee Weapon of the Time (said to be some of the best fighters in all of Europe at that time)   Casualties:  estimated 6000 dead total on both sides.   So out of just 10000 men that Took the field of battle, 6000 died.   60% loss of life in battle.   Many large scale mideval battles like this one show 40-60% dead.  Lets look at a War with Firearms  The Union armies had 2,750,000 men. Battle deaths: 110,070   The Confederate strength was 1,250,000. Battle deaths: 94,000   Total Men = 4,000,000 Dead in Battle = 204,070  5% loss of life in battle  % of battle deaths against the # of participating soldiers in modern warfare is far lower in most all cases.   Food for thought.
Welcome to the forum Unriggable. It sounds like you take the position that our current gun control regulatory scheme is inadequate to address the safety issues you raise. If this is your position, then let me ask a couple of questions to clarify your thoughts on the issue if I might:  What gun control laws in addition to those we currently have would you favor?  For any new law you propose, what argument would you put forward to defend its constitutionality?
Okay. Well what I am about to say may seem cliche, but at the time of the signing of the bill of rights (and the second amendment) 'arms' were weapons which would take a good ten to fifteen seconds to load (not only that but the wielder has to stand still while they reload), meaning that once a shot was fired people had plenty of time to run for their lives, and as a result few lives were lost. So today's weapons, which are way off that scale, follow that two hundred year old rule. To me that makes no sense. The availability of guns led to so many crises (crisises?) in recent history. I wouldn't mind it as much if there was a law that required some level of training for guns to be purchased, so we know that whoever buys these will no how to defend themselves.  Yes, guns will always be circulated illegally. But do you think that when it comes to guns, you can fight fire with fire? Keep in mind the stat above: For every person shot in self defense, four are shot by accident (personally, when somebody raids my house, I knife their XXX).  Those weapons that required several seconds to load managed to kill over one million during the American Civil War. I guess them yanks and rebs jes weren't so good at runnin or else you jes ain't good at figurin what constitutes "a few lives".  One may apply your approach to the 2nd amendment to the 1st as well. "Speech" at the time the constitution consisted of literal speech. The closest thing to radio was the loud XXX town crier. I wouldn't mind if there was a law that required some level of education before someone went off prattling about the constitution.   Be careful you don't knife four people by accident before you successfully stab someone in self defense. Keep in mind, that the weed you would legalize slows your reaction time. That might be a factor the next time you bring a knife to a gun fight.
Okay. Well what I am about to say may seem cliche, but at the time of the signing of the bill of rights (and the second amendment) 'arms' were weapons which would take a good ten to fifteen seconds to load (not only that but the wielder has to stand still while they reload), meaning that once a shot was fired people had plenty of time to run for their lives, and as a result few lives were lost. So today's weapons, which are way off that scale, follow that two hundred year old rule. To me that makes no sense. The availability of guns led to so many crises (crisises?) in recent history. I wouldn't mind it as much if there was a law that required some level of training for guns to be purchased, so we know that whoever buys these will no how to defend themselves.  Yes, guns will always be circulated illegally. But do you think that when it comes to guns, you can fight fire with fire? Keep in mind the stat above: For every person shot in self defense, four are shot by accident (personally, when somebody raids my house, I knife their XXX).  Thanks for responding, Unriggable.  I disagree with Kellerman's 4/1 ratio claim that you ask me to keep in mind. He has a history of first assuming a result and then creating studies using deliberately small and target skewed sampling to prove the point he wants to make. This 1998 study in particular demonstrated blatantly biased methodology. He had at his disposal several years of nationwide data, both urban and rural to choose from, and he samples only 626 events from only three cities. Now I can easily name ten incidents I know of where a homeowner brandished a firearm to run off an intruder. I can then tell you of only one of the incidents I know of where a firearm was used to take a relative's life in a home, and from my statistics I can conclude that a gun is 10 times more likely to be used in self defense than to commit a domestic homicide. My "study" would be as biased and worthless as Kellerman's.   This 1998 study is not the only time Kellerman has engaged in questionable statistical sampling. His most famous study-- the one in which he used approximately 300 shootings to conclude that a gun in the home was 41 times more likely to kill a family member than an intruder--was removed from Brady Campaign publications after it was exposed as a fraudulent study. Kellerman's research is akin to arriving at a crowded cocktail party and looking over the heads of all the guests for the few friends he recognizes huddled together in the corner. His studies do not reflect what I have experienced. The vast majority of defensive gun use does not involve a homicide.   Yes, I believe I can fight fire with fire. I agree with your statement that guns will always be circulated easily. With that in mind, I would prefer to be armed and prepared to fight fire with fire than be unarmed and forced to fight fire with say, a handful of straw. I've been threatened with death more than once before, and I have resolved to be armed and prepared should anyone ever attempt to act on their threats.  No knowledgeable self-defense expert will recommend using a knife to hunt down an intruder over taking a stand in an easily defended area of your house with a firearm.   I disagree with a frozen in time approach to civil liberties. If this view prevailed, then my bloging would be limited to a printing press, and my political speech would be limited to the reach of my voice from the top of an overturned soapbox.  Your proposal for mandatory safety training would address the extraordinarily rare occurrence of accidental firearm death, but would have no impact on the rate of intentional firearm-involved homicides. Are there any other gun control measures you would support which would address that concern?  Do you agree or disagree with the statement that the 2nd. Amendment recognizes an individual RKBA?
That should read "21" not "41" times in my previous post. Darned typewriter gremlins....  ---  "And indeed, gentlemen, there exists a law, not written down anywhere but written in our hearts; a law which comes to us not by training or custom or reading but by derivation and absorption and adoption from nature itself; a law which has come to us not by theory but from practice, not by instruction but by natural intuition. I refer to the law which lays it down that, if our lives are endangered by plots or violence or armed robbers or enemies, any and every method of protecting ourselves is morally right. When weapons reduce them to silence, the laws no longer expect one to await their pronouncements. For people who decide to wait for these will have to wait for justice, too--and meanwhile they must suffer injustice first. Indeed, even the wisdom of the law itself, by a sort of tacit implication, permits self- defense, because it does not actually forbid men to kill; what it does, instead, is to forbid the bearing of a weapon with the intention to kill. When, therefore, an inquiry passes beyond the mere question of the weapon and starts to consider the motive, a man who has used arms in self-defense is not regarded as having carried them with homicidal aim." Cicero, Selected Political Speeches, p. 222 (M. Grant, trans. 1975)  "Among the many misdeeds of the British rule in India, history will look upon the Act depriving a whole nation of arms as the blackest. If we want the Arms Act to be repealed, if we want to learn the use of arms, here is a golden opportunity. If the middle class render voluntary help to Government in the hour of its trial, distrust will disappear, and the ban on possessing arms will be withdrawn." Ghandi, 2 M. Gandhi, An Autobiography of the Story of My Experiments with the Truth, p. 374 (M. Desai, trans. 1927).  "And I cannot see, why arms should be denied to any man who is not a slave, since they are the only true badges of liberty. . . .The possession of arms is the distinction between a freeman and a slave. He who has nothing, and belongs to another, must be defended by him, and needs no arms: but he who thinks he is his own master, and has anything he may call his own, ought to have arms to defend himself and what he possesses, or else he lives precariously and at discretion. And though for a while those who have the sword in their power abstain from doing him injury; yet, by degrees, he will be awed into submission to every arbitrary command. Our ancestors, by being always armed, and frequently in action, defended themselves against the Romans, Danes, and English; and maintained their liberty against encroachments of their own princes." Andrew Fletcher, Political Works, pp. 35 and 221 (1749).  "Make mass searches and hold executions for found arms." V. I. Lenin, Collected Works, Vol. 35, 4th ed., p. 286. From Congressional Record, April 28, 1970, p. H3601.  "The great ideals of liberty and equality are preserved against the assaults of opportunism, the expediency of the passing hour, the erosion of small encroachments, the scorn and derision of those who have no patience with general principles, by enshrining them in constitutions, and consecrating to the task of their protection a body of defenders." Justice Benjamin Cardozo, The Nature of the Judicial Process, Lecture II, 1921.  "Pick a night and cordon off a section of South Dallas. Send hundreds of police officers--however many it would take-into the area to 'vacuum it up.' Shake down everybody on the street. Search every house and apartment. Confiscate all drugs and weapons." Ross Perot, The Washington Post, June 6, 1992.  "Experience should teach us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the Government's purposes are beneficent. Men born to freedom are naturally alert to repel invasion of their liberty by evil-minded rulers. The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding." Justice Louis Brandeis in Olmstead v. United States, 277 U.S. 438, 485 (1928).  "Are we at last brought to such an humiliating and debasing degradation that we cannot be trusted with arms for our own defense?" Patrick Henry, 3 Elliot, Debates at 386
Actually, Unriggable, I didn't need to look it up. I've seen the "43 times more likely" claim before. It's Kellermann's as well, and it comes from an article of his published in 1986. For anyone who is interested, here is the cite for it:   "Protection or peril? An analysis of firearms related deaths in the home." (New Engl J Med 1986. 314: 1557-60.) Arthur Kellermann and Don Reay, authors.   This is another predetermined outcome oriented study. Kellermann cherry picked 389 gun deaths for this one. His chosen time frame was 1978 to 1983, and his chosen population base was King County, Washington. There were an extremely abnormal number of firearm-involved suicides in King County during that time (suicides accounted for 333 of the 389 deaths he used, in fact) which assisted him in creating this fantasy figure.   You indicate you are in favor of gun control, Unriggable, and when I asked you listed a proposed regulation for mandatory safety training you would favor. I recognize your belief that this would reduce unintentional firearm deaths. I would oppose such a law. I'll willingly talk with you about why if you want, but I don't believe accidental deaths is the primary focus of the "gun control" movement. In my experience in talking with supporters of gun control it is the intentional criminal misuse of firearms which is the primary evil they allege a desire to eradicate. With that in mind, let me ask you a few more questions:   As a supporter of gun control, do you believe that our current regulatory scheme is sufficient? If not, then what new gun control laws would you propose, and why?  I'd really like to talk about the merits of Gun Control with you, Unriggable. I believe that the 2nd. Amendment recognizes an individual RKBA, but I do not believe the RKBA should be absolute and unrestricted. I also believe that part of talking rationally with someone about gun control is understanding their position. This is why I ask you questions, Unriggable. But don't think I am the only one who can do so. Ask away if you want to understand where I come from on this issue.   ---  "And that the said Constitution be never construed to authorize Congress to infringe the just liberty of the Press, or the rights of Conscience; or to prevent the people of the United States, who are peaceable citizens, from keeping their own arms. . . ." Samuel Adams, Debates & Proceedings in the Convention of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, 86-87 (February 6, 1788).  "And I cannot see, why arms should be denied to any man who is not a slave, since they are the only true badges of liberty. . . .The possession of arms is the distinction between a freeman and a slave. He who has nothing, and belongs to another, must be defended by him, and needs no arms: but he who thinks he is his own master, and has anything he may call his own, ought to have arms to defend himself and what he possesses, or else he lives precariously and at discretion. And though for a while those who have the sword in their power abstain from doing him injury; yet, by degrees, he will be awed into submission to every arbitrary command. Our ancestors, by being always armed, and frequently in action, defended themselves against the Romans, Danes, and English; and maintained their liberty against encroachments of their own princes." Andrew Fletcher, Political Works, pp. 35 and 221 (1749).  "In Mississippi rebel State forces, men who were in the rebel armies, are traversing the State, visiting the freedmen, disarming them, perpetrating murders and outrages on them. . . ." Congressional Globe, 39th. Congress, 1st. Session, part 1, at p. 40 (December 13, 1865) [Speech of Senator Henry Wilson (Republican-Massachusetts)]  "Editor Loyal Georgian: Have colored persons a right to own and carry firearms?-A Colored Citizen Almost every day we are asked questions similar to the above. We answer certainly you have the same right to own and carry arms that other citizens have. You are not only free but citizens of the United States and as such entitled to the same privileges granted to other citizens by the Constitution. . . . Article II, of the amendments to the Constitution of the United States, gives the people the right to bear arms, and states that this right shall not be infringed. Any person, white or black, may be disarmed if convicted of making an improper or dangerous use of weapons, but no military or civil officer has the right or authority to disarm any class of people, thereby placing them at the mercy of others. All men, without distinction of color, have the right to keep and bear arms to defend their homes, families or themselves." From issues of the Loyal Georgian, January 20, 27 and February 3, 1866.  "Make the colored man a citizen of the United States and he has every right which you or I have as citizens of the United States under the laws and Constitution of the United States. . . .He has a defined status; he has a country and a home; a right to defend himself and his wife and children; a right to bear arms. . . ." Congressional Globe, 39th. Congress, 1st. Session, part 2, p. 1266 (March 8, 1866) [Speech of congressman Henry J. Raymond (Republican-New York)]
Thanks for asking me what additional laws I would implement. After seeing an episode of "It takes a theif" a few months back, I realized it would be wise to charge every gun customer another twenty bucks for a standard gun lock. This means that when a house is robbed and firearms are stolen, they cannot be sold illegally easily (at least without some effort, more than its worth). This would make illegal gun circulation a bit harder.  In addition, I think you need a permit to own a gun of any kind - they aren't hard to acquire, just takes a bit of waiting time. That way, it would be easier to link crimes to the criminals who used the guns since there is a database. Besides, no reason for guns on the go, anybody can wait a month or so.  Thanks for responding, Unriggable. Let me address the points you raise....  I'm going to disagree with the idea that mandatory locks would deter gun thefts. Locks are designed primarily as a safety measure to prevent an unauthorized person (such as a child) from firing a gun. They are not designed to deter a thief, who once he has stolen the gun can take as long as he wants to cut the lock. Therefore, I a disagree that mandatory locks would create a theft deterrent.   I also see no valid reason to force otherwise law abiding individuals to wait when purchasing a firearm. The claim that a waiting period deters crimes of sudden passion has always been a sham argument. The instant check system has been used for over a decade now, and there have been no reported increases in crimes committed with a gun purchased on the spur of the moment. Therefore, I see no justification for restricting access to a fundamental right when it serves no legitimate purpose.  Now a permit/registration scheme is an interesting issue which comes with a few problems. The first problem would be the potential for massive passive resistance to a registration or permit scheme, like what we have seen in Canada. In my opinion it would be impossible to construct a permit or registration scheme that would cover the vast secondary (individual to individual "street" sales) market. The only way to enforce a permit or registration scheme would be to criminalize it and prosecute persons who get caught with a gun they did not register or did not obtain a permit for. This may be fine and good in the abstract, but in reality it would have no impact on fighting gun crime other than to make inadvertent criminals out of otherwise law-abiding gun owners.  I say this because there will be a number of people who would be exempt from a permit or registration requirement. Convicted murderers, rapists, robbers, home burglars, child sexual offenders, or indeed any other convicted felon would be exempt. Also exempt would be convicted stalkers, persons found guilty of domestic violence, and persons previously involuntarily committed to a mental health institution for either past violence or the potential for future violence. We talk all the time about keeping guns out of these "wrong" hands, and these are the very people who would be immune from prosecution for refusing to submit to a mandatory permit or registration scheme. Here's why:   It is a crime for these persons to possess a firearm. If the state mandates that they announce their possession of a firearm through obtaining permits or registering firearms then it forces them to incriminate themselves in violation of their 5th. Amendment right.   This has been tried before. In 1968 Congress enacted a number of firearm restrictions under the title of the National Firearms Act. The NFA contained a mandatory firearm possession registration scheme; which required all persons to register possession of and be taxed on their possession of certain classes of firearms Congress determined were being used principally by persons engaged in unlawful activities. The registration scheme was enforced by two new criminal statutes: 26 U.S.C. § 5841 made it a crime for failure to register possession of a particular type of firearm, and 26 U.S.C. § 5851 made it a crime to possess an unregistered firearm. SCOTUS declared that prosecutions for a violation of these registration requirements was unconstitutional because registration compelled self-incrimination--See Haynes v. United States, 390 U.S. 85 (1968). Now we could try to avoid the constitutional challenge by calling it a "permit" scheme instead, but SCOTUS looks at the application of a law and not the title Congress gives it when deciding constitutionality, and a mandatory "permit" scheme is equivalent to a registration scheme in both its requirement of self-incrimination and its purpose of establishing a nationwide database.  Therefore, I would oppose a permit/registration scheme because it would punish the innocent while ignoring the guilty.   ---  "False is the idea of utility that sacrifices a thousand real advantages for one imaginary or trifling inconvenience; that would take fire from men because it burns, and water because one may drown in it; that has no remedy for evils, except destruction. The laws that forbid the carrying of arms are laws of such a nature. They disarm only those who are neither inclined nor determined to commit crimes. Can it be supposed that those who have the courage to violate the most sacred laws of humanity, the most important of the code, will respect the less important and arbitrary ones, which can be violated with ease and impunity, and which, if strictly obeyed, would put and end to personal liberty--so dear to men, so dear to the enlightened legislator--and subject innocent persons to all the vexations that the guilty alone ought to suffer? Such laws make things worse for the assaulted and better for the assailants; they serve rather to encourage than to prevent homicides, for an unarmed man may be attacked with greater confidence than an armed man. The ought to be designated as laws not preventative but fearful of crimes, produced by the tumultuous impression of a few isolated facts, and not by thoughtful consideration of the inconveniences and advantages of a universal decree." Thomas Jefferson, Commonplace Book, 1774-1776, quoting 18th century criminologist Cesare Beccaria in On Crimes and Punishment, 1764.
Thanks for asking me what additional laws I would implement. After seeing an episode of "It takes a theif" a few months back, I realized it would be wise to charge every gun customer another twenty bucks for a standard gun lock. This means that when a house is robbed and firearms are stolen, they cannot be sold illegally easily (at least without some effort, more than its worth). This would make illegal gun circulation a bit harder.   Trigger locks are bogus. They do nothing but hinder the gun owner in an emergency. Let me make it clear... Anyone with 5 minutes to spare and a decent powerdrill can destroy any gun lock hands down.
Safes are nothing more than a metal box. Anybody with time can take it apart.  You guys realize that you're ignoring the police option? It takes about three minutes for a car to arrive at the door, barely any time for a theif or anybody to snag a bunch of items and run off with them.  If you have a 3 minute police response time that is pretty good. The nationwide average for urban areas is 11 minutes. Of course, the response time is logged from the tame the call is dispatched, which does not come until after the operator is done, so you have to factor in 2.5 minutes for that (average 911 call from answer to dispatch is 2 minutes 27 seconds) Of course you have to keep in mind that the response tiem is based on the call, and odds are you are not going to call as the guy is breaking in...more likely your intruder will have been in the house for some time.   To me that matters very little anyway because i don't live in an urban area. One time I had to call the police and it took them nearly 40 minutes to arrive. We have 5 officers that cover 778 square miles. There is almost never more than 2 officers on shift at a time, and if they happen to be on the other end of the county, you are pretty much screwed.   Gun locks are designed to keep kids from playing with guns. They are pretty flimsy protection against an adult. Cable locks (the most popular) are easily cut with a pair of side cutters. That is one of their appeals...if you loose the key you can just snip the cable. Trigger locks are slighly more secure, but you can still clamp it in a vice and they pop right apart with a pipe wrench. I have done it more than once when friends have come down to hunt and realized once they got here that they left the key to their gun lock at home. The exception is the smith and wesson trigger locks. Those pop off if you hit the bottom with a rock.
Safes are nothing more than a metal box. Anybody with time can take it apart.   Not anybody can crack a good gunsafe. It takes a little brainpower and a nice plasmacutter in most cases.  I'm all for gunsafes if I can get into it in under 3 seconds.   You guys realize that you're ignoring the police option? It takes about three minutes for a car to arrive at the door, barely any time for a theif or anybody to snag a bunch of items and run off with them.  Police are useless in home invasion emergencies. And Daewoo is right. Response time is unpredictable. It takes a good thief only a couple of minutes to clean you out while you cower in a closet waiting for the police hoping the burgler isn't the violent type. Takes me about 5 seconds from being startled awake to being armed and ready to defend my family with my Glock-17. Annother few seconds if I want to grab my AK-47 to mount a more substantial defence.   When someone violates you're home wether it be for simple robery for something far worse, all bets are off. That person is no loger a person. They are a threat to you and you're family. You cannot safly determine the full nature of the threat in that situation. You're duty to you're family is the eliminate said threat with any means at you're disposal.   Alarm systems can be disabled, Police are too slow, non-lethal weapons that are available to the public are too in-efective. The best home security in the world available to the avarage Joe is a big dog and a big gun.   I'm better armed and better suited then the Cops when it comes to the defence of my own home.
There are two points to address with the mandatory gun locks deterrent argument. The first is whether a mandatory law would deter home burglaries to begin with, and the second is whether they would help prevent or deter gun theft in the event of a burglary.  In my opinion a mandatory trigger lock law would not deter burglaries from occurring. Guns are stolen because they are portable, concealable, and have a high street value. So are TV's, DVD players, jewelry, keys to the spare car, prescription drugs, computers, etc. Burglars know we are not locking these things up, and they know they are far more likely to find these items of value in a break-in anyway. Mandatory locks designed to prevent burglars from stealing only one of 20 or more types of coveted items does not in my opinion deter the burglary from occurring.   Would a mandatory trigger lock law then help prevent gun thefts from a burglary? I don't think they would. Locks do not affect the portability of firearms-and a thief can take the gun quickly from the larceny scene to another, safer location where he can work on breaking it at leisure.   On the question of gun safes, they can be broken into as well, but they are far better at preventing gun loss if a burglary occurs than trigger locks. Burglars are not typically armed with the tools necessary to defeat a gun safe. If the thief does show up with the tools to "crack" a gun safe, then he must be prepared to spend a great deal of time exposing himself to capture at the crime scene while "cracking" it. The alternative is for the thief to draw attention to himself by showing up with the necessary equipment to move and transport such a heavy and difficult to conceal object. When gun safes are defeated it typically comes in break-ins where the burglar knows the home owner will be away for several days and he can take his time drilling out the lock.   On the question of police response times, I believe a three minute average is too optimistic. I have seen calls responded to that quickly, but they are a lucky few. Everything has to fall in place perfectly-an unoccupied officer has to happen to be nearby when the call comes in. If we rely on the police alone then we have to pray that when we call 911 those officers are not already several miles away at another call fighting to arrest a drunk who beat his wife. It is a very rare event for officers to arrive quickly enough at a home burglary to catch the thief "in the act."  --- And indeed, gentlemen, there exists a law, not written down anywhere but written in our hearts; a law which comes to us not by training or custom or reading but by derivation and absorption and adoption from nature itself; a law which has come to us not by theory but from practice, not by instruction but by natural intuition. I refer to the law which lays it down that, if our lives are endangered by plots or violence or armed robbers or enemies, any and every method of protecting ourselves is morally right. When weapons reduce them to silence, the laws no longer expect one to await their pronouncements. For people who decide to wait for these will have to wait for justice, too--and meanwhile they must suffer injustice first. Indeed, even the wisdom of the law itself, by a sort of tacit implication, permits self- defense, because it does not actually forbid men to kill; what it does, instead, is to forbid the bearing of a weapon with the intention to kill. When, therefore, an inquiry passes beyond the mere question of the weapon and starts to consider the motive, a man who has used arms in self-defense is not regarded as having carried them with homicidal aim. Cicero , Selected Political Speeches, p. 222 (M. Grant, trans. 1975) Defense of habitation and justifiable self-defense overlap in the "castle doctrine" which states that one may, without retreating, use force, to include deadly force if necessary, to keep aggressors out of his own house. This part of the castle doctrine is one aspect of defense of habitation. . . . [T]he justification exists in the curtilage as well as the castle. Roger D. Groot, Criminal Offenses and Defenses in Virginia 114 (3rd ed. 1994)
While certainly the reasons people use drugs should and must be addressed, I think it disingenuous to suggest that easy access to drugs is not part of the problem. Cutting off the supply is a justifiable goal.  And after 40 years of the war on drugs and drug control, just how close are we to that? You must remove the demand for illegal drugs because as long as there is a demand there will be someone there to smuggle it, make it, or grow it and supply it.
Safes are nothing more than a metal box. Anybody with time can take it apart.  You guys realize that you're ignoring the police option? It takes about three minutes for a car to arrive at the door, barely any time for a theif or anybody to snag a bunch of items and run off with them.  Ok so let's say for a moment I am a member of the working poor with just a few items of value and I live in a poor neighborhood riddled with crime. Let's say I keep an old handgun for home protection because not only can a whole lot of violence happen to my family by a criminal in three minutes, being the high crime area I live in the cops are usually too busy anyway to arrive even close to three minutes away. So I would need this handgun for defense in a dangerous neighborhood and I am living paycheck to paycheck with just enough money for rent and my family to eat and you want a law that would make me buy an expensive safe for my defensive handgun or else give it up?  Many gun control laws are racist or hurt the less fortunate minorities the most and they are often the ones which need guns the most for lawful self defense.  By the way my brother lives in a poor neighborhood of Baltimore city and he called the cops on house theives which were actively breaking into the house accross the street. The cops arrived in three hours and didn't even get out of the car. The next day they came back for a report. The same brother living in the same place used to have a burglar alarm system. The thieves not only were able to break in and have plenty of time to rob his house, they stole the burglar alarm system. They sometimes arrive in three minutes for a violent crime in the act, but for theft or burglary they simply don't in most areas. A determined thief will often have plenty of time.  A safe makes it harder for theives to get away with guns, but it is foolhardy to think it will stop the determined. Also it is wrong to expect all gun owners to afford a safe if there is a law passed making them have one so that only the rich or the elite can have guns.
Ok First of all in the constitution it says we have the right to bear arms. It is our right and what if we do outlaw guns? Criminols are gonna have them and could kill us. Statistics show that it is 1 cop for 20,000 people!! it might be just me but i want to be protected at all times and the most effective way!!!!And about the "accidental Deaths" by kids not knowing what guns do at a early age.. Schools should have a program [other than dare] that teaches you not to use guns and make up rules if you ever come into contact with one. This gun-control thing is going to far! -Student Age: 14 America -
yes it is against the second amement yes. But dont u want to be protected at tall times?
Yes i wouldnt have guns but these criminols would cause they do stuff illegaly. And i kno people who have used guns to protect themselves in there homeemoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_cry
Gun Control = Holding the gun steady and on target as the trigger is squeezed...   Yes I am for good gun control!
ok it MIGHT by a few percentage but its been shown that people wo dostuff illegaly kill more. They would use illegal weapons so ur reason is irelivant.emoticon_angry emoticon_xagree
Gun Control = Holding the gun steady and on target as the trigger is squeezed...   Yes I am for good gun control!  Ok dudegun control i ment was takeing guns away
:xbanghead :xbanghead :xbanghead :xbanghead it would be easyer to crack down on gangs and so WAY LESS... like down to 8%emoticon_xkill emoticon_cry :telephone dang he just missed the phone  ok dude gangs wouldnt give their guns up!!! they would keep them because there ILLEGAL
Your missing the point.... Gangs do many things otehr than gang wars...And Women would have a gun so they will protect themselves!!!!emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_love emoticon_cry emoticon_cry emoticon_cry
AGGHHHHH dude u are contriditiing yourself!!!!!!!!!!! u say they wont take away but takeing away will help !?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?1/!?!!?!?!?!?1?1/ that makes no sense!!!emoticon_angry emoticon_angry emoticon_angry emoticon_angry
u kno i have heard that and they had there gun next to there bed..etc so they didnt get kiledemoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill
DUDE c'mon if the government took guns then eventually we'd be at a technical disadvantage 100 years in the future durin war time!!!emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill
last post for me of the day, Now Gangs arwe stupid they wont be that smart they failed school!!!! this isnt your world GUNS FO LIFE
not exactly..that would suck hunting would be lame cause the guns they "rent" out are very lame indeedemoticon_xchicken
besides where would be the Xp for gun use. How would you react if someone just handed you a gun and said,"kill em all."emoticon_xagree
i would say "Who do i kill?"emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill
but you wonldnt know how to use a gun. actually firing a gun takes skill and thats what are millitary really needsemoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill = emoticon_xhoho
well some people like me have skill with a gun
Y are u arguing with me we're on the same side!!!!:xbanghead :xcensored
duh i was just saying i can use a gunemoticon_xagree
ya ya i know
back to the issue at hand. We dont need crappy gun controlemoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill
AMENemoticon_xangel
Anyone Else Wanna Try To Step Up!!!!!!!!
none, but knowing my luck right when the gov. takes the ugns a guy breaks into my houseemoticon_emb
why in the heck would you thinjk that the government would be able to take guns away from felons?????? the only people that would give away their guns are law-abidding citizens!!!! then crime would go up because the felons would have guns and we would fight them off with bats!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
somthin like thisemoticon_xkill emoticon_xchicken
Ok but they would still have a cashe of weapons hiden somewhere. They would have weapons saved!
How do you think the government would take away the guns????????????????there will always be felons!!!!!emoticon_xagree beet that!
 Semiliterate gun enthusiasts scare me.   Ha!, that should be a bumbersticker!  However, I do not agree with gun control. First of all, it violates the second amendment. Second of all, I wholeheartedly believe in the thinking that guns don't kill people, people kill people. You need to crack down on violence, not guns. Besides, you would just create a black market for guns and it would make the entire situation worse because those who want to lets say rob a liquor store would have a gun and the owner would have a bat...hmm.   I'm not a redneck or a bush-loving republican but violence is the issue not guns!  Vote Ron Paul 2008! (against gun control, against taxes, against North American Union, against abortion unfortunately, for better social security and health care)
God help us all! emoticon_frazzled
I don't understand how taking away innocent people's only means of protection will help us.
ya like gun control is taking all guns away from private citizens and all guns are controlled by the government and the policeemoticon_xdonno  taking away guns from private citezens would not stop people from keeping them illeagsaemoticon_xkill emoticon_cry emoticon_idea y
I get into constant arguments with people about this. This is the most common one I get.  "But I don't feel safe with any one having a gun. Only police officers and security guards should carry and have them."   First of all, feeling safe is NOT a right...that's a state of mind. It seems people think feeling safe is somehow a right, it's NOT. Self-defense IS a right. That is right granted by the Constitution, specifically the 2nd Amendment. In no where does it say "only police officers or military, etc" it says the people! Secondly, citizens with CCW (concealed weapons permits) are just a capable as police officers and security guards. Most if not all CCW holders have to go through some kind of training with firearms. Accidents hardly ever happen. Don't believe me? Look at the stats.
Protecting yourself from criminals is only one reason to own a gun (and because they're criminal they don't care about the law so they'll find a gun anyway). An even better reason for the public to be allowed to own weapons is that it protects against government usurpations. It is no coincidence that one of the first things any totalitarian regime does is take away guns. If the government takes your rights and those of others and you don't have a gun, what's the best you can do? Challenge it in court, what if they're in on it? Go and throw rocks at them, they'll just pick you off with 50 calibers. The second amendment and the tenth (as if it is enforced) are the safeguards of your liberty, not the first or any other provision.
I know what country I live in and what its Constitution says. My question to gun advocates is why with nearly no guns in many European countries and others, is the crime rate so much lower than ours? Many enjoy most or all the liberties we enjoy with the exception of gun ownership and yet there are simply fewer criminals. If all our guns make us free and safe, how come we're not safe and not any more free? Do we have more outlaws because of our historical relationship with firearms? Is the psychological attachment to the gun the same for both law abiding gun owner and outlaw? Don't both villian and hero intend to prevail by virtue of the gun's power?  It's not, and I wouldn't want to live in Europe anyway because by the end of the century Europe will be no more. Besides that they have only slightly lower gun crime, even though they ban guns. I believe in Russia they have banned guns from private possession, yet I know an immigrant from there who says you can find AK's and even an occasional RPG just laying in back alleys ready for any criminal to pick up. I personally hope they're found by revolutionaries who dislike Putin and the Sudo-Soviet government.
Ummm "feeling safe" is one of the reasons we have so many laws... so, in a sense, feeling safe is a right.  I am neither gun lover nor gun hater. However, a concealed weapon is a concealed weapon. Perhaps a gun owner has some training as to how to fire a gun, but police officers and (hopefully) security guards are trained to protect and uphold a law. Granted no one is perfect, but you cannot compare the training a CCW holder receives with that of the years of academy training a police officer goes through. Millions upon millions of americans go through life without ever firing a gun. Probably the majority of americans. I honestly don't feel it's safe to have someone with a CCW walking around a peaceful neighborhood toting a gun. It's pointless. If a neighborhood is dangerous and the police support is failing, then I can understand. But in anytown USA, I think it's beyond ridiculous.  The constition was written so long ago. I don't think the founders ever imagined a population so big or so many powerful weapons in the circulation. The constitional law was also meant more on the lines of militia. I'm all for hunting and recreational gun useage. But there has to be common sense as to what exactly a real threat is. And, there have been LOTS of accidents... including the bufoonery of our current vice president. There has to be reasonable control. There is no reason to have cop-killing guns in the population. Because of the lack of control laws we let happen, we now have created a larger problem of black market weapons. One has to wonder about the psychological makeup of joe or suzie blo carrying a concealed weapon in anytown USA. I'm sorry, it's more dangerous, not safe.  So your saying since some things make you afraid we should ban, destroy, etc them? Would you really give up a lot of your rights just to feel safe?   I think you're misunderstanding the concept of CCW. If no one can see it, there is no harm done. I'm sure there are tons of people around where I live with CCW (license) and walking around. It hasn't turned into the OK Corral or anything of that nature. Neither are people freaking out. If you do you're just being paranoid. If you ever take a CCW course you will realize that they take this very seriously. The majority of gun owners are not irresponsible and won't go around toting their guns in front of people because they are ######.   You say police officers are "better trained?" That's debatable. I have read lots of stories where police officers were accidentally shot. Although you might not believe it, some police officers tend to forget basic safety protocols, which could result in the death or injury of another person. They are human after all. CCW's holders have to follow the same protocols and probably do so at a higher rate due to public opinion.  Even if it was written long ago, it is still the law of the land. I'm sure the founders never imagined the internet and the MSM..but hey that's legal right? I can understand reasonable controls, but what is reasonable to you might not be reasonable to me and that I guess is the issue. An issue that will be determined by the Supreme Court hopefully this next year (see Washington DC vs Parker.) Also check up on the statistics about gun accidents. Gun accidents are very low compared to drowning, poison and medical procedures. Cop killing guns? What's that?  http://www.optacinternational.com/officersafety/pdfs/WhyAreWeKillingOurselves.pdf
I never asked if you personally would want to live in Europe. Have you ever even visited any European countries?  Russia is going through a hard transition. The rest of Europe is not comparable at present.  Explain why after a town in Georgia (forgot its name) said every homeowner must have a gun, there crime rate fell by nearly 50%. Still, I want my gun to protect against a totalitarian government more than against criminals.
You'll have to link the story quoting the 50% crime reduction before I could comment. I will say that where there's no rule of law one might have to arm oneself. How do you propose to take on the government with your light arms?   This is an older article, but I think it will suffice.  On your other point, how do you think the Colonists did it?
In reality not fantasy? Seriously, I don't think you can compare ordinance in 1776 to that which the Nat'l Guard has access to today let alone the regular Army et, al. The Red Coats couldn't vaporize you before you could see the whites of their eyes.  If an entire country is plunged into a guerrilla war, modern weapons will be worth nothing. How do you think Afghan Warlords and Iraqi Terrorists hold out? How do you think they would deploy their weapons without destroying everything?
I'm not sure about the futility of resisting modern tyranny with small arms. Now I'm not suggesting that we are imposing tyranny overseas, but here is one point. There are far, far fewer armed terrorists in Iraq than there are armed citizens in America. If the need ever arose for armed resistance, then I don't believe the American resistance fighters would march out into a field, form square like they are about to receive cavalry at Waterloo, and patiently await the B-52 strike.  I know there are people who are ashamed of the RKBA-who want to treat it as the red-headed step-child of the Bill or Rights-who want to keep it locked up in the basement lest it show itself and frighten our more enlightened European neighbors. These same people want to declare that the 2nd. Amendment RKBA constantly hangs in the balance, and they believe they have the moral authority to destroy it the moment they are convinced it is "no longer needed." For those of you who feel that way, here is my answer:   We are a government of laws and not men. I don't have to justify the necessity of having a right to be free from unreasonable search and seizure; a right to free speech, press, and assembly; a right to remain silent, to be free from cruel and unusual punishments; or my right not to be a slave. These rights are recognized by my Constitution, and need no further justification. The 2nd. Amendment is likewise a part of that great charter, and also requires no further justification. I know some of our friends around the world believe we have lost the moral torch of freedom and liberty by our invasion of Iraq. All I can say is we have sunk low indeed when we see persons at home hover over the Constitution with a gleam in their eye and a bottle of white-out in their hand make the self-righteous demand that we are required to justify why they should not go ahead and strike out portions of the document they don't like.   The 2nd. Amendment recognizes an individual RKBA. I challenge anyone to demonstrate otherwise. If you want to prevent your neighbor from owning a gun then be honest about it. Work to amend the RKBA out of the Constitution, and once successful then pass laws denying your fellow man that right. Don't attempt it by deliberately distorting the wording of the amendment to read what you think it should. You only encourage others to rewrite or white-out other portions of the Constitution they don't like.   ---  "The great ideals of liberty and equality are preserved against the assaults of opportunism, the expediency of the passing hour, the erosion of small encroachments, the scorn and derision of those who have no patience with general principles, by enshrining them in constitutions, and consecrating to the task of their protection a body of defenders." Justice Benjamin Cardozo, The Nature of the Judicial Process, Lecture II, 1921.
Even if the second amendment was repealed, under which power would the Federal Government be able to take away our weapons. Article I Section 8 says nothing about weapons regulation, and under what power would that be "necessary and proper" and the "general welfare" clause refers to spending money. So, if they were willing to pay top dollar for guns I suppose they could do it, but they still couldn't force us to give it to them.
I'm sorry, but I don't see how I have "obviously" used white-out on the militia clause. Do you really believe that I have avoided it on this blog site? If so, then tell me and we'll discuss it.   If you are looking for a justification for abolishing constitutional provisions, then I suggest you find a better campaign phrase than "it's run amok." It doesn't even sound as dire as the "emergency" Mushariff declared as justification for suspending the constitution of Pakistan. I think you'll need to use language a bit stronger than that to achieve the same effect here.  The fraction you refer to was 3/5, and the injustice of slavery was cured by the 13th. Amendment. Which was my point, in case you missed it-If you don't like the RKBA, amend it.   I'm relieved to see you have decided that I can "keep my rights." I intend to. I disagree with your proposal for "licensing rights." I believe it is a dangerous concept. Do you also think I need a "real" license before I am allowed to blog here, buy a book, or choose whether or not to attend a church? Are not all these also rights in the Bill of Rights? But perhaps you don't believe the 2nd. Amendment recognizes an individual RKBA. So let me ask this: What do you think the 2nd. Amendment protects? Are you willing to discuss your view on the amendment with me JSDKoeln?
If you want and need your extension of your own too-small gun, then your country expects you to turn out one weekend a month and 6 weeks every summer for military training so that you can be part of the "well-regulated militia" that 2A calls for.  Nonsense. There is no such explicit call. Moreover, the drilling you describe did not even become standard for the Guard until the National Defense Act of 1916.   The Founders did not expect droves of citizens to trek un-armed to Camps of Instruction whereat they would be armed. Rather, the populace ALREADY ARMED, would be in a position to act in matters of civil defense. The "well regulated militia" was not armed by the gubment sir, they arrived, firearms in hand, ready to assemble into units.
On that note, see also U.S. v. Miller, which is often wrongly cited as a case against the individual RKBA:  "The signification attributed to the term Militia appears from the debates in the Convention, the history and legislation of the Colonies and the States, and the writings of approved commentators. These show plainly enough that the militia comprised all males physically capable of acting in concert for the common defense. "A body of citizens enrolled for military discipline." And further, that ordinarily when called for service these men were expected to appear bearing arms supplied by themselves and of a kind in common use at the time." United States v. Miller, 307 U.S. 174, 179 (1939).  The goal was to ensure an armed populace, and then draw upon the members of that armed populace for the militia.  ---  "Little more can reasonably be aimed at with respect to the people at large than to have them properly armed and equipped. . . .This will not only lessen the call for military establishments, but if circumstances should at any time oblige the government to form an army of any magnitude that army can never be formidable to the liberties of the people while there is a large body of citizens, little if any inferior to them in discipline and the use of arms, who stand ready to defend their rights and those of their fellow citizens." Alexander Hamilton, The Federalist Papers #29, reprinted at page 185 in The Federalist Papers, Mentor Books, 1969, edited by Clinton Rossiter.  "The power of the sword, say the minority of Pennsylvania, is in the hands of Congress. My friends and countrymen, it is not so, for the powers of the sword are in the hands of the yeomanry of America from sixteen to sixty. The militia of these free commonwealths, entitled and accustomed to their arms, when compared with any possible army, must be tremendous and irresistible. Who are the militia? Are they not ourselves? Is it feared, then, that we shall turn our arms each man against his own bosom? Congress shall have no power to disarm the militia. Their swords and every other terrible implement of the soldier, are the birth-right of an American ....[T]he unlimited power of the sword is not in the hands of either the federal or the state governments, but where I trust in God it will ever remain, in the hands of the People." Tench Coxe, Pennsylvania Gazette, Feb. 20, 1788.
JSDK,  You have obviously used "white out" on the word "militia" in the second amendment.  And YOU have obviously used white out on the words "well regulated" in 2A.  If you want and need your extension of your own too-small gun, then your country expects you to turn out one weekend a month and 6 weeks every summer for military training so that you can be part of the "well-regulated militia" that 2A calls for.emoticon_xgood  All males between the ages of 17 and 45 are a member of the militia in the United States.
I have been reading this site for a long time, but havent posted in quite a while, and Bryan is much more articulate on the legality aspects than I could ever be. If laws, etc. can't sway you, than maybe common sense can. Guns have become such a large part of todays society that any attempt to ban them would be fruitless. Think back to the Prohibition... it worked great didnt it emoticon_xdonno !! Also, can we generalize that a criminal does not obey laws? Therefore a ban on guns, created through law, would leave innocent, law-abiding citizens with no way to defend themselves from the criminals that disobeyed the ban... emoticon_xkill emoticon_wow
We All can just say we dont want gun control right?
ok gun control is ok if we needed it! but we really dont we need guns for self defence and stuff... sooo.. yeah...
Don't need guns for self-defence??????????????? That makes no sense!!!!!! so u want there to be guns against crowbars if our government becomes tyrant? --thedutchdon1 talking for a second--  Ok Did u kno that over half of austerlias population will be destoryed because their government took their guns away? This means that their wide open for attacks on other countrys with nukes and guns.. So ya dont talk if u dont kno what ur talking about  I strongly believe that guns dont kill people people kill people so take a look at ur family. and the ones u make angry...Cause most people hate each other... emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_cry emoticon_cry emoticon_cry  --Thedutchdon1 ends lecture--:xbanghead :xcensored :xcensored  I agree with this to some extent.... Assualt weapons are used only for killing people. semi-automatic would be all that is nessasary to give us a fighting chance against an attack where ever it may come
I don't understand why you think that after giving up are guns how we would be remotely threatening to ANYONE. Sure we might scare others who gave up our guns but what is the point in that? And we wouldn't be safe against felons who(wait for it...) wouldn't give up their guns!! I know right now that Seleare is saying," But we'll take them from them!". Great. Who is we'll? Do you honestly think that the government is gonna know what to do? And if the government does have this "miricle plan" how can they do it without making a law-abbiding citizen retaliate?   Seleare, I'm eager to here your reply... emoticon_smile
You'll have to link the story quoting the 50% crime reduction before I could comment.   The town is Kennesaw, Georgia. The home burglary rate didn't drop by 50% though. It dropped by 89%.  I can't yet post links, but my information came from the Wikipedia article on Kennesaw, Georgia. Google also turned up quite a few results.
I have yet to hear a solid statistic that would lead to a conclusion that less guns means less crime. In fact the vast majority of it leads to the conclusion that an unarmed populus is more suceptable to being murdered than an armed one. For instance, Nazi Germany, Soviet Russia, China, as well as countless small level murder in every other "civilized" country on this Earth. I'm afraid you are going to have to base your argument on baseless logic, rather than on that derived from the facts.
 taking away guns will make less crime Criminals love gun control; it makes their jobs safer.Haven't you ever heard the saying, "A gun in the hand is better than a cop on the phone."?
I might not want to carry a concealed weapon in public, but i don't see any reason why I shouldn't be able to own and keep a gun at home, or carry it in my vehicle when I take a long lonesome trip into the country side.
:xbanghead :xbanghead :xbanghead :xbanghead   ok dude gangs wouldnt give their guns up!!! they would keep them because there ILLEGAL  yes i agree with this guy. If the whole point of CRIMINALS is to IGNORE laws then what is the point of making the laws that cripple the safety of those of us who follow the laws? Even if the government, through some paradox way, is able to rid the country of ALL guns, a knife, a car, a No.2 pencil, your hands, or pretty much anything you can do damage with will kill somebody just as easily. If guns are banned what of those who make a living by hunting for their food? Those who supply the stores with venison and rabbit? Those who grow your crops? The hunters and the farmers trade with each other so that they can survive through out the rest of the year. These are few of the VERY MANY flaws of Gun "Control" laws. emoticon_xagree
Ok dudegun control i ment was takeing guns away I am sooo late on this,but I think he knows that.This is sarcasm at its finest,emoticon_rolleyes keep up the good work Jim's Trucking.emoticon_xgoodemoticon_xgood
Semiliterate gun enthusiasts scare me.emoticon_xchicken sinj. I must agree with you,and if it doesn't sound like a bunch of kids trying to text message,it is humorous.emoticon_xdonnoemoticon_frazzledSo far as I've read.
Ok, I'll bite. I agree we should have some control, but not to the point where we have to ban stuff. That's just stupid and draconian. Here's some of the stuff I can agree with.  -Background checks. Instant check would be preferred. There is no proof waiting periods work. -More background checks for Machine guns. I'm perfectly fine with that. Banning them? No. -A record of those who have had/or have mental illnesses. This is perfectly reasonable, but it also requires the help of the citizens to help the person in need. -CCW license for those that wish to carry on them. With a class on how to handle and asses situations would be in need.  Things I would never be for.  -ban on "assault weapons." Purely cosmetic, it makes no difference if it has a pistol grip or not it's still semi-automatic.  -ban on handguns on a safety list. We have this in California, and it's more like an extortion list. If the manufacturer doesn't pay the money to have it on the list, it can no longer be for sale in the state of California...yeah sounds like extortion to me  -requiring magazine disconnects or chamber loaded indicators. Rule number 1 of gun safety, always ALWAYS assume a firearm is loaded. Besides very very few people die of accidental gun discharges. So few it's in the hundreds. It's a useless feel good politician mandate.  there are other things I can post, but why bother, most control is useless.  -
Let me comment you, Charliegone, on a very reasonable post. It didn't raise the hairs on the back of my neck. I grew up with firearms in the house. I think that one of the reasons that I did so well in firearms training in the Army was that I was used to shooting a rifle. Others in my company were not. Thus, I spent a lot of time loading magazines since I passed out on the first attempt at every test. I qualified with the M-1 carbine (.30 cal.), M-1 Garand (.30 cal), M-14 rifle (7.62 mm), M-60 machine gun (7.62 mm - a sweet weapon. Much nicer than the M-14 on auto), and the M1911A1 (.45 cal. semi automatic - a son-of-a-buck that would take chunks out of the skin between thumb and index finger if gripped wrong and was hard on the wrist) - (all at various levels of expertise). Ok, I'll bite. I agree we should have some control, but not to the point where we have to ban stuff. That's just stupid and draconian.Indeed. The Supreme Court has agreed to hear a 2nd Amendment challenge to such draconian laws in Washington, D.C. The laws there are a total ban on firearms to the extent that a special police officer is forbidden to have an assembled and loaded weapon in his home. He is one of the "et al" in Parker et al. v. District of Colombia. Here's some of the stuff I can agree with.  -Background checks. Instant check would be preferred. There is no proof waiting periods work.On the other hand, there isn't any proof that any checks work or are actually worked. There have been several cases in the past where convicted felons bought guns "legally", even after a waiting period. The problem was that gun dealers weren't really paying attention to any kind of checks, even after a waiting period. I believe the problem has been much reduced in recent years since the gun dealer now goes to jail for selling a gun to a felon if he should have been aware that the purchaser was a felon.  But that is neither here nor there to your point. I actually don't know if the waiting period actually results in a better background investigation. Perhaps someone else has some actual data. -More background checks for Machine guns. I'm perfectly fine with that. Banning them? No.I'm not sure why owning a machine gun is desirable. I'm pretty sure it isn't a hunting weapon. -A record of those who have had/or have mental illnesses. This is perfectly reasonable, but it also requires the help of the citizens to help the person in need.But on the other hand, you are willing to violate a person's right to privacy (medical records) in order to limit their access to firearms. Which right is more important? - Your right to privacy or your right to own a machine gun? -CCW license for those that wish to carry on them. With a class on how to handle and asses situations would be in need.I presume you mean "access". In my state, in order to carry a concealed weapon on your person you must have a license. Classes of several hours are required for such a license and the classes must be repeated at intervals. However, in my state I may have a concealed firearm in my car (it must be concealed) as long as I do not engage in criminal activity, am not a member of a criminal gang, and am not a convicted felon.  There are no restrictions on what weapons I possess in my home, with the exception of those banned by federal law. Things I would never be for.  -ban on "assault weapons." Purely cosmetic, it makes no difference if it has a pistol grip or not it's still semi-automatic.I think the ban in some places is more a matter of full automatic weapons. I don't know. Do some places ban the possession of an AK-47 or an M-16? Semi-automatic, fine. But, of course, they can be "fixed" by filing the sheer pin. What would be the possible use of a full automatic weapon? -ban on handguns on a safety list. We have this in California, and it's more like an extortion list. If the manufacturer doesn't pay the money to have it on the list, it can no longer be for sale in the state of California...yeah sounds like extortion to meSounds strange to me. But your legislators must have had a very good reason for passing such laws. Remember, they are looking out for you good. -requiring magazine disconnects or chamber loaded indicators. Rule number 1 of gun safety, always ALWAYS assume a firearm is loaded. Besides very very few people die of accidental gun discharges. So few it's in the hundreds. It's a useless feel good politician mandate.That may be true, but many of those deaths are children who don't know how to handle guns except for TV. A couple such deaths are reported in my city every year, one recently was the child of a police officer. I'm educated enough to know that removing the magazine doesn't mean that the gun is unloaded. Others aren't. I'm not sure that any mandatory gun modifications would make a difference. there are other things I can post, but why bother, most control is useless.Then you are saying that, after all, you prefer a ban?
 Indeed. The Supreme Court has agreed to hear a 2nd Amendment challenge to such draconian laws in Washington, D.C. The laws there are a total ban on firearms to the extent that a special police officer is forbidden to have an assembled and loaded weapon in his home. He is one of the "et al" in Parker et al. v. District of Colombia. On the other hand, there isn't any proof that any checks work or are actually worked. There have been several cases in the past where convicted felons bought guns "legally", even after a waiting period. The problem was that gun dealers weren't really paying attention to any kind of checks, even after a waiting period. I believe the problem has been much reduced in recent years since the gun dealer now goes to jail for selling a gun to a felon if he should have been aware that the purchaser was a felon.  True there is no real evidence or information to support that, but let's think this through. If a felon knows he can legally buy a gun because there is no background check, I'm sure as hell know he would do it. Since it would be similar to buying a bag chips at the store, there is no difference. It would fall down in complete public and government scrutiny.  But that is neither here nor there to your point. I actually don't know if the waiting period actually results in a better background investigation. Perhaps someone else has some actual data.  Waiting periods are a different story. With the way technology is today, waiting periods are obsolete. The problem arises when officials do NOT do their job like they are suppose to. In the Virginia Tech's killer's case, Cho was found to be a danger to himself and others, yet why didn't law enforcement act upon it? Where were the RO's?   I'm not sure why owning a machine gun is desirable. I'm pretty sure it isn't a hunting weapon.  There is nothing in the constitution about hunting now is there? Guns aren't just for hunting, they are also used for various other things. Some people enjoy letting of a few rounds at the range, others enjoy trap shooting, other's enjoy going to that Knob Creek machine gun shoot every year. As long as they go through the procedures, what's the big deal? Like I said, please tell me of how many instances there have been when a single legally held machine gun was used to kill someone or go on a murdering spree? Besides, machine guns aren't cheap, they costs thousands and thousands of dollars.   But on the other hand, you are willing to violate a person's right to privacy (medical records) in order to limit their access to firearms. Which right is more important? - Your right to privacy or your right to own a machine gun? I presume you mean "access".   I guess I must have written that incorrectly. I would say this would only apply if someone is found by a court to be mentally unfit. Than I would yes.  In my state, in order to carry a concealed weapon on your person you must have a license. Classes of several hours are required for such a license and the classes must be repeated at intervals. However, in my state I may have a concealed firearm in my car (it must be concealed) as long as I do not engage in criminal activity, am not a member of a criminal gang, and am not a convicted felon.  True each state has different requirements, that's why it should be left to states. Just recently we saw or heard a good example of how CCW works in situations like that of the recent church shootings.  There are no restrictions on what weapons I possess in my home, with the exception of those banned by federal law. I think the ban in some places is more a matter of full automatic weapons. I don't know. Do some places ban the possession of an AK-47 or an M-16? Semi-automatic, fine. But, of course, they can be "fixed" by filing the sheer pin. What would be the possible use of a full automatic weapon? Sounds strange to me. But your legislators must have had a very good reason for passing such laws. Remember, they are looking out for you good.  Legislators pass laws because they want to keep their jobs. That's it. If they were truly looking out for the common "man" they would do their research first than make up the law, but that isn't the case with most gun control (dare I say all?) Most control is just feel good politics nothing more.  That may be true, but many of those deaths are children who don't know how to handle guns except for TV. A couple such deaths are reported in my city every year, one recently was the child of a police officer. I'm educated enough to know that removing the magazine doesn't mean that the gun is unloaded. Others aren't. I'm not sure that any mandatory gun modifications would make a difference.  That is why a gun owner should always follow the rules. These rules have always been there. If the owner does not follow through with their responsibilities it's their fault. Not mine, not the other guy who has no children in his home, why should I have to suffer for the stupidity of one person? Is that really a fair judgment? The gun will still fire even with these things in place, so why do they even pass these insane laws? Again it's just feel good politics.  Then you are saying that, after all, you prefer a ban?  Nope. I'm just saying reasonable controls (no bans, silly requirements, etc) within the constitution that's all. Bans are a no go for me. They solve nothing and make matters a lot worse. Want an example? Prohibition.  BTW Kesseltron, please, please show me an instance that a legally held machine gun has been used to commit a crime. I'm sure you will find there are very very few or none at all.
Pandion lets get some facts straight. First semi autos can not be made to go full auto by fileing down the sear it is more involved than that. Legal machine guns fall under the NFA and are registered with BATFE. The back ground chk for a machine gun is extensive and requires your local CLEO to sign off on every gun you purchase. These guns have to be stored so that no one but the owner can have access to them. Once you are approved by the BATFE to own one you are no longer a name less face in this country every federal agency knows who you are and what you have. The guns are expensive since in 1968 imports of them for civilan purchase was banned and in 1986 the new registration of guns able to be owned by civilians was also banned.there are only apx. 350,000 registered MGN's available for public ownership. I know about them because I am an owner. If you don't beleave me go to this link.. trigger  http://www.youtube.com/Trigger51B  BTW Kesseltron, please, please show me an instance that a legally held machine gun has been used to commit a crime. I'm sure you will find there are very very few or none at all.  To answer this there is only one but not realy. The gun in question was a police dept. weapon that was used by an officer that wasn't licenced or had permission to have the gun. What he did with it was not made clear but a crime was committed we do not know what it was...
Alright this is where I'm most at home on the board, this is my opinion on gun control.  The only gun control that I feel we need in this country is the basic background check, and serious penalties relating exclusively to criminals who possess firearms.  We need to scale back the list of prohibited people, in such that we repeal the Lautenburg Amendment. As it is right now anybody charged (but not found guilty) of domestic violence is banned for life from being in possession of a firearm. Even if the charge is later found to be false and made by a nut with a history of lying, the charge remains on your record and is EXTREMELY hard to ever get expunged.  We need to limit the power of the BATFE and scale them back to a more controlled and managle level. Currently they have outright control over everything regarding firearms and has constantly contradicted itself, and harmed innocent people. They treat a paperwork error as a willful violation of federal law and revoke FFL licenses on a whim, they don't even follow their own guidelines.  We need to change how something qualifies as a destructive device, AOW, or short barreled shotgun or rifle. We should also see about removing some of the things on the list.  We should end the 1986 machinegun ban so people can buy new machineguns of modern design; nobody's being killed with the pre '86 version, why would post '86 models be unreasonable?  We need to stop the nonsense of banning "assault weapons" closing the "gunshow loophole" licensing and registering firearms and ammunition in any and all forms, requiring gun owners to report their firearms lost or stolen within 72 hours, ending firearms preemption, banning ammunition that can penetrate police body armor, and all that other nonsense! We need to do away with it because it amounts to absolutely NOTHING!  What we really need to do is get very tough on crime, to the point where it borders on cruel and unusual punishment. From now on we need to put an immediate end to all plea deals, suspended sentences and parole for criminals with firearms charges against them. Armed criminals need a minimum of five years just for being armed, gun traffickers need a minimum of ten years for every gun illegally bought and trafficked, these need to be mandatory on state levels, etc.  I'm tired of pandering to the criminals while gun owners are violated by the law. It has to stop!
When I said that a machine guns are useful people hunting weapons, I was being serious. The more lethal the population is, the less lethal the government can become towards the population.  I still don't know what kind of look to give you for saying that, because I'm still having trouble wrapping my skull around what exactly you said.
When I said that a machine guns are useful people hunting weapons, I was being serious. The more lethal the population is, the less lethal the government can become towards the population.  Shhh. We are all supposed to pretend that the second ammendment is about hunting and punching holes in paper.   You are of course 100% right. The second amendment is about ensuring that you have the tools at your disposal to blow your fellow man straight to hell because sometimes that is what is needed.  The constituion was written and ratified by realists. They were not at all interested in codifying the ability to shoot squirrels and rabbits. They were codifying the right to own the tools necessary to fight an insurgent war against your own government if you felt so compelled.
Bingo! I'm glad someone gets it!  Well next time specify! I'm so accustomed to anti-gunners who use rhetoric like "hunters who use semi-automatics are in need of heavy medication" and such bull***t that I have a hard time distinguishing friend from foe!
next thing we know you will be spoutting something crazy like "The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants."  I'm all for making people bleed.
When I said that a machine guns are useful people hunting weapons, I was being serious. The more lethal the population is, the less lethal the government can become towards the population.  I love your quote do I have your permition to use it?emoticon_xagree
-Background checks. Instant check would be preferred. There is no proof waiting periods work. Unneccessary. Transferring a firearm to a felon is....a felony.   -More background checks for Machine guns. I'm perfectly fine with that. Banning them? No. See above.   -A record of those who have had/or have mental illnesses. This is perfectly reasonable, but it also requires the help of the citizens to help the person in need. It is quite unreasonable. Who decides what "mental illnesses" are? Who will maintain this benevelent database?   -CCW license for those that wish to carry on them. With a class on how to handle and asses situations would be in need. I shouldn't have to beg government to give me permission to do something that is my God-given right.
You're not a Scientologist are you? Mental Health is determined by Psychologists and if neccesary, sectioning under the relavent legislation. Nope. Not a scientologist just like it's obvious you aren't a comedian.   Thanks for proving my point. emoticon_xbye
It was a stupid question employed to keep from actually addressing facts. I trust government to define the world just like I trust you to say something intelligent.
So, who defines the world, in the legal sense of the word?  Largely tyrants and fools.   The people? The people elect the government, the government defines the world. Better yet, professionals define what they are professional about. That's what is happening here, overseen by a democratically-elected govt. Democracy is mob rule. The world defines itself. No need for psuedo intellectuals or appointed men in drag to tell me what is best for me, thanks...
This prompted me to google "Knife attacks Britain" which revelaed:  Knife attacks surge 73% as amnesty fails (Times Online) http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,29389-2304912,00.html  THE number of crimes involving knives on the streets of England and Wales has risen dramatically in the past year, with huge increases in their use during robberies, mugging and violent attacks on strangers.  Attacks in which a knife was used during a mugging rose by 73 per cent while there was a 55 per cent increase in random attacks with knives on strangers  And  Blade culture has us all in its thrall http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,2092-2209635,00.html A spate of stabbings is intimidating many into not going to the aid of those in trouble. Giles Hattersley finds out why so many young people feel obliged to carry knives.  I suppose when Britain bans knives we will see a sharp increase in the number of crimes involving the jawbone of an XXX or similar biblical bludgeoning brickbats.
Ah, where would we be without knee-jerk legislation.;)  They're currently attempting to ban samurai swords, or cheap imitations of samurai swords.  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/7139724.stm http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2007/03/05/nsamurai105.xml http://www.gnn.gov.uk/Content/Detail.asp?ReleaseID=337908&NewsAreaID=2 cue responce in bad lip-sync...
Homicide where method of killing was a sharp instrument 1999/00 - 213 2000/01 - 214 2001/02 - 261 2002/03 - 265 2003/04 - 242 2004/05 - 256 2005/06 - 212  http://www.homeoffice.gov.uk/documents/cons-2007-ban-offensive-weapons/cons-ban-offensive-weapons-0307?view=Binary
Carrying knives is already banned, and is largely a problem confined to large cities. Which is where the media is based. You work it out.  Also, did you miss the part about a "decade of decline" in knife crime?  Good thing they banned the carrying of knives. Must make everyone feel safer to know that only criminals are conducting the knife attacks.   Perhaps GB should require background checks before the purchase of culinary implements? Sadly that would never work as most criminals would simply steal the knives from steakhouses. Irresponsible kitchen owners!
The numbers are so low that people with mental illness make up a significant proportion. Between them and drunks the infamous hoodie is essentially media hype.
I think it is interesting that gun nuts always claim that when guns are banned people will just use knives instead, yet we find that with guns prohibited there are still only 200 deaths a year from knife like weapons.   OK. Here we have a prototypical slight of hand technigue. Watch how it works.   First distract your opponent with a slashing personal attack. Call your opponent a gun nut. While he is sputtering, change the argument. "Only 200 deaths a year from knife-like weapons."  See? Now you think that knives were only used 200 times last year in all the Realm. But now... The rest of the story.   On first glance it may make you feel better to know that knives were used only in only 7% of the 2.4 million violent crimes committed in 2004-2005 in the UK. So if you were one of those 168,000 victims of knife crime, consider yourself unfortunate, but alive.  AHA!!! The Gun nut admits defeat!!! Oh Rapture!!!  Not quite. Bear with me. As Columbo would say "Just one more thing".   In 2005/06, knives were used in six per cent of woundings - 32,820 knife-use incidents in 547,000 woundings.  What are you talking about??? You're a gun nut!!! You're just showing that knives are not the problem!!!  Indeed. That has been my point all along. You do not blame the tool you blame the hand that wields it. The larger question here is what the hell are you guys wounding each other with? Not knives or guns! You are going to have to ban a whole some more stuff to ensure your safety. Apparently folks are going at it with candlesticks and lead pipes and all other non-banned Clue pieces.   Which prompted me to investigate violent crime rates per capita. Guess what I found:  http://www.homeoffice.gov.uk/rds/pdfs06/hosb1206chap78.pdf  Pg 119. Violent crime rates 2,300 per 100,000.  Now compare that to the FBI data for the US. Note: 2005 is the last year for which data is available. http://www.fbi.gov/ucr/05cius/data/table_01.html  Violent crime rate, US = 469.2 per 100,000.  Wow.  A nation of Gun nuts has 469.2 violent crimes per 100,000 while our gentle gun-banning erstwhile countrymen have 2300.  Wow.  It would appear that it is the Brits, rather than "the Gun Nuts" who "claim that when guns are banned people will just use knives instead". Apparently they have moved beyond knives and are simply using whatever tool is available to commit violent crime. They are succeeding at a rate nearly 5 times that of the US "gun culture".  How marvelous.
It would appear that it is the Brits, rather than "the Gun Nuts" who "claim that when guns are banned people will just use knives instead". Apparently they have moved beyond knives and are simply using whatever tool is available to commit violent crime. They are succeeding at a rate nearly 5 times that of the US "gun culture".  You can't accuse others of 'slight (sic) of hand' and then produce this! The same Home Office survey you linked to shows:   17% of total violent crime was 'common assault with NO injury' (i.e. pushing and shoving, spitting at someone or verbal abuse)   43% was 'common assault with less serious injury' (e.g, a scuffle outside a bar)  20% were 'harrassment - no injuries suffered.  5% were 'other violent crimes' including carrying a weapon.  Only 2.1% of all violent crime led to a serious injury.  The weapon most commonly used is, of course, the fist - in 78% of all cases.   In order to make this comparison make any sense we need to know how the FBI defines violent crime.
As for the knife culture of the UK, people are less likely to die from knife wounds than gun wounds. Guns make it easier to kill at a distance which makes it harder for a victim to run away. You might be able to outrun a person with a knife, but it's harder to outrun a bullet.  This whole statement is nothing more than a complete fallacy, brought on by the supporters of gun control to try and scare people. Watch as I destroy it with my real world knowledge.  The first statement "As for the knife culture of the UK, people are less likely to die from knife wounds than gun wounds" this is just completely false. A knife wound can just as easily lead to your death as a gun wound, and the lethality of each relies on a little something us in the game of target shooting refer to as "placement". Whether you're shot or simply stabbed, you're highly unlikely to die or bleed to death if you're hit in a nonvital area like the shoulder or the hand or the thigh, because there just plain isn't that much in the way that qualifies as a vital sector.  The way people die when shot or stabbed is when a major blood vessle is damaged, resorting in heavy blood loss in a very short amount of time, or a vital organ or the nervous system is dealt a critical blow. And this can be acheived easily with either a knife, gun or any other type of impliment. Some might argue a knife is even MORE deadly than a gun because once the blade enters your body it keeps following a single course and won't fragment like a bullet, allowing it to penetrate deeper.  The second statement "Guns make it easier to kill at a distance which makes it harder for a victim to run away" is completely illogical. While it's true guns are better for use as a distance tool than a knife, that doesn't necessarily make it any easier to kill someone. If you can't aim properly and you can't hit what you're trying to aim at then you're not doing much as all except wasting money, and ammo is getting to be very expensive these days. And anybody who hasn't practiced heavily with their guns will tell you, hitting a moving target is very, if not extremely, difficult. If somebody is jumping around and not allowing you to do a target acquisition then by the time you fire they're likely going to be somewhere else when the bullet leaves your gun.  The third statement "You might be able to outrun a person with a knife, but it's harder to outrun a bullet" is just plain crazy. This assumes that you're actually trying to avoid being shot by running faster than the bullet will travel. As with the second statement, guns are only dangerous if they can actually hit something, otherwise they're nothing more than an expensive noisemaker. It's not a matter of having to outrun a bullet, it's a matter of not being in the direct path of a bullet, and this is actually easier than it sounds.   And if you run away from an attacker, you're actually gonna be more likely to be murdered if you force them to give chase to you when they have a knife. They don't want a hassle, and if you give it to them they might murder you out of anger when they had no plans to. Take if from somebody's that's been known to throw an appliance when it refuses to work properly, or snap a pencil in half when the lead breaks.
[QUOTE]Leaving aside your self-confessedly poor self control (should you have a licence?)   Better to take it out an a broken appliance than a person.  you ignore the tissue trauma caused by the bullet entry. They don't just make a neat hole like a blade weapon, there is massive damage from the high velocity pressure wave speading from the impact site.  Have you ever been shot? If not then shut up and trust the people who actually have been.  Only an idiot would even consider outrunning a bullet as a viable option, which is why it is brought up as an indicator of the lack of options wen faced with a gun nut as opposed to a knife wielder.  Which is why I pointed out that what you really need to do is stay out of the bullet's path of trajectory. A bullet will travel in a mostly straight line until the forces of gravity pull it downward, so the best defense is to have an erratic travel pattern so you don't present a target.
I'd still rather be chased by a person with a knife than run a zig zag pattern in an attempt to evade a bullet.  You're not too smart...
Don't run, return fire!
It appears that the battle for title of truth-teller-regarding-guns-and-crime will continue forever. I have some difficulty in understanding why some people think that weapons cause crime. I have more difficulty in understanding why some people think that laws can successfully extract guns from the hands of criminals and make us safe. To inact a law that makes a crime of illegal gun ownership has no effect on criminal ownership of guns. Regardless of where they got them, they are not going to turn them in.  It is obviously better to be armed than not these days. It's been that way from centuries. It will remain that way for centuries to come. Every single person that advocates more gun control is apparently blind to this fact of life. The fighter with a suitable weapon and the sense to use it usually wins the fight.  The gun control advocates are correct about one thing...we shouldn't need weapons. That's because we should be obeying laws and not attacking, robbing, raping or otherwise infringing on the rights of others. We just shouldn't be doing those things. However, the true facts of life and the difficulty in getting through it without encountering violence dictate that weapons are required to be in the hands of law abiding citizens so they can protect themselves from being overrun by lawless criminals that maintain their right to bear arms regardless of what the would-be gun controllers say.  Gun control advocacy borders on sheer stupidity.
How do weapons cause criminal thinking? They don't. Do weapons aid criminals in carrying out crime? Surely. To paraphrase Eddie Izzard - "Guns don't kill people, people kill people! But guns help."  The simplest answer to the problems that criminals aren't going to give up their guns is here. In a place with strict gun laws from the word go (such as the UK), gun crime and homicide is way down compared with the US - see my link above. Obviously you can't make the US like the UK by dimply changing the law - you also have to make illegal ownership of a weapon a very difficult thing, and/or bring in legislation slowly so that the change filters through.  I noticed that you failed to mention what over all violent crime rates are over in the UK rat-hole. Also, how would you go about making it difficult to illegally obtain weapons? If you get an intelligent crook who's determined to find a gun, he'll/she'll find one. And criminals are alot smarter than you think.  Until it can be shown that more people protect themselves by use of firearm than are injured/killed by legally obtained firearms (which, incidentally, looks like being not the case), I hold that gun control is the best way to reduce violence and fatalities.  Sure. 90% of all people who were killed by guns were commiting a violent crime at the time. And you make it sound as if all gun crimes are murders while a good percentage of it is carrying guns without a CCW permit or stuff like that.  To grant everyone access to a most lethal weapon such as a gun borders on sheer stupidity.  When Florida legalized guns again, car jackings for Florida liscense plates went down, when car jackings for out-of-state liscense plates went up. Crooks didn't want to get shot, so they went for the cars that were from states where they thought guns weren't legal.
I'd still rather be chased by a person with a knife than run a zig zag pattern in an attempt to evade a bullet.  Why? Would you rather get stabbed to death for twenty minutes than get hit in the head with a bullet? A desire to have suffering extended - hmmmm...
I noticed you indiscriminately and randomly insult my country,  You're from the UK? That would figure. All the Europeans are a bunch of liberals.  and fail to read the rest of the thread, where 'violent crime statistcs' are thoroughly looked at. Also - making weapons illegal/restricted would make them harder to obtain, whether legally or illegally, as would the spot-checks described in my link, above. While I don't doubt that anyone sufficiently determined to get a gun can do so, I do doubt that all gun crimes are meticulously planned out beforehand - the criminal simply had a gun to hand and saw the opportunity arise.  What I wanted answered, was how the hell would you make it hard to obtain guns? Would you wave a magic wand or something?  Source? I have a counter-source, right here.  I assume you are ignoring wars here, also...  That's because there's no such thing as self defence anymore. Everything is an evil, demonic crime. No matter what the cirumstances.There's a difference between war and crime.  Source again? Also, did the law change on people legally carrying guns?  You don't have a source either, and for that matter, you have no counter-argument! I said the laws changed already. Yes, they changed on carrying.  Here Ethmi accidentally makes a point for the wrong side. The argument earlier was that guns were less 'lethal' than knives, and that running in a zig-zag patter was a valid way of dodging a bullet. Unfortunately for the original poster, you've just nullified both of these points.  Thanks.  I was asking which one would be less painful.  Hitler banned guns before the Holocaust, by the way.
Are you claiming Hitler was a Liberal? You don't need to be stupid to be an Amercian, but it helps I take it?
Uh, making something illegal usually reduces its availability... Also, spot checks and actively looking for illegally owned guns would make it harder to both obtain and keep firearms.  In the 1920s is when illegal alcohol industries prospered in the United states. That didn't seem to affect it's availability..   In other words, no, you don't have a source. Quit making up statistics.[/QUOTE]  1). Why is this person whos works you used as a source so much smarter than everyone else? How is she significant?  2). If I said the lowest parts of the body were the feet, without a source, would that mean I'm making it up?  In other words, no, you don't have a source. It's pointless to argue against something if you can't prove to me that that something is true. Should it be true, I would say that any law that instantly changes the restrictions of firearms is going to have negative repercussions, at least in the first instant. After time, you'll see a more gradual change.  You want to debate?! We'll debate!!! Look at the bottom!! Counter them!!! Good luck!! YOU'LL NEED IT!!! You think you've beaten me?! THINK AGAIN!!!  That's a daft question. "Given that I'm going to be killed, I'd rather be killed by a gun" removes the purpose of reducing the chance that you are going to be killed in the first place.  You evaded the question. What do you think would be  Godwins Law aside, Hitler also probably called [the rest of] Europe 'a bunch of liberals'... make of that what you will.  Correction: he refered to them as "sissies". Liberalism wasn't a big issue back then.    OK, now here's some stats. You want to talk to me about sources, good luck finding reliable ones to counter them. I'm not looking for stats that contradict this stuff, that can be made up. I'm looking for stat's that prove it wrong.   Rank States Amount (top to bottom)  #1 District of Columbia: 1.379 per 100 people  #2 South Carolina: 0.774 per 100 people  #3 Florida: 0.696 per 100 people  #4 Maryland: 0.695 per 100 people  #5 Tennessee: 0.688 per 100 people  #6 New Mexico: 0.678 per 100 people  #7 Louisiana: 0.638 per 100 people  #8 Alaska: 0.627 per 100 people  #9 Nevada: 0.595 per 100 people  #10 Delaware: 0.56 per 100 people  #11 California: 0.548 per 100 people  #12 Illinois: 0.541 per 100 people  #13 Texas: 0.532 per 100 people  #14 Oklahoma: 0.497 per 100 people  #15 Arkansas: 0.494 per 100 people  #16 Michigan: 0.49 per 100 people  #17 Missouri: 0.487 per 100 people  #18 Arizona: 0.487 per 100 people  #19 Massachusetts: 0.46 per 100 people  #20 Georgia: 0.443 per 100 people  #21 New York: 0.441 per 100 people  #22 North Carolina: 0.44 per 100 people  #23 Alabama: 0.424 per 100 people  #24 Pennsylvania: 0.41 per 100 people  #25 Kansas: 0.373 per 100 people  #26 Colorado: 0.368 per 100 people  #27 New Jersey: 0.355 per 100 people  #28 Ohio: 0.342 per 100 people  #29 Washington: 0.339 per 100 people  #30 Indiana: 0.324 per 100 people  #31 Nebraska: 0.307 per 100 people  #32 Oregon: 0.295 per 100 people  #33 Mississippi: 0.293 per 100 people  #34 Montana: 0.291 per 100 people  #35 Connecticut: 0.286 per 100 people  #36 Virginia: 0.272 per 100 people  #37 West Virginia: 0.271 per 100 people  #38 Iowa: 0.27 per 100 people  #39 Minnesota: 0.268 per 100 people  #40 Hawaii: 0.252 per 100 people  #41 Rhode Island: 0.248 per 100 people  #42 Kentucky: 0.243 per 100 people  #43 Idaho: 0.239 per 100 people  #44 Utah: 0.228 per 100 people  #45 Wyoming: 0.228 per 100 people  #46 Wisconsin: 0.209 per 100 people  #47 South Dakota: 0.17 per 100 people  #48 New Hampshire: 0.166 per 100 people  #49 Vermont: 0.112 per 100 people  #50 Maine: 0.103 per 100 people  #51 North Dakota: 0.079 per 100 people   Source:http://www.statemaster.com/graph/cri_vio_cri_percap-crime-violent-per-capita   In DC, people convicted of keeping a messy house can't own a gun. Could you imagine if you couldn't get a ticket to a movie just because you had a messy house? There is almost no gun you can legally own there.  On the other hand, Vermont, number 49 on the list, well, you can own a gun if you're over sixteen, or sixteen and under with the permission of parents.  Source:http://law.jrank.org/pages/11807/Gun-Control.html  Oh, and by the way, unlike your source, mine was made by research teams rather than XXXXXX who want to prove a point.
These are completely irrelevant. It is not the minutae in availability of guns that is important, as a general populace will use/abuse each law on it's own terms once guns are widely legal (as is the case in all states). Instead, a much better measure of gun abuse is just that - to look at the percentage value of gun ownership in each state. Luckily, such a table is available here. If you compare the columns 'gun homicides' with '%gun ownership' you will see a distinct correlation, albeit one with a few anomalies.  The table you linked doesn't show a column of "% gun ownership." It shows a % of the homicides that were committed with guns, but nowhere is there an indication of gun ownership. It helps to understand the statistics you are looking at before you try to prove a point with them.  Also, I don't understand how you can dismiss the other statistics given regarding number of gun deaths per capita as "irrelevant." The entire argument is about whether or not gun laws reduce crime. The chart shows that DC, a place which arguably has the strictest gun laws in the country, has the highest per capita death via gun. It is almost double the second ranked state. How do you explain that?
 Until it can be shown that more people protect themselves by use of firearm than are injured/killed by legally obtained firearms (which, incidentally, looks like being not the case), I hold that gun control is the best way to reduce violence and fatalities.   To grant everyone access to a most lethal weapon such as a gun borders on sheer stupidity.  You don't always have to discharge a firearm to protect yourself. There are many cases where a criminal is deterred simply because he sees a gun or is warned of a gun's presence.  Also, what is your definition of "legally obtained?" If a criminal steals a gun legally purchased by a law abiding citizen and uses it to commit a crime, that is not a "legally obtained" gun as the criminal broke the law to obtain the weapon.  This is the core of the issue. Criminals disobey the law by nature; it's what makes them criminals. If a criminal intends to break a law that restricts them from committing a violent crime, why on earth do you think they are going to respect the much lesser infraction of owning an illegal weapon? The answer is - they aren't. Gun control laws won't stop criminals; in reality, it will make more criminals because there are many normal, law-abiding citizens who are not going to willingly give up their natural born right (according to the Supreme Court) to bear arms.
Being armed isn't a deterent, I've been threatened by a drunk in my own home armed with broken glass. I happen to be a collector of militaria and had a sword to hand. Far from intimidating him this simply served to exacerbate the situation, the only thing that convinced him to leave was threats to call the police by another person in the house.
Being armed isn't a deterent, I've been threatened by a drunk in my own home armed with broken glass. I happen to be a collector of militaria and had a sword to hand. Far from intimidating him this simply served to exacerbate the situation, the only thing that convinced him to leave was threats to call the police by another person in the house.  Drunk people have poor judgment and tend to ignore danger that sober people would readily acknowledge. This is a nice story, but it hardly allows the assertion that "being armed isn't a deterrent." It may not have been in this case, but it really doesn't make sense to extrapolate that conclusion to every single case.
"In every year since Florida passed its loose concealed weapon law in 1987, the state has ranked either first or second among the states in violent crime."  http://www.bradycampaign.org/media/release.php?release=874   which proves that the gun nuts are trying to sell people snake oil when they claim guns are a deterrent  First of all, you linked information from the Brady Campaign, which is hardly an objective source.   Secondly, "violent crime" does not mean a gun was involved in every case.  However, it's quite possible the statistics you linked are 100% completely accurate. Why? Because Florida is a huge state for tourism, and it becomes much easier for criminals to choose victims with out of state license plates or people who are obvious tourists because they know that person will not be armed. Perhaps if you could find data on violent crime against tourists vs. non-residents we could have a better picture of what is really going on. Or if you could find data for another state besides Florida that doesn't allow for such easy picking for criminals because of the tourism element.
Au contraire. While prohibition increased some diseases from the general populace consuming harmful illegal alcohol, alcohol consumption in general fell by 30-50%  But because owning booze was made a crime, crime rates went up.  1) (S)He is significant because it proves that a survey was carried out, and that the results of the survey agree with my arguments. You arbitrarily saying "90%" is not valid until you show where you get your information from, and if it is a justifiable source to use.  People get punished for self defense. When they do, the law doesn't count it as self defence.  2) No, because i could independently verify that you are not making it up. Until you show your own independent verification, however, there is nothing to indicate that you are telling the truth.  I read it, but you won't believe me. I don't care. I'll stop with that one.  I assume you meant to type 'more painful to be killed by at the end of this, but couldn't be bothered/forgot. To answer: guns are undeniably more lethal than knives, but it depends on how/where I was wounded. I'd rather have my throat cut than be shot in the stomach and bleed to death, I'd rather be shot in the head than suffer multiple stab wounds. Either way, the question is irrelevant to your argument.  A bullet isn't garunteed to kill with one shot. And a person has more control over a knife than they do a bullet, making the knife more accurate.  [snigger] Firstly, debating kinda is what I'm here for. You don't need to get all excited about it. Secondly, the source I linked to was from a government-endorsed website that publishes many thousands of survey results. The survey was not carried out with an agenda: even if it was, the numbers it quotes are undeniable. Insulting those that carried out the survey gets you and your argument (such as it is) nowhere.[/quote]  Who did this survey? The UK government is anti gun, their greedy fingers take land as far away as US citizen's private property, and I have no doubt that they would lie to your face. All governments will.  These are completely irrelevant. It is not the minutae in availability of guns that is important, as a general populace will use/abuse each law on it's own terms once guns are widely legal (as is the case in all states). Instead, a much better measure of gun abuse is just that - to look at the percentage value of gun ownership in each state. Luckily, such a table is available here. If you compare the columns 'gun homicides' with '%gun ownership' you will see a distinct correlation, albeit one with a few anomalies.   Ha! I laughed out loud when I read this! Your source is Wikipedia! Anyone can post there! I'd say something that any idiot can post on is less relevant than something that only certain people can edit. In all the time I've been debating politics, I never even thought anyone would use wikipedia as a source! Also, even if that table is accurate, then it is a great coincidence that nobody owns guns in states where they're more easily available. That seems very illogical. Gee, "%guns" couldn't possibly mean percentage of murders by guns, could it? Which is why it's interesting that only about 30.8% of murders in New Hampshire are gun deaths, where. Once again, New Hampshire, Vermont, a Maine are low on the list. New Hampshire has loose gun laws "src. Vermont has loose gun laws.src Maine has loose gun laws as well. src Whether your source is accurate or not, you lost that argument.
 DC, with it's 'strictest gun laws', only denies guns to those who have broken the law or are homeless ('keeping bawdy or disorderly house' refers to a brothel, not to messiness).   Again, you are wrong. DC has a complete ban on handguns. This ban is currently being challenged in the Supreme Court because people believe it is unconstitutional. So I ask you - in a district with a complete ban on handguns (as handguns are 99.99% of the time used in gun crimes), why is the death by gun rate higher per capita by almost double anywhere else in the US?  It's truly sad you believe people don't have the right to defend themselves.
 What? Firstly, clearly your definition of 'self defence' is different from mine - more like Archangels, where attack is the best form thereof. Secondly, this does not account for most of gun crime.  Thirdly, I notice you're still refusing to show me a source.  You think it doesn't happen? You think innocent people don't get the "guilty" verdict? You think there are no unfair laws?  PubMed is a US-government website that hosts the results of many thousands of independent scientific surveys. The research team for this particular survey can be found on the listing. Off-topic, but governments don't lie to your face, as a rule. The ones that do tend to get found out by people asking awkward questions, and a government that has been show to directly lie doesn't last long...  HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!!!!!!!! "Govenments don't lie to your face"? HA HA HA HA HA!!!! Tell that to the American citizens whose relatives died in the pentagon in 9-11... and the Government said it was a plane. No plane or parts of any plane were found in the rubble, and all the security tapes showing the events were confiscated. Frankly, there is NOTHING less honest than a government.   If you want to check where the wiki gets it's data from, the source is right there, at the bottom of the page. Anyway, aren't you now trying to use that same data against me? With regards to the gun%, I've already apologised for misreading that, and I do so again. I still think, however, that the nuances of gun restrictions within the US are not telling enough.  Earlier you said governments don't lie to your face.   [QUOTE]North Dakota (for example) is the safest place to be, according to your list, and it has (relatively strict) laws. DC, with it's 'strictest gun laws', only denies guns to those who have broken the law or are homeless ('keeping bawdy or disorderly house' refers to a brothel, not to messiness). Compare these with laws such as the UK's, where gun permits are only for legitimate sport- or work-related activities, and 'self-defence' has not been a valid reason for gun ownership in over 50 years, and you quickly see that whether the tiny fraction of the population with a drugs conviction can get access to a gun or not is really quite irrelevant. All of the US has 'loose gun laws'.  Your table showed pretty much the same correlation if you study the laws. Hmm... as you always say "You didn't give a source!emoticon_cry ".
Drunk people have poor judgment and tend to ignore danger that sober people would readily acknowledge. This is a nice story, but it hardly allows the assertion that "being armed isn't a deterrent." It may not have been in this case, but it really doesn't make sense to extrapolate that conclusion to every single case.  And what, you're expecting criminals to be stone cold sober when they're threatening you? Do you want a law requiring people not to to take intoxicating substances whilst carrying out criminal acts? Crime rates are affected by policing levels, not the armament of vigilanties or draconian sentencing.
 I didn't give a source for what? The table is irrelevant, for reasons you quoted in your post.  Anyhow, explain how your post is enough to dismiss the laws as "irrelevant".
Gun haters like iangb and Daewoo want to punish law abiding citizens and let the dangerous criminals go free! Criminals don't obey laws so the gun control laws that the gun haters want will will never work. England still has gun crime after the gun haters banned guns there!
Look at this!  Well, based on the table I showed you earlier, I'd say your argument is irrelevant, as there is very little correlation between crime and population density.
All the statistics and data pulled up doesn't prove one way or the other. I work with statistics all day and I can make the data say whatever I want it to say.  Gun laws are pointless. They are only a feel-good law to placate the masses and make them think they are safer. DC's reduction of crime may not be due to gun laws, but actually LEO's patrolling more and enforcing existing laws which prevents all convicted felons and individuals convicted of violent misdemeanors from owning firearms.  What I want to see is any data that shows the number of LEO's hired and the subsequent decrease in the crime rate.
Cutting off their hands would do that too.   I have one question for the Anti-gun crowd.  Do you think you are more or less likely to be attacked if you have a gun?
I'm not talking about someone who stores guns in a tool shed or something. I'm talking about CCW. If someone had a gun cocealed and on them, do you think they are more or less likely to die in a violent attack?
A tap on the back of the head from a length of two-by-four renders a gun, concealed or not, no more than an expensive lump of useless metal which might just injure you further as your senseless body collapses on top of it.  I assume that when you see a man walking toward your wielding a two by four, you would allow him to hit you in the back of the heademoticon_rolleyes.
Furthermore, if someone has gone so far as to make a burglary while you are still on the premises, if they then suspect you have a gun then they are more likely to pre-emptively attack you to ensure their safety.  And how would they know you have a gun?   In the likely event that a criminal has the advantages in a home invasion (as is likely to be the case: suprise, numbers), the more of a threat you are the less likely you are to survive.  Right, so you should crawl into a closet and hide right? If someone wants to break into your house and hurt you, they will do it, gun or no gun. If you have a gun then you are much more likely to survive a violent home invasion.   The scenarios that you and penfold provided are quite ridiculous. A man coming to attack you with a two by four and you don't notice? A violent home invader that knows you have guns in the house, and tries to break in anyway?
You assume you saw it coming.  Yes, I do. You would have to be stupid not to see a guy coming at you with a two by four, and most CCW carriers are very alert to their environment, and can see threats and suspicious persons coming.
Burglars don't want to hurt you. They want to steal your stuff. Preferably with as little hassle as possible.  Yes, however when they're packing guns then they're there to hurt you, and they should be shot.
More likely. If they are carrying a concealed gun, then the sate they are in has lax carrying laws. So, everyone with criminal intent will also be carrying. Violent attacks then become instantly more deadly.  Obviously not lax enough for a criminal to get one, but lax enough for normal people to get one. Now stop dodging my question and please answer.    They would guess, because the state you live in has lax gun laws.  Lax gun laws will prevent even small criminals from getting their hands on them. No state has so lax of gun laws that criminals can get their hands on a carry licence. And even if they did, what kind of criminal would go through all that trouble when they can just conceal it illegally, which is what nearly all criminals do. Surprisingly, CCW holders account for nearly zero percent of gun crime. Most gun crime is committed with illegal guns anyway.  That said, lets stop using the "lax law" argument.    I point you towards the recent trends in 'safe rooms'. Better yet, however, is to get out of the house.  How many people do you think can really afford a safe room?   If you have a gun, or the invaders suspect that you have a gun (see my first reply) then it is much more likely that a home invasion will turn violent.  Criminals aren't stupid. They will not enter a house if they suspect someone inside has a gun unless they're trying to commit suicide.   I would say that your scenario is more ridiculous. The idea that someone would break into your house specifically for the purpose of hurting you is far-fetched in the extreme. You've been watching too much Saw/Funny Games/[other exploitation film].  Even so, people have a right to defend themselves, not matter how small the chance of attack is. Would you tell this to the victims of a violent home invasion?    A home invader does not know whether anyone has guns in the house.  Then why were you suggesting above that they do?   However, depending on the laws on guns, you will be much more or much less likely to have one in your possession. If you are a threat (more likely to have a gun), you may well scare people off, but you may well do nothing but make yourself a target.  Chances are, the burglar is coming after you. Solo room clearing is suicide, and chances are you are highly trained with your weapon, and he is not. If you do it right, the odds of you getting shot are slim.   So, a situation for you: Some men break into your house during the day. They saw an open window, assumed everyone would be out, and decided to jump in, grab some stuff and get out again. If your state has particularly/unenforced carrying/concealment laws, they may well be armed.  Again, criminals would usually not go through the trouble of aquiring legal firearms. And, if they are armed, chances are they are not going to be just "stealing some stuff".   They hear noises upstairs. Normally, that would be enough to send some people away - the mere risk of discovery. It could even be that the risk you have a gun will be just enough extra to scare them away, but a burglar alarm, or obvious CCTV camera(s) would do exactly the same - intimidation. If they don't leave they instead have to react to you. Should this be a pro-gun state they may fear that you are armed (but stay regardless, see the above sentence)  I gaurantee you, if a criminal suspects you have a gun, he will be out in a heartbeat. No question about that. Unless he is mentally disabled, he will not risk himself being killed for some stuff.
More likely. If they are carrying a concealed gun, then the sate they are in has lax carrying laws. So, everyone with criminal intent will also be carrying. Violent attacks then become instantly more deadly.  You didn't give me a source!!emoticon_cry But aside from that, if they have a gun, and they draw, you can shoot them before they shoot you.  They would guess, because the state you live in has lax gun laws.    I point you towards the recent trends in 'safe rooms'. Better yet, however, is to get out of the house.  And let them take everything that means anything to you? Why would you be so cowardly as to do that when you could just aim your gun at them, which usually is enough to scare them away. Also, how much does a safe room cost?  If you have a gun, or the invaders suspect that you have a gun (see my first reply) then it is much more likely that a home invasion will turn violent.  Prove it. Give me a source. You always whine like the weakest of downtrodden underlings about me not giving sources, when you never give them yourself.   I would say that your scenario is more ridiculous. The idea that someone would break into your house specifically for the purpose of hurting you is far-fetched in the extreme. You've been watching too much Saw/Funny Games/[other exploitation film].  What if they broke into your home because their wife cheated on them with you? What do you think their intent would be? Either to kill you or cut your tool off... and I don't want either to happen to me!  A home invader does not know whether anyone has guns in the house. However, depending on the laws on guns, you will be much more or much less likely to have one in your possession. If you are a threat (more likely to have a gun), you may well scare people off, but you may well do nothing but make yourself a target.  That's what suppresive fire is for! And if you draw first, they'll either realize that if they try to draw, you'll shoot them, or they'll try to draw, but you'll shoot them first.  So, a situation for you: Some men break into your house during the day. They saw an open window, assumed everyone would be out, and decided to jump in, grab some stuff and get out again. If your state has particularly/unenforced carrying/concealment laws, they may well be armed.  What straw would you grasp for if I said no state lets felons get CCWs?  They hear noises upstairs. Normally, that would be enough to send some people away - the mere risk of discovery. It could even be that the risk you have a gun will be just enough extra to scare them away, but a burglar alarm, or obvious CCTV camera(s) would do exactly the same - intimidation.  Will the police magically teleport to your location the nanosecond the burglar alarm sounds? Will they wave magic wands and appear in puff of smoke? Burglar alarms give them enough time to grab what they want and run away.  If they don't leave they instead have to react to you. Should this be a pro-gun state they may fear that you are armed (but stay regardless, see the above sentence) and decide to try and get rid of you before you can get to them - you would then be in trouble, regardless of whether you actually have a gun or not, or if you realised that you weren't in a safe position or not.  Which is why you shoot them first!  If this isn't a pro-gun state and they have decided to stay regardless of the risk of being caught, they can more or less ignore you. They take what they can grab and leave. You lose property, claim it on insurance, nothing has changed.  What if you don't have insurance? And they'll still be roaming the streets, burglarizing other homes. Wow. They sure learned their lesson.  No, they are packing guns because the state has lax gun laws and because they fear that you might also have a gun (again, because of lax laws).  How would they get a CCW permit? No state has gun laws so loose as to let felons get CCW permits, so they would have to carry illegally.
From the opposite viewpoint, When they (homeowners) are packing guns, they might hurt you, so shoot first!  I knew you anti-gun people supported crime!!!
Burglars don't want to hurt you. They want to steal your stuff. Preferably with as little hassle as possible.  Which means they would be less likely to break into your house at all if there was a chance you would be armed. With this statement, you are practically admitting a handgun ban would increase crime.
From the opposite viewpoint, When they (homeowners) are packing guns, they might hurt you, so shoot first!  Here you're admitting that armed burglars are there to hurt you. All the more reason you should be able to defend yourself.
I'm sorry, I must have a different definition of 'answering the question' to you. As far as I am aware, the format goes Question? Answer + Rationale. Like this.  I'm sorry, you did answer my question. However it was a preposterous answer. You're pretty much telling me that you are more likely to die if you defend yourself than let them kill you.    Source on the bold?  This is just common sense. There could not be a source on this because this would require illegal gun owners to step forward and admit that they had committed a crime with their illegal gun. People who would commit crimes would not go through the trouble of buying an illegal gun.   Besides, you miss my point. 'Lax laws' means that it is possible to carry a concealed weapon legally.  There is no such thing as lax laws like that. What you are proposing is anarchy. Lax laws means that criminals are not allowed to carry, however responsible citizens are. If the Brady bunch had their way, over 1,199,287 more people would be dead by the beginning of this year. Roughly one person would die every minute if guns were banned.  http://www.pulpless.com/gunclock/noframedex.html    This means that there is less likely to be enforcement against illegal weapons being carried in this manner. I'm in full agreement that adding laws on their own will not change anything. But enforcing those laws will have an effect. You're focusing on the 'law', and ignoring the 'enforcement', which is ignoring the larger half of my argument.  You said "lax laws", but you are talking about "no laws".     This is provably false - the are burglaries and home invasions carried out in states where gun control is minimal.  Of course, but I highly doubt there is nearly as much. Reasonable gun control laws will not magically bring all burglaries to a halt.  The threat of gun ownership is not sucessfull in these cases.  See above.   Then why are all weapons not legal?  Because not all of them are practical. You can't defend yourself with an M249 SAW, but you can with a Handgun. An RPG won't stop a home invasion, but a shotgun will. Obviously I'm not for legalizing these weapons.    After all, all of them can be used for 'defence'.  A nuclear bomb could be used for defense, but his is not legal for obvious reasons.   Mace, tazers, stun guns... I have nothing against defencive weaponry such as these, which are hard to use in an offensive manner.  For these two work, the criminal has to be awfully close to you. I would rather make sure They didn't come that close.    You're confusing 'know' with 'suspect'. To clarify, criminals do not 'know' if the owner of a house has a gun. They may 'suspect', however, depending on the gun laws of the state.  If they 'suspect', then they will stay out of the house. They would rather go to a house with no guns then most likely be shot in a house with one.   Whoever said 'solo'? The only one you know to be alone in these situations is you, unless you happen to be having an NRA meeting at the time.  Burglars aren't highly trained special ops teams. They're street thugs. They don't know how to clear rooms or even shoot straight for that manner. If you have a gun, you are highly trained because the laws usually require it. Chances are you will take them out before they set foot in your bedroom.   [quote]Why not? If you were to go into a house where there was a risk of being caught, you would want some manner of protection/intimidation against potential homeowners/dogs, regardless of whether the homeowner may be armed or not.[quote]  Criminals don't carry guns into other people's houses for "intimidation". Even if they did, this is all the more reason a homeowner should have a gun. Because if you don't bring a gun to a gunfight, chances are you're not going to survive.    I deny that most burglars enter a house with the intent of harming the homeowner.  So? They broke into your house and you were inside. Thats all I need to know.
Neat inversion of logic. Now I see why you cling desperately to the untenable positions you do.  This is the most pathetic excuse for a rebuttal. If you cannot answer my post, then don't reply. This just shows that the antis will do anything to make us look stupid. Last time they blamed the nra for a bombing.
You obviously inhabit a different reality to us, but that's not necessarily a bad thing.  More wild accusations. You're only making yourself look bad.
Right, time to reply.  Not at all. Your question was the following: "If someone had a gun concealed and on them, do you think they are more or less likely to die in a violent attack?", not "are you more or less likely to die if you defend yourself". The rationale is, as I also stated, that a state which allows CCW will not spend as much time seeking out illegal CCW-ers.  Woah, wait a minute. Why not?   This means that if someone goes out with the intention of violently assaulting someone, they are more likely to carry a firearm as opposed to a slightly more excusable (in the eyes of the law) weapon such as a knife. The question then becomes: If you were attacked with a gun rather than a knife, are you more or less likely to survive? The answer should be obvious, regardless of whether you happened to be CCW or not.  My question was not about the laws, it was about whether you were carrying a gun. Stop dancing around the question. I'm talking about, regardless of what the law was, someone is coming at you with a knife, would you be more likely to survive with a gun or less likely? This question has pretty much become a circus, with you trying to convince me that ccw states will not pursue illegal carriers, and that if you have a gun, all the criminals will have a gun.  To repeat the question with a twist: would you rather be attacked by a gun when you also were carrying, or attacked with a knife when you were unarmed?  Hands down, attacked by a gun when I had a gun.  Personally, I'd rather the knife - the alternative is to go through life with one hand constantly resting on your gun and the safety off.  When being attacked by a knife, and being unarmed, chances are you are not going to survive. However, when a dumb street thug is coming at you with a gun, and you have one too, chances are you are going to have much better aim.  I deny this. If you can buy a gun legally and not have to worry about being arrested for unlawful possession, or (I would guess) pay quite so much, would you not take that option? I would say that common sense dictates that the only people with illegal guns are people who would not be allowed to buy legal ones.  This is under the assumption that legal guns are used to commit crimes, which is not the case.  You assume several things. Firstly, that criminals are born criminal - that it is impossible for a 'responsible citizen' to commit a crime.  I do assume that criminals are born criminal, or at least its how they're raised. It is not impossible for a responsible citizen to commit a crime, however it is unlikely.   Secondly, you assume that there will be as much enforcement against criminal CCW in places where legal CCW is more widespread - that there is no correlation between legal and illegal CCW. To analogise this: in the UK it is illegal to drive your car without basic insurance. However, many people drive legally. As a result, there are very few checks by police to see if a specific driver on a specific day is legal - instead, you have to do something to catch the eye of the police beforehand.  Illegal CCW is not enforced now anyway. Its called CCW for a reason. Concealed. As in, no one can see it. Therefore it is very easy to get away with. This leaves criminals packing. The question is, do you want citizens to be able to defend themselves against these criminals?    Hmm... I doubt this very much. Sources are here, here, here and here.  "Three victims (1.5%) employed a firearm in self-protection. All three escaped injury,"   Really not the case. See above.  In case you didn't know, I am AGAINST felons being able to buy weapons.  ...so current gun control laws are not reasonable?  I didn't say that.  Anyway, that is not what I claimed. I claimed that gun control will reduce the number of burglars who are carrying guns - which will reduce fatalities and/or injuries in a burglary.  This is wrong. Even if gun control will reduce the number of burglars carrying guns, they will carry a knife, a sword, a taser, a bat, something. And the victim will not be able to defend themselves, because all of these weapons require strength, which criminals usually have, while guns require skill, which criminals don't have. Therefore, a victim is more likely to survive an attack from someone with a gun (that didn't take them by surprise) when they're armed, rather than someone being attacked with a knife and no way to defend themselves.  By the 2nd amendment, if the American people choose to call any weapon 'arms', then it is their 'right' to bear that weapon  The constitution, like the bible, is not infallible. However, its principles should be followed.  . See John McCain's opinion on assault rifles and armour-piercing rounds.  Do I look like I support John McCain?  Not so with a tazer... 15 feet of protection for $300, which is more than you need in most houses, especially if you are defending yourself rather than seeking out an invader.  What if you miss?  Like I said in my last post, provably false. (Potential) criminals don't put round questionnaires to see if a house is armed or not, so the only clue they will have is the laws of the state they are in. Those clearly don't stop home invasions.  This seems ridiculous to me.  'Highly trained'? As far as I can tell, in the US only 6 states require training for gun licence. They are: 8 hour training class in Arizona (for CCW only) 'Training course' in Arkansas (for CCW only) 'State Approved Firearms Training' in Michigan (for CCW only) 15 hours & proficiency test in New Mexico (again, for CCW only) State approved training course in North Carolina (CCW only again) 12 hours of handgun training plus tests in Ohio (CCW, the wiki was unexplicit about other licences)  Somehow, I don't think that this counts as 'highly trained'. And on what basis do you state that criminals will be incompetent gun users?  How many criminals or potential criminals do you know? Have you ever seen a gangster shoot a gun? Its laughable.  And, every gun owner I know or have ever talked to, goes to the range regularly. Very few people buy a gun and let it sit in their closets.   Pfft. I disagree with this massively - for example, of the 32 cases where a gun was used in a home invasion (study is here), only 6 people were shot and no-one died.  So, just let them clean you out? Take everything that is valuable while you sit in the corner? Thats the plan?  Over 20% of people got shot? I would really rather no one be shot, except the burglar.  So you've changed from "if they are armed, chances are they are not going to be just "stealing some stuff"." to "if there's someone in your house, shoot them!". Doesn't this strike you as a little paranoid?   If someone breaks into your house are you going to take the chance. And please do not misquote me. I did not say anywhere "if there's someone in your house, shoot them!". I also rest my case that if someone is in your house with a gun, you have a right to either retreat or shoot. You should not be making that decision for someone, because everyone has different circumstances. Sometimes the burglar is after your stuff, and sometimes they're after you. Even though being hurt in a home invasion is rare, you are essentially screwing over those people. What will you tell their families?
Right, time to reply.  The rationale is, as I also stated, that a state which allows CCW will not spend as much time seeking out illegal CCW-ers. This means that if someone goes out with the intention of violently assaulting someone, they are more likely to carry a firearm as opposed to a slightly more excusable (in the eyes of the law) weapon such as a knife. The question then becomes: If you were attacked with a gun rather than a knife, are you more or less likely to survive? The answer should be obvious, regardless of whether you happened to be CCW or not.  I would say a gunshot wound or knife wound to the abdomen are equally deadly... your point about violent attacks is moot. If an attacker wants to kill you, they'll find a way. You're on the whim of the attacker...   I deny this. If you can buy a gun legally and not have to worry about being arrested for unlawful possession, or (I would guess) pay quite so much, would you not take that option? I would say that common sense dictates that the only people with illegal guns are people who would not be allowed to buy legal ones.  You assume several things. Firstly, that criminals are born criminal - that it is impossible for a 'responsible citizen' to commit a crime. Secondly, you assume that there will be as much enforcement against criminal CCW in places where legal CCW is more widespread - that there is no correlation between legal and illegal CCW. To analogise this: in the UK it is illegal to drive your car without basic insurance. However, many people drive legally. As a result, there are very few checks by police to see if a specific driver on a specific day is legal - instead, you have to do something to catch the eye of the police beforehand. If less people drove legally, then there would be more checks for insurance and illegal driving would reduce equally.  So... you do believe a person is innocent until proven guilty. So why can't I INNOCENTLY carry a weapon and proven guilty if I commit a crime?  Hmm... I doubt this very much. Sources are here, here, here and here.   Really not the case. See above.  3 out of your 4 sources you quoted are SURVEYS. Very subjective. I care about what is proven. And "shooter" pointed out that any self-defense with a firearm resulted in victims UNHARMED.  Anyway, that is not what I claimed. I claimed that gun control will reduce the number of burglars who are carrying guns - which will reduce fatalities and/or injuries in a burglary.  32 years of gun control in Washington DC, crime has not been reduced. Go figure.  Not so with a tazer... 15 feet of protection for $300, which is more than you need in most houses, especially if you are defending yourself rather than seeking out an invader.  Again.. "shooter" puts a good point.. what if you miss? I can also get a shotgun, load it with rubber pellets and not kill a person. Would that satify your "non-violent" stop-the-killing feeling? I actually have a 12-gauge with rubber bullets.. ready to go. emoticon_emb   Like I said in my last post, provably false. (Potential) criminals don't put round questionnaires to see if a house is armed or not, so the only clue they will have is the laws of the state they are in. Those clearly don't stop home invasions.  'Highly trained'? As far as I can tell, in the US only 6 states require training for gun licence. They are: 8 hour training class in Arizona (for CCW only) 'Training course' in Arkansas (for CCW only) 'State Approved Firearms Training' in Michigan (for CCW only) 15 hours & proficiency test in New Mexico (again, for CCW only) State approved training course in North Carolina (CCW only again) 12 hours of handgun training plus tests in Ohio (CCW, the wiki was unexplicit about other licences)  Somehow, I don't think that this counts as 'highly trained'. And on what basis do you state that criminals will be incompetent gun users?  Gang members are MORE well-trained than the local police because they spend more time at the range. There's an FBI report on this.... look for it. If you want good gun control, allow an officer to follow a known gang member to the local firing range and arrest his/her XXX.   And most gun owners I know of do not shelve their guns for a rainy day.  A part of the CCW education tells you can you will be charged with a crime when you shoot a person... See below for the difference between self-defense and manslaughter or assault.  Pfft. I disagree with this massively - for example, of the 32 cases where a gun was used in a home invasion (study is here), only 6 people were shot and no-one died.  So you've changed from "if they are armed, chances are they are not going to be just "stealing some stuff"." to "if there's someone in your house, shoot them!". Doesn't this strike you as a little paranoid?  Don't mistaken paranoia as a proactive approach to controlling one's destiny. Do you really believe all gun-owners have a gun within arms reach from anywhere in the house? Then you are being very stereotypical. You watch too many violent movies to get that type of impression.  There is very fine line between SELF-DEFENSE and MANSLAUGHTER/ASSAULT. Self-defense is the use of deadly force to prevent imminent personal injury or death (NOT protection of property). Legally, you CANNOT shoot a person just for stealing stuff from your house; it's considered manslaughter or assault and you would be charged with it. Its up to you to prove that you shot for self-defense and prove imminent danger. If I was a statistician who wanted more gun control, I would put manslaughter cases as a violent gun crime to exaggerate the numbers. Numbers are amazing things.... :)
Just what makes you think that outlawing guns will do any good? Why do you think that making guns illegal would make it harder for criminals to get them, or might encourage them to stop using them?
Do you have any idea how many handguns are stolen from the registered owner annually in the United States? Something like 200,000 I believe.  Look you baboon, I don't want nonsense I want answers. What makes those here in favor of gun control and gun bans believe that by outlawing guns they'll make things better for everyone?
Well that was a good start. Are you planning on insulting everyone who replies to your post?  He has a baboon picture for his avatar.  Of course it would be more difficult for criminals to get hold of guns if there were fewer of them around.   We're not talking about there being less guns around, we're talking about them being made illegal to own.  Cocaine is already illegal to own. Crystal meth is already illegal to own. Marijuana is already illegal to own. But guess what, criminals STILL have these drugs and use them regularly!  It would also make it more difficult for children to get hold of them,  Tell that to people in D.C. who still have their children die from being shot.  or feuding neighbours who, on the spur of the moment, think that waving a gun around might bring about a solution to their problems.  Tell that to the people in D.C. who need gun shot sensors.  If you don't think you're going to like the answers to your question, then don't ask the question.  Is that why you anti-gunners never ask questions, just spout nonsense?  Smiley  Prozac.
Do you have any idea how many handguns are stolen from the registered owner annually in the United States? Something like 200,000 I believe.  First off, I would like to see a statistic for this 200,000 number, and if true, then I would like to see why that isn't more of a reason to stay armed so as to defend oneself from all of those newly armed criminals who now possess stolen weapons?   And welcome to the forum Ghost Rider, just remain calm, make your points and all will be well with you.
Look you baboon, I don't want nonsense I want answers. What makes those here in favor of gun control and gun bans believe that by outlawing guns they'll make things better for everyone? Firstly, sinjin is not a baboon. His avatar is colorful, but not indicative of his mental capacities. Be nice, or you'll get banned.  I think he is alluding to the obvious fact that if people had not been allowed to purchase and register their guns, some 200,000 guns/year would NOT have been stolen, thus some 200,000 guns/year would be removed from the cache of guns available to criminals.  However, the falacy of that thought is that guns are in demand by criminals...they will be procured by criminals whether they steal them from law abiding citizens or purchase them on the black market from other criminals.  Outlawing guns will only remove them from law abiding citizens. The criminals will be unaffected.
Firstly, sinjin is not a baboon. His avatar is colorful, but not indicative of his mental capacities. Be nice, or you'll get banned.  I think he is alluding to the obvious fact that if people had not been allowed to purchase and register their guns, some 200,000 guns/year would NOT have been stolen, thus some 200,000 guns/year would be removed from the cache of guns available to criminals.  However, the falacy of that thought is that guns are in demand by criminals...they will be procured by criminals whether they steal them from law abiding citizens or purchase them on the black market from other criminals.  Outlawing guns will only remove them from law abiding citizens. The criminals will be unaffected.  Precisely Jim, if criminals cared about the law then they wouldn't be stealing guns to begin with.
He has a baboon picture for his avatar....and you have a flaming skull for yours...does that mean your brains have been burned out?    We're not talking about there being less guns around, we're talking about them being made illegal to own.That would be fewer guns, not less guns. Where did you go to school? What part of "these 200,000 guns would not be available to criminals" did you not understand? His point is that SOME, albeit small...impact would be made on the criminal's ability to procure weapons by removing the registered weapons that are about to be stolen and passed out through the black market.    Cocaine is already illegal to own. Crystal meth is already illegal to own. Marijuana is already illegal to own. But guess what, criminals STILL have these drugs and use them regularly!Supply and demand at work.    Tell that to people in D.C. who still have their children die from being shot.    Tell that to the people in D.C. who need gun shot sensors.    Is that why you anti-gunners never ask questions, just spout nonsense?There you go again...claiming nonsensical statements have been made when there is a valid point made.  Removing guns from law abiding homes would certainly decrease the incidences wherein a child finds daddy's gun and shoots a friend, a sibling or himself. The gun-control advocates make a few points now and then, but they overlook the most obvious fact in the argument. Outlawing guns will not decrease the availability of guns to criminals.
That would be fewer guns, not less guns. Where did you go to school? What part of "these 200,000 guns would not be available to criminals" did you not understand?    The part I don't understand is how outlawing guns would actually keep them out of the hands of criminals. Would outlawing guns magically make them vanish from existance? No. Will outlawing guns convince criminals to turn theirs in? No. Will outlawing guns make the hundreds of thousands currently stolen firearms that're circulating the underground market networks inaccessible to criminals? No. Will it make it easier for the police to take guns out of the hands of criminals? No. Will it help locate the tens of millions of illegal guns circulating in this country? No.  So obviously outlawing guns will have no positive benefits.  His point is that SOME, albeit small...impact would be made on the criminal's ability to procure weapons by removing the registered weapons that are about to be stolen and passed out through the black market.  Why would anybody register weapons if they were just going to illegally sell them to somebody on the black market?  Supply and demand at work.  And criminals demand guns, so somebody will always be supplying them.  There you go again...claiming nonsensical statements have been made when there is a valid point made.  Valid point? I see NO valid point anywhere. Outlawing guns will not make them inaccessible to criminals.  Removing guns from law abiding homes would certainly decrease the incidences wherein a child finds daddy's gun and shoots a friend, a sibling or himself.   So would parents educating their children early and often of the dangers of playing with guns. That way maybe they won't find a stranger's gun hidden in the park and think it's a toy.
The "black market" doesn't deal in homemade weapons. They're stolen for the most part too.  And if they're stolen that means that they're illegally possessed by a currently illegal supplier. And since they're illegally possessed by an illegal supplier, that means that they're obviously not bothered by the current laws cocnerning firearms possession by criminals, meaning that banning gun ownership won't even make them blink.
Who do you think they stole them from? Hint: They didn't have to go far.  Fact of the matter: They're already circulating criminal networks. The criminals already have plenty of guns, that means that ending gun ownership will play no real part in ending gun possession by criminals.  Face the facts! There is absolutely no legal access to any narcotics like pot or cocaine, yet criminals are still getting it and dealing in it.  I needn't worry about you stealing my apples if I have no apple tree.  You also needn't worry about being victimized if you have nothing of value.  If the supply of weapons is reduced demand is unchanged, granted. The ability to satisfy that demand is though.  The supply of weapons will never be reduced through crackdowns on legal gun ownership. Criminals have access to tens of millions of illegal guns already, they're not going to run short anytime soon.  We can't do anything immediate about the guns already out there in the hands of criminals.  Then what is the justification for trying to make me into a criminal and take my rights away from me?  We can over time make it harder and harder to get one.  By infringing on my rights?  You're actually telling me that ending my private right to legally own a gun will somehow prevent a criminal being being able to gain access to a gun through illegal channels? Because if that's what you're saying that you're several different kinds of stupid all wrapped together.  Look at Washington D.C. By far the absolute strictest laws in the entire nation, they STILL need gun shot sensors because people are STILL being shot and killed on a regular basis!  How would you feel about steep fines for losing a registered weapon regardless of how?  Probably the same way you'd feel about steap fines if your car was stolen regardless of the fact that you kept the doors locked and the keys inside the house.
Did Prohibition of alcohol do any good? Nope, just made the criminals all the more powerful. Did Prohibition of drugs do any good? Nope, just made the criminal all the more powerful. Will Prohibition of legal firearms do any good? Not a chance in hell.  Banning legal ownership has never, ever, EVER done anything toward ending the illegal use of something. Never has, never will. It's absolutely impossible and just shows far for withdrawn people are from the real world in their thinking.
Countries which have chosen to ban the production and sale of handguns to the public have been successful in reducing gun violence as a consequence. There's no denying it.  Well America isn't other countries. What worked for them won't work for us. Their background is one that places no value on rights, while we do; that's why so many people still come here. We're bordered by Canada and Mexico, we can't even stop illegal aliens from getting into this country, what's to stop illegal guns from crossing the border if demand gets high enough?  Then there's the fact that guns are stolen from the police, both officers and evidence storage rooms.  There's also the fact that even if only the police and military were allowed to have access to firearms, then there would still need to be manufacturing plants to crank out enough supply, and that supply would need to be stored somewhere. And any central storage location can become a target and broken into.  We must choose not to embrace the traditon that teaches the virtues of being armed.  What in the hell does that mean? That would should no longer follow the concept that being armed allows us to better protect ourselves against violent attacks by the irrational percentage of the American population? Sounds an awful lot like a fancy "be a victim" speech to me.
My turn to ask what the hell?  You explain the meaning of your statement, I'll explain the meaning of mine.
Our collective minds have to be disabused of the fantasy of the John Wayne/Clint Eastwood/Charles Bronson hero types. I don't see that happening anytime soon.  You statement makes even less sense now than the previous one did.  You think Americans want guns because we've got the mistaken belief that it's fun? You couldn't be further from the truth! For some people, being able to own a gun literally makes the difference between life and death! We don't carry a gun because it's a fun idea, we do it because the world is a dangerous and deadly place! The police aren't there to help you, it's not in their job description. You have to take care of yourself and look out for your own hyde, nobody else is going to be looking out for your own personal wellbeing.  You wanna get rid of the notion that Americans need guns? Start by getting rid of all violent criminals; the primary reason why we carry guns. Eliminate them from the equation, make them something that used to exist but no longer does.
It appears to me that the primary motivation of the pro-gun lobby is fear.  And the anti-gun lobby saying "this weapon (the .50 caliber) can be used to shoot a plane out of the sky and is being bought by terrorists" isn't the use of fear as a form of motivation?  From fearing their government, and their neighbours, to fear of criminals (who they presume are all armed}, to fearing other "less normal" gun owners. No amount of Lynx is going to cover that up!  And no amount of statement is going to change the basic facts: the police aren\'t there to protect you, the courts have ruled it\'s not their job, they\'re ruled you can\'t sue them, so you\'re responsible for protecting your own XXX! And if you choose to be defensless then it\'s nobody\'s fault except your own if you get killed as a result.
The criminals love their guns for the same reason you do.  My reason is that I\'m confident enough to not feel helpless. I highly doubt criminals suffer from feelings of helplessness and that\'s why they choose to be armed. If anything it\'s to discourage anyone from trying to be a hero.  Countries with few guns still have criminals. What they don\'t have is the numbers of people killed every year with guns.  That doesn\'t necessarily make it a good thing.
Not having a gun equating with being defenceless is a false dichotomy which only applies if you allow yourself to believe it to be so.  Oh really? I\'d like to test out that theory. You find me somebody who believes that they\'re not defensless even when unarmed, and I\'ll confront them with my chain and we\'ll see who does better. If it\'s all a matter of how you think on it then whoever you bring to the table should have no problem standing up to somebody armed with 25 feet of heavy flexing steel that knows how to use it.
You have a twenty-five foot flexing gun? ;)   ..Or just trouble understanding plain english?  The way I understood it, you said that not being armed and equating it to being defenseless was a false statement that only applies if one chooses to do so. So I suggested we test that out. You find somebody thinks they're not helpless when unarmed, and I'll bring my chain to the fight and we'll see how that person fares against an armed assailant.
Not having a gun equating with being defenceless is a false dichotomy which only applies if you allow yourself to believe it to be so. not beign armed with a gun dose not mean that you are defenceless, but a gun is one of the best tools avalabul to defend yourself.   think about it for a moment,  with any other tool it matters the relitice strenth of the atacker and the victome. the enviroment you are attacked in matters more.  safe and proper use, as well as retencion, can be tought in weeks, not in years (for martial arts). it can be used at a longer distance, to prevent voilance. and yes all of these strengths are also why the criminals want them. but that is not a good reason to throw the baby out with the bathwater.   i wish i could find a transcript of the history channel's Tales of the Gun opening credits. it sights the gun as a tool used by hero, and vilen alike, and that it is used for both good and evil.
This makes no sense to me. Choosing not to carry a weapon is fulfilling a desire to feel helpless? That's just silly.   Criminals carry a gun because they wish to control people and discourage heroic attempts against themselves. Citizens carry guns to protect themselves against criminals and for reassurance that they can take care of themselves, on their own.  Don't paint us all with the same stroke of the brush. Criminals and the law-abiding have guns for entirely different reasons.  I would submit you have issues of alienation and problems with a lack of empathy which manifest as a form of paranoia that is assuaged by fondling a device that can kill. Even you think you're psycho.   I would submit that you can talk a big game, but know little of which you speak of.  Are you saying that lots of shootings can be a good thing?  Saying that there are less shooting deaths in areas with less guns is like saying there's less drunk driving in counties that observe Prohibition of alcohol; it's stating a simple fact, but taken completely out of context.  Less shootings doesn't amount to less deaths and murder. In Kenya many people are currently being brutally butchered by men armed with nothing but machetes. Does the fact that there are less guns than machetes involved in this genocidal movement make it a good thing?
Samuri swords are cumbersome and inconvienient to carry day to day.
I said that not having a gun did not equate wih being defenceless. The misinterpretation that not having a gun is being helpless and unarmed happened in your head.  Well regardless of what you meant, the facts are plain and simple: if you don't have a gun then you have no defense against armed predators and violent individuals.
I think many of you are missing the point.  Sinjin, if you think that a total gun ban magically stops crime, read this.  these are statistics from Australia after their oh so benevelent removal of all weapons.  "One year after gun-owners were forced to surrender 640,381 personal firearms to be destroyed, including semi-automatic .22 rifles and shotguns, a program costing the government over 500 million dollars, the results are in... "  OBSERVABLE FACT, AFTER 12 MONTHS OF DATA:   Australia-wide, homicides are up 3.2%  Australia-wide, assaults are up 8.6%  Australia-wide, armed-robberies are up 44% (yes, FORTY-FOUR PERCENT)  In the state of Victoria, homicides-with-firearms are up 300%  Figures over the previous 25 years show a steady decrease in homicides-with-firearms (changed dramatically in the past 12 months)  Figures over the previous 25 years show a steady decrease in armed-robbery-with-firearms (changed dramatically in the past 12 months)  There has been a dramatic increase in breakins-and-assaults-of- the-elderly  At the time of the ban, the Prime Minister said "self-defense is not a reason for owning a firearm"  From 1910 to present, homicides in Australia had averaged about 1.8-per-100,000 or lower, a safe society by any standard.  The ban has destroyed Australia's standings in some international sport shooting competitions  The membership of the Australian Sports Shooting Association has risen to 112,000, a 200% increase, in response to the ban and as an attempt to organize against further controls, which are expected.  Australian politicians are on the spot and at a loss to explain how no improvement in "safety" has been observed after such monumental effort and expense was successfully expended in "ridding society of guns". Their response has been to "wait longer".   Also look at headlines from Britain.  Contrary to popular belief, gun bans DO NOT deter crime at all.
I went to this link and it looks like for the most part homicide has been decreasing in Australia-  http://www.aic.gov.au/stats/crime/homicide.html  Firearms deaths have also decreased.  "In 1991, there were 629 firearm related deaths compared to 333 deaths in 2001. This represents a 47 per cent decrease in firearm related deaths over the period 1991 to 2001." http://www.aic.gov.au/publications/cfi/cfi066.html  Do you have hard evidence that proves beyond reasonble or a shadow of a doubt, that gun control is the sole reason for this supposed drop in death rates, or that Australia isn't massaging its statistics to make themselves look safer than they really are?  I want links to every last single bill ever passed by Australia between now and 1996. Supply every last bill, especially the ones related to crime. I want proof that simply banning guns made all the difference in the nation of Australia, and that no other laws played any difference whatsoever. If you don't have that then you have nothing.
I stumbled upon this site by following a link posted on a gun forum that I frequent, which should give a hint as to which side of this debate I'll be speaking up for.  First, since this is my first post here and I've only been perusing this site for an hour or so, I need to know if the "anti-gunners" that are posting in this thread are Americans or not. It seems to me that the site is frequented by a rather diverse, international group of people, and if I'm right about that, then I think I know the problem with convincing them of the incorrect way they are evaluating private gun ownership in America.   Even if every single one of the antis posting here is American, the problem is the same; it's an abject lack of understanding of what our Constitution does and from whom our rights derive. Our government was not put together with the notion that those who hold powerful positions are the givers or guarantors of our rights, they are the protectors of them, nothing more, nothing less. God is who, according to our Founding Fathers, our rights derive from, and those of us who agree with that premise get a little testy when mere mortals try to use the protectors of our rights (our government) to contravene the authority of the giver and guarantor of them (God).   Now, I'm not trying to take this discussion in an off-topic direction and make it about religion. The premise that I describe above is not dependent upon anyone evaluating the existence, or lack thereof, of God in order to accept it as fact. It simply is a hard, cold, wholly provable fact that our Founders believed deeply in the accuracy of that premise, and that they wrote The Constitution with the conviction that they were writing what they perceived God wanted them to write as the cornerstone of its foundation. So if one asks what Madison or Jefferson had in their minds as it relates to the 2nd Amendment, if you take some of their more salient quotes on the subject and combine that with the knowledge that everything they put to writing in our founding documents were directives from God, then there can be no more valid debate about gun control in America without first talking about repealing The Constitution, thus rejecting the permanently-held view of historians and legal scholars since our country's inception that God controls our destiny, not man and/or man's laws. Like it or not, accept the premise or not, believe in God or not, that is precisely what anti-gunners are up against if they want to effectively repeal the 2nd Amendment's original meaning and intent through legislative fiat. And I can back that up.....  "Whereas civil-rulers, not having their duty to the people duly before them, may attempt to tyrannize, and as military forces, which must be occasionally raised to defend our country, might pervert their power to the injury of their fellow citizens, the people are confirmed by the article in their right to keep and bear their private arms." -- Tench Coxe, in Remarks on the First Part of the Amendments to the Federal Constitution   "The best we can hope for concerning the people at large is that they be properly armed."  -- Alexander Hamilton, The Federalist Papers at 184-188   "If the representatives of the people betray their constituents, there is then no recourse left but in the exertion of that *original right of self-defense which is paramount to all positive forms of government, and which against the usurpations of the national rulers may be exerted with infinitely better prospect of success than against those of the rulers of an individual State. In a single State, if the persons entrusted with supreme power become usurpers, the different parcels, subdivisions, or districts of which it consists, having no distinct government in each, can take no regular measures for defense. The citizens must rush tumultuously to arms, without concert, without system, without resource; except in their courage and despair." -- Alexander Hamilton, Federalist No. 29 *My note: All "original rights" come from God, and that is the perspective from which Hamilton uttered these words.  "That the said Constitution *shall never be construed to authorize Congress to infringe the just liberty of the press or the rights of conscience; or to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms ... "  -- Samuel Adams, Debates and Proceedings in the Convention of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, at 86-87 (Pierce & Hale, eds., Boston, 1850) *My note: "Shall never be construed" means exactly that; the right was granted to man by God and cannot be overridden by man or man's laws for perpetuity. That's a long time! No matter how you slice it, 230 years doesn't even scratch the surface of how long this right was supposed to be protected by our government!  "Before a standing army can rule, the people must be disarmed; as they are in almost every kingdom in Europe. The supreme power in America cannot enforce unjust laws by the sword; because the whole body of the people are armed, and constitute a force superior to any band of regular troops that can be, on any pretense, raised in the United States. A military force, at the command of Congress, can execute no laws, but such as the people perceive to be just and constitutional; for they will possess the power, and jealousy will instantly inspire the inclination, to resist the execution of a law which appears to them unjust and oppressive." --Noah Webster, An Examination of the Leading Principles of the Federal Constitution (Philadelphia 1787).   Maybe it is the case that both Americans and non-Americans alike have never been made aware of just how conclusive the righteousness of the 2nd Amendment, as well as all the others, was thought to be by our Founding Fathers. Maybe they don't realize that, to a man, every single one of them can be quoted describing the 2A as protecting an individual right, no different in its' importance to the governance of the citizenry, in a well-ordered society, than the 1st through 10th Amendments were/are. If present-day government is allowed to damage the strength and unalienable nature of the 2nd Amendment through tyrannical legislation which subverts the supreme authority of the document that grants them their power in the first place, what's to stop them from doing the same to any of the other amendments or precepts of the greatest document ever devised by man?   You anti-gunners are perfectly within your rights to be anti-gunners. You are not, however, within your rights to demand of your government, or *our* government as the case may be, that they treat one amendment to The Constitution as less important, less fundamental, less unalienable than any other. If you want to be treated with respect for expressing views which our form of government guarantees is your God-given, fundamental, unalienable right to do, no matter who or how strongly someone may disagree with you, then you have to extend to us the same respect for exercising those rights which are guaranteed to us as gun owners with equal power and force of law. Instead of saying, "There should be gun bans in America," say, "I have banned guns in my home and have decided not to expose my children to them because I feel they cause more trouble than they're worth." The former says you want our government to break the very set of laws that grants its' power, and the latter says that you have chosen to accept the law for what it is and made a personal decision, that steps on no gun-owner's or The Constitution's toes in any way, to take action that is within your legal power to effectuate in your own life and home. Make sense?  Seekerrr
Having read through your interminable rant, I would like to pose just one question to you.  Interminable? That's a big word for you isn't it? Do you know what it means or are you just using it to look smarter than you really are?  If you argue the dubious point that rights come from somewhere outside men's rational mind, do you believe that God gave people the right to view kiddie porn?  Why, are you friends with that Brady guy that believes it's a violation of a sex offenders to make them register and forbid them to live within a 1,000 feet of a school or park or anywhere kids might gather to play? Are you friends with that sick freak? Are you!? What exactly are you two doing over there anyway, what do you look at together?!  After all, the Framers began 1A with the stirring words, "Congress shall make NOLAW..."  Yeah that's been an awful big success now hasn't it.  Some of the gun nuts on this forum have been saying that I have trouble reading,  Reading involves more than being able to tell what a word says. To truly read you have to tell what the words actually mean.  but do you think the words NO LAW can be construed in any other way than to say NONE WHATSOEVER or NOT A SINGLE ONE?emoticon_smile  Of course they can.  The First Amendment says a lot more than simply "Congress shall make no law", so you can't go just by that alone. If you could then I could freely argue that the Second Amendment really means what the second half says and nothing else at all, being "the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed". But neither of these amendment say this exclusively, so they obviously mean much more than what can be taken at face value.
Now, what part of NO LAW can be interpreted in a manner other than NONE without destroying the original intent of the framers?:xbanghead  I'm curios as to just what part of the First Amendment has to do with your precious kiddie porn that you so desperately want.
seekerrr,  Having read through your interminable rant, I would like to pose just one question to you.  If you argue the dubious point that rights come from somewhere outside men's rational mind, do you believe that God gave people the right to view kiddie porn?  After all, the Framers began 1A with the stirring words, "Congress shall make NOLAW..."  Some of the gun nuts on this forum have been saying that I have trouble reading, but do you think the words NO LAW can be construed in any other way than to say NONE WHATSOEVER or NOT A SINGLE ONE?emoticon_smile  I honestly can't imagine what part of my post came across as a rant, interminable or otherwise.   Upon my first look at this site it struck me that there were many good debaters here, and that people were generally reasonable and knowledgeable about the things they were discussing. It's a shame that the first response to my first well thought-out, politely-worded, completely and provably accurate post was anything but reasonable or knowledgeable. I'll wait for one that is before being diverted by blithering idiocy.  Seekerrr
Trust me, Jack, I don't want it at all. I find even thinking about its being disseminated vile and disgusting.  Then why in the hell did you even bring up the subject for discussion if it disgusts you so greatly?
The problem with kiddie porn is it's creation, not it's broadcast. Bottom line, kiddie porn is rape, and will not be tolerated. Broadcasting it is shameful, but not by it's self a sin.  There are laws against it's broadcast, just the same as there are laws against owning weapons. Neither are correct by the constitutional standard.
That may well be your particular belief.  However, the wordsmiths clearly did intend, by their inclusion of the words NO LAW in 1A for the right to be absolute.  What other meaning can these 2 little words be given that are true to their original intent?  That's bulls**t and you know it!   If the First Amendment was meant to be absolute then the Supreme Court would've never said that "fighting words" weren't protected.  No right is ever absolute in its scope or design, everything has limitations on it. If there were no limitations it would be total anarchy.
Now if I were bhbcu64, I would naturally ask at this point;   "If no right is absolute and everything has limitations, how can you argue against limitations imposed on 2a rights?"  A troubling concession. Well played BHB.  Because some limitations, such as preventing someone from yelling fire in a crowded theater when there is no fire, or owning a fully armed nuclear warhead aimed right at the government, are within reason and sensible. But declaring that people have to keep all of their firearms locked up and stored away so children can't find them ot use them, that's unacceptable and unreasonable.  Is it reasonable to expect the First Amendment to protect a non-permitted gathering of people to call for the execution of all blacks and mexicans in this country? No. Is it unreasonable to ban political ads within so many days of an election? Yes.  There's a large difference between meaningful limitations for the protection and continued existance and safety of the people, and limitations that exist simply for the sake of existance and have been proven useless.  Get the picture?
Please tell us just exactly what the difference is, especially in light of those who think the limitations on 1A are as "useless" as you think the ones on 2A are.  You wanna know the difference involved? Fine.  Meaningful restrictions would include the prohibition of allowing for someone to publicly call for the murder of a group of individuals in an attempt to incite a riot and anger the people listening, which could lead to people getting hurt or killed. Meaningful restrictions are about prohibiting stupid extremists behavior and acts.   Stupid restrictions seek to address problems that don't exist and often times hurt people rather than helping anyone, such as requiring gun owners to report the loss or theft of their firearm 72 hours after they knew or "should have known" of the disappearance.  Meaningful restrictions exist because of genuine problems that demanded their creation.  Stupid restrictions exist because some damn politician didn't like how things were normally run and thought there was room for improvement with more red tape.
And your definition of "stupid extremists" is...?  One good example of extremists behavior that should be limited would be the forming of a lynch mob with the intent of going into a jail, grabbing a suspect in a heinous crime, dragging them outside and hanging them from a tree, before a trial ever came about. You could say that this is protected by the First Amendment, but it sure as hell isn't something that would qualify for constitutional protection.  Please word your definition in such a way that ALL Americans, not simply those who support your POV, agree.  I'm not gonna dumb down my statements so people with the lowest common intelligence level can understand what I'm saying. Catering to stupid people is one reason why we've got so many educational problems. Stupid people used to be left behind, now they're leading the pack and screwing everything up.  If you're stupid and can't keep up then you should be left behind on the side of the road so the smart people can advance, and you get to repeat the course and hopefully pass that time. Maybe the same of being older and in a younger course will convince you to work harder and stop being a dumbass.
You don't see a problem with some 200,000 guns being stolen annually? IIRC the second largest source of weapons falling into the hands of criminals.  200,000 stolen annually. That means that annually 200,000 concerned people are reporting them being stolen when it occurs. So where's the justification for a law that mandates they do this? They're already doing the responsible thing of their own free will, why should they be required to by law? Where's the sensibility in it all?  I've got $7,000 invested in guns and ammo, do you think that for even one minute I'm gonna hesitate to report the theft once I discover it happening? That's my stuff and I want it back!  And what the hell does "know or should have known" mean anyway? How do you come to the determination of "should have known"?
You don't see a problem with some 200,000 guns being stolen annually? IIRC the second largest source of weapons falling into the hands of criminals.  Whether or not us 2nd Amendment advocates see a problem with thievery (which seems as though the answer should be obvious), the fact remains that we're talking about law, not individual preferences or sense of the rightness or wrongness of the law. The Framers gave us a way to change The Constitution. If that process is not followed, but changes are made through activist courts or by legislation which glaringly disregards the laws that give them their powers, that is breaking the law. The fact that those of us who understand this distinction don't have the power necessary to enforce the law as it stands in no way mitigates the reality or accuracy of the assertion. You are asking of our government the abdication of their solemn oaths to uphold and protect The Constitution. You're asking them to break the law and their word as honorable men and women. Well....some of them anyway, but that's what you're asking of them whether they can legitimately be described as honorable or not.  Now, if we could agree on that basic premise, then the prudence of the law in question could be discussed from the perspective of whether or not its shortcomings justify the intentionally long and arduous process of changing The Constitution. But if the gun-grabbers want to argue the intent of the law as being something other than what literally thousands of available quotes from the authors of it say it was intended to be, and argue that it should be effectively deemed repealed by 9 unelected men and women in black robes who would be violating their constitutional powers in so doing, you'll get nowhere with us. You're arguing in favor of anarchy in that case. We're arguing in favor of the rule of law. It really boils down to just that.  Seekerrr
Why am I certain that's not what you were posting about?;)  Why am I certain that you're just looking for a fight and don't care about how you go about getting it?
keseltron,  [B]The problem with kiddie porn is it's creation, not it's broadcast. Bottom line, kiddie porn is rape, and will not be tolerated.[B]  Agreed absolutely, which is why I want those who produce the stuff prosecuted, and, if convicted in a fair trial, punished as severely as the law allows, but that's not the issue.   Broadcasting it is shameful, but not by it's self a sin.  Which I why I limited my hypothetical to private ownership.  There are laws against it's broadcast, just the same as there are laws against owning weapons. Neither are correct by the constitutional standard.   True, but again not the issue. The issue is more aabout the stream of commerce. As this related to 2A, the lesson of Miller is that firearms having no military use cannot be placed in the stream of commerce.  The plain language of 1A makes the reverse appear to be true. "Press" requires distribution to be press, with, of course, the concomitant right of people to not read it.  The Miller decision declared that "Certainly it is not within judicial notice that this weapon is any part of the ordinary military equipment, or that its use could contribute to the common defense." Meaning that because it was not a weapon that would have any useful purpose in a militia, it is not protected by the second ammendment. It does not mean that because it is not currently being used in military it is not protected. The reason that it is useless and, say, handguns are is because a sawed off double barrel shotgun is too cumbersome to be carried as a sidearm, yet not effective enough to be used as a main weapon. Also, the defendant skipped town before the trial.   Miller is an interesting decision. You should give it a gander some time.
Silly you, not getting that the SCOTUS set the bar so high in a libel suit as to de facto eliminate libel as it relates to a publlic official.  Where is the mind reader with sufficient ability to discern when and where a newspaper is acting with "actual malice"?  If the bar is so high as to be out of reach, the net effect is to abolish the cause of action entirely.  Dude, you were proven wrong with your own citation, and you still claim to be right? Talk about arrogance.  The bar really isn't set that high, you just have to supply proof that the statement was false and made by someone who knew that it was false.  This reminds me of the Miller case when it was determining the place of a sawed-off double barreled shotgun. They didn't say that it didn't have a place in the militia, they just said they had no evidence available to support the statement that it did. Of course when the defendant isn't there and can't argue the case it's awful hard to make any real determination.
Sorry, that's not ALL Sullivan stands for.  Do you know what actual malice means in the law?  I suggest you might start with Black's Law Dictionary.  Malice. The intent, without just cause or reason, to commit a wrongful act that will result in harm to another.  http://www.answers.com/topic/new-york-times-co-v-sullivan?cat=biz-fin
seeker,  If that process is not followed, but changes are made through activist courts or by legislation which glaringly disregards the laws that give them their powers, that is breaking the law.  You mean like the activist court which, while looking at a magazine, decided that it was not speech or press simply because it contained "obscenity" and therefore not covered by 1A?  Now that's activism; that is breaking the law.  Prove it. Prove that the Founders meant to preclude any interpretation of the 1st which outlawed obscenity. You know, show us the quotes that say that their collective intent was to create an "absolutely-anything-goes" society as regards eliminating any regulation whatsoever when the speech or press example in question injures others, either financially or physically. You do realize don't you, that your rights end where mine begin? In other words, your rights are the last thing considered by law if your actions infringe on someone else's rights. Surely you're not going to argue that a full-grown man forcing some kind of sex on a child is not injurious to that child. You can't seriously believe that the Founders intended for the 1st Amendment to protect someone profiting from depictions of such a sick act. If you do believe such, then give us just one quote from one framer of The Constitution that supports such an....ahem...obscenely vacuous assertion. Good luck.  Now, I will have no problem whatsoever supplying a hundred quotes from the vast majority of framers that say unequivocally that their intent for the 2nd Amendment was to protect the individual right of Americans to keep and bear arms, and that that right shall not be infringed. In other words, I can prove that my interpretation of the 2nd Amendment is wholly consistent and compatible with what the framers intended it to mean.  Quit trying to obfuscate the question at hand. If you're not happy with an interpretation by the SCOTUS regarding obscenity and the 1st Amendment, then bring a case and show how you, society or the sanctity of The Constitution has been injured by said interpretation. That's what we, as gun-owners and 2nd Amendment advocates have done, and after taking more than 70 years, we have a case that will decide once and for all what the 2nd Amendment means, or at least the individual vs. collective right aspect of it. I think it's going to be heard this month as a matter of fact. The last I heard, it would be in the Spring in any case.   Your problem(s) with how the SCOTUS has interpreted the 1st Amendment as it relates to obscenity has nothing whatsoever to do with their virtual abdication of their responsibilities to make some kind of definitive interpretation of the 2nd. Your argument belongs in another issue-thread for debate, not in the gun control thread. You have yet to even discuss the 2nd without confusing and obfuscating the issue with your criticisms of how the 1st has been interpreted as regards kiddie porn and obscenity in general. So let's see if you can answer one salient question; do you believe the 2nd Amendment protects the individual right to keep and bear arms?  Why am I certain that's not what you were posting about?;)  Umm....because you're the only one talking about the 1st Amendment in a 2nd Amendment thread perhaps?  Seekerrr
I just hope that you remember that the same SCOTUS which can read things into one Amendment that are not there can read things out of another one that you seem to think are there.  As the great Chief Justice John Marshall declared, "The Constitution is most definitely what the judges say it is."  Interesting how you chose to completely sidestep the question asked by Seeker.
Bryan,  How do you continue to have faith in your NO LAW = NO POSSIBLE RESTRICTIONS argument when the case you cite for this position agrees that a line exists "between speech unconditionally guaranteed and speech which may legitimately be regulated"?   You STILL don't get it, do you?  Brennan's opinion ought to make you gun nuts shake in your tidy whities.  What he is saying is that the SCOTUS claims the right to interpret "NO LAW" from 1A out of all existence.  If the SCOTUS can claim that some speech, despite the absolute terms of 1A, can "legitimately be regulated" what is to stop the SCOTUS from saying that some provisions of of 2A may also "legitimately be regulated"?  All it will take is for President Obama to replace 3 or 4 Justices, which seems more and more likely, to bring about that happy outcome.  Doesn't the phrase "legitimately be regulated" strike fear into you and your ilk?  If I were in your position, I would be afraid, very afraid.  Well, actually, if this is really all you're trying to get across, then I don't disagree. I am very concerned that the renegades on the SCOTUS will seize power that is not granted them in The Constitution and ignore both the intent and letter of the law, thus imposing their own individual mores on us. If that is your argument, you sure have a lousy way of putting it forth, but I do agree that it is a legitimate concern.  So, is the intent of the 2nd Amendment to protect an individual right to keep and bear arms or not as far as you're concerned?  Seekerrr
You STILL don't get it, do you?  No, apparently YOU don't get it!  Brennan's opinion ought to make you gun nuts shake in your tidy whities.  Why, because it establishes what we've believed in for so long, that NO right is absolute in its scope and magnitude? Why should we be afraid anyway, because we come off as being reasonable?  What he is saying is that the SCOTUS claims the right to interpret "NO LAW" from 1A out of all existence.  Prove it.  If the SCOTUS can claim that some speech, despite the absolute terms of 1A, can "legitimately be regulated" what is to stop the SCOTUS from saying that some provisions of of 2A may also "legitimately be regulated"?  You mean like the flawed concept of the Second Amendment making it legal for all citizens to own nuclear warheads, surface-to-air missiles and death rays? Grow up already!  All it will take is for President Obama to replace 3 or 4 Justices, which seems more and more likely, to bring about that happy outcome.  He won't get to be president until 2009, therefore he won't be able to elect new justices until after Heller has been decided and by then it'll be too late to do anything.  Doesn't the phrase "legitimately be regulated" strike fear into you and your ilk?  Why should it? You said yourself that one Supreme Court case can be overturned by another. So if they screw up on Heller we'll just construct a new case to make it to the Supreme Court, with circumstances crafted in such a way that the only way they can possibly rule is that the right truly is individual.  If I were in your position, I would be afraid, very afraid.  You should be very afraid as it is. The Supreme Court will most likely tell you and everyone else that the Militia Clause isn't valid and that the Second Amendment is purely about nothing more than protecting the individual's right to keep and bear arms, plain and simple.
The thought that, when I walk down the street, I do not know who is or is not armed fills me with dread.  Why's that? Are you a mugger? A rapist? A carjacker? What the hell are you, boy, that causes the thought of legal gun owners being able to protect themselves, to fill you with dread and fear?  Only criminals have any reason at all to be afraid of people being armed, so what's that say for you?
Care to tell that to the families of those murdered at Virginia Tech, Auburn, UNC, etc., all of whom were killed by people carrying firearms that were legally obtained?  And how many of these killers were legally armed at their place of killing? Not single a damn one of them. They all broke the law when they walked onto their killing grounds, because laws forbid guns at those locations. Therefore not a single one of them qualified as a "legal gun owner" or a "law abiding gun owner", therefore your entire argument is moot.  Let me ask you again. What is it that you do, that makes you afraid of law-abiding citizens who are legally carrying guns to protect themselves? Are you a rapist? A mugger? A murderer? A carjacker? A pothead?
"None of the above" fits quite well, thank you.  Then for what reason are you afraid?  BTW, the UNC and Auburn gun victims were off campus.  Were they killed on their way to or from school?  BTW #2, if the state can ban guns at schools, they have the power to ban them everywhere.  States nothing. Guns are banned on school property by the Federal law known as the Gun Free School Zones Act. The Supreme Court determined this law to be unconstitutional, but the government reenacted it despite this fact.
It is the gun crowd which claims an absolutist position under 2A without a single word in the Constitution to support that POV.  Sorry, you're mistaken, please try again :)   Unlike you, we're not the people making such outrageous statements, calling for the repealment of every last gun law on the entire planet. We're not on TV raising hell, screaming at the top of our lungs for the right to buy and own modern nuclear warheads so we can aim them right at the Pentagon should they so much as cast a dirty look in our direction. We're not raising all kinds of hell over the fact that we can't buy RPGs and surface-to-air missiles and 140mm cannons.  You see, unlike YOU we're actually reasonable people, and we're fully willing to accept restrictions so long as they're perfectly reasonable. What we won't tolerate, however, are blatant attacks against us for no justifiable reason.  Kindly don't get the likes of us, confused with you. It's highly offensive to gun owners to be painted as the same extremist type as you.  What I have been saying all along is that, even in the face of the absolutist terms of 1A (NO LAW), the SCOTUS has interpreted that out of all rational meaning.  Sorry but once again you've missed the boat and fallen into the ocean.  The Founding Fathers never intended to set up an environment where no law of any sort could ever be passed for any reason whatsoever. If that truly had been their intent then the founding document would include somewhere in its body, a passage reading "No government shall ever be established within this land, no law shall ever be passed on this soil, no restrictions of any sort may ever been enacted for any reason." Since so passage exists, this was never the intent of the Founding Fathers.  What you need to be very afraid of is that the SCOTUS will reject YOUR absolutist position on 2A, which has far less underpinning it in its text than 1A does and rule in a way you will truly dislike.  The only thing absolutist about our position is that the Second Amendment protects a right that's purely individual, completely independent from the nonsensical believe that one must serve in the army, and that it does nothing to grant any power to any organization of any sort.  I hardly see that as an unreasonable position.
And, as we know, REASONABLE people can differ in their understanding of the definition of the word "reasonable".  Actually we're pretty uniform on what we consider "reasonable firearms laws and restrictions". Background checks, we're okay with that. Severe punishments for criminals in possession of a firearm, we're okay with that. A more involved process for purchasing a machinegun than what's involved with any other type of firearm, we're okay with that.  What we aren't okay with are things like the DC gun ban, waiting periods, registration, bans on so called "assault weapons" and other such BS that has no basis in anything other than existing simply for the purpose of existing.  You say 2A permits the private ownership of firearms. You call that reasonable. I call that unreasonable.  And I call bulls**t on you. I think you're just looking for a fight and don't care how you get it.  I would like to see firearms, except for hunting guns, extirpated from the USA. I call that reasonable. You call it unreasonable.  That's because it is unreasonable. Especially since the accepted definition of "hunting guns" has warped in the last 50 years. Since there's no specific criteria that needs to be met to qualify as a hunting firearm, any gun capable of downing game with one or two shots is perfectly suitable for hunting. Just recently the AR-15 platform has been adapted for the .338 Federal cartridge, which will take deer and elk easily.
Actually we're pretty uniform on what we consider "reasonable firearms laws and restrictions". Background checks, we're okay with that. Severe punishments for criminals in possession of a firearm, we're okay with that. A more involved process for purchasing a machinegun than what's involved with any other type of firearm, we're okay with that.  Ahem.....We're not as "uniform" in what we consider reasonable as you proclaim GR. I frequent several gun forums and, except for a few who are similar to the guy you're responding to here and just like to argue for the sake of arguing, I've never seen proclamations such as the one above before.   Background checks are nothing more than permission slips for future confiscations. You consent to that intrusion in order to exercise your God-given rights, and you might as well kiss the "God-given" aspect of it away and accept that it is "man-granted" and "man-controlled."   "They" say that the pen is mightier than the sword, yet you would not deny criminals their 1st, 4th or 5th Amendment rights, only their 2nd. I could understand the advocation by a 2nd A advocate of restricting their gun rights until some showing of rehabilitation can be shown, but I honestly believe that a lifetime denial of rights, along with "severe penalties" for exercising those rights, is not only highly unreasonable, but illegal under any originalist reading of The Constitution.  And a "more involved process" for buying a machine gun than for other guns? You're playing right into the Brady mindset. You claim you're against bans on "assault weapons," and even put the fear-mongering phrase in quotes to emphasize the ludicrousness of it (I presume), but want the government to decide if you're able to buy or own one legally?   You're welcome to these conclusions about your own view, but please, speak for yourself. "We" are not at all unified in these issues. In fact, there's only a gnat's breath worth of difference between what you're advocating here and what Brady and the AWB mandated before it was finally allowed to die an unceremonial death. Sorry, but that's just the way I see it.  Seekerrr
[QUOTE]Ahem.....We're not as "uniform" in what we consider reasonable as you proclaim GR. I frequent several gun forums and, except for a few who are similar to the guy you're responding to here and just like to argue for the sake of arguing, I've never seen proclamations such as the one above before.  I talk to a lot of people, we all share similar viewpoints.  Background checks are nothing more than permission slips for future confiscations. You consent to that intrusion in order to exercise your God-given rights, and you might as well kiss the "God-given" aspect of it away and accept that it is "man-granted" and "man-controlled."  Here's the thing. We've already established that no right is ever absolute, and we're alright with that fact. Realistically we need to accept certain limitations on exactly what the Second Amendment means and does. If we refuse absolutely everything we're no better than the crazy nuts and anti-gunners. We need to be reasonable on this issue.  What would you suggest as reasonable gun control laws?   "They" say that the pen is mightier than the sword, yet you would not deny criminals their 1st, 4th or 5th Amendment rights, only their 2nd. I could understand the advocation by a 2nd A advocate of restricting their gun rights until some showing of rehabilitation can be shown, but I honestly believe that a lifetime denial of rights, along with "severe penalties" for exercising those rights, is not only highly unreasonable, but illegal under any originalist reading of The Constitution.  Well if somebody's proven that they're going to go out and willfully murder people for absolutely no reason, they deserve to be locked up or put down.  The people responsible for all the school massacres are sick individuals. I don't think they could be trusted no matter how much rehabilitation they're given.  And a "more involved process" for buying a machine gun than for other guns? You're playing right into the Brady mindset. You claim you're against bans on "assault weapons," and even put the fear-mongering phrase in quotes to emphasize the ludicrousness of it (I presume), but want the government to decide if you're able to buy or own one legally?  Well what about a higher price for true machineguns than their semi-automatic cousins? People are willing to pay $1,000 for a new AR-15 (I know, I've seen 'em do it!) what about $2,500 for a new model M-16 made after 1986? Would that be more acceptable?  You're welcome to these conclusions about your own view, but please, speak for yourself. "We" are not at all unified in these issues. In fact, there's only a gnat's breath worth of difference between what you're advocating here and what Brady and the AWB mandated before it was finally allowed to die an unceremonial death. Sorry, but that's just the way I see it.  Actually there's a much larger difference between what I say and what the other side wanted. They advocated a total and outright ban on certain models based on nothing but cosmetic features. What I'm advocating is lessened restrictions until we're at a reasonable level that we can tolerate.  I'm in full support of the repealment of the machinegun ban, the machinegun importation ban, the handgun safety lock law, the "sporting provision" of the Gun Control Act and many other insane laws that are of no purpose. The laws I DO support are the ones that are supposed to actually make a difference and inhibit criminals more than honest citizens.   Yes I know the background check can be superceded by the black market, I'm not denying that and I never have. Because criminals can't buy from licensed dealers that makes it harder to actually set up sting operations and catch them. The only good part about the background checks is that we can say that we're not allowing criminals to get their guns at any legal location.  The thing we have to remember is that the battle of gun control vs. gun rights is unlikely to be settled in one big bill that'll give us everything we want. We're going to have to compromise on what we want and what we get. Oftentimes we're going to need to settle for less than what we want in the short run, if in the long run we can get a total repeal.
Could it be that there is dissension among the gun nuts as to just what the word "reasonable" means?  There's dissension among the ranks of gun-haters as to just what the word "reasonable" means as well.  Look at the previous two posts. One guy thinks a reasonable restriction would be to prevent felons from ever again possessing firearms; the other one calls this unreasonable.  Well if you go out and murder innocent people for kicks, then no you shouldn't ever be able to touch a gun again. I hardly see how that's unreasonable. There are certain degrees of felonies, and cold blooded murder is a very serious degree.
I would have to agree with Ghost Rider in that background checks are reasonable. I think that most felons who are barred from owning guns should be allowed to own guns, but I find it difficult to understand why someone would be against enforcing the existing laws. That, to me, is as lame as Clinton's "don't ask, don't tell" solution to gays in the military. Change the law, don't avoid it.  As far as machine guns go, I fail to see why they should cost more. all that is is an economic restriction on their possesion. That is why there is currently a $200 tax on their transfer. The "man" wants to keep weapons out of the hands of the poor. That is where much of the saturday night special legeslation comes from.   As for the second ammendment protecting only hunting guns, and not weapons, ...  I can't even muster a response. That is possible the most idiotic thing I have ever read.   "Civilian ownership of deer rifles, being necesary to the security of tonight's dinner, the right of the people to hunt, shall not be infringed."  I own an ar-15. It is chambered in .223, and in Ohio (my state of residence), it is nearly useless for the persuit of game. It is my people hunting rifle. I keep it and train with it because that is my duty ss a member of the unorganized militia. I also teach everybody who is willing to learn how to shoot. It would be nice if everybody would take the same innitiative. We would all be a lot safer (especialy in the long run).
I have nothing against cheap handguns or their ownership. I also have nothing against machineguns. I'm simply trying to think of a way people can freely own new models again, while at the same time being able to point out to the stupid media that they're not easy for criminals to get.
[QUOTE=Ghost Rider;305549]What would you suggest as reasonable gun control laws?  Well, I look to the main intent of the 2nd Amendment, which was at least as much about one's ability to defend themselves and their families, as it was about defending the country from usurpers, even if those usurpers happened to be Americans and/or American politicians. "Reasonable" is relative to the threat you face. In deciding "reasonable" armament to enforce The Constitution from a run amok government, I would focus on the word "arms," as in "...to keep and bear arms...." I can agree that nukes and missile batteries might not fall within a strict definition of "arms." Arms, as used by the Framers, probably referred to small arms, things that could be carried and wielded by hand. The reason I say that the bigger armament "might not" fall into the protected right category is that there is a lot of history in the U.S. of private ownership of cannon and mortar, and I don't recall ever reading about a 2nd Amendment ruling that said they weren't included in the protected right, but I wouldn't feel put-upon if the SCOTUS decided they weren't. I do however, feel very put-upon that I have to ask permission, any degree of permission, to exercise my right to own whatever weapon I want that is at least as effective in combat as any of the small arms that the government might bring to bear against us. I believe to my core that this is a reasonable reading of the 2nd Amendment, and it is most certainly consistent with the reasons that many Framers stated for including the 2nd in the Bill of Rights.  I believe that "realistically" we have allowed Congress, presidents and the courts to engage in usurpation already. I am not willing to voluntarily concede more constitutional ground, and I am frankly disappointed when I see/hear gun-owners and self-proclaimed 2nd Amendment proponents offer such vast amounts of concessions simply to appear "reasonable" to those who would send our government to our homes to take our guns by force if they had that authority. To me, it's analogous to George Washington sending an envoy to Cornwallis' encampment at Yorktown to offer compromise on thoroughly trouncing him in the final battle because to do such would make the King and the people back in England think negatively of the Revolutionary Army. Who on our side should've cared what they thought? And why should you or I care what gun-grabbers think of our willingness (or in my case, unwillingness) to compromise today? I have a real hard time even thinking about compromising what our Founders bequeathed us as fundamental, unalienable rights. And that my friend, is imminently reasonable.  Well if somebody's proven that they're going to go out and willfully murder people for absolutely no reason, they deserve to be locked up or put down.  The people responsible for all the school massacres are sick individuals. I don't think they could be trusted no matter how much rehabilitation they're given.  I can live with this clarification, but this is hardly how you put it when I responded to it. You didn't mention "murderers," just "criminals." I used to work with a guy that got busted for two joints back in '63 or '64. It wasn't enough for him to serve one year for each joint (that's right, TWO YEARS IN PRISON for two joints!), but he also lost his voting privileges and his fundamental, unalienable right to own a gun. For TWO JOINTS! These are the kinds of criminals I was responding on behalf of, not whacked out, murderous freaks. The people to whom you refer above should be deprived of their right to live, period, and that will take care of depriving them of their gun rights at the same time.   Well what about a higher price for true machineguns than their semi-automatic cousins? People are willing to pay $1,000 for a new AR-15 (I know, I've seen 'em do it!) what about $2,500 for a new model M-16 made after 1986? Would that be more acceptable?  Of course not! Why? What on Earth would that accomplish, other than artificially inflate the prices of inanimate objects that the government has no business regulating to begin with? You want only rich people to have *unalienable* rights? Are you really serious about this?   Actually there's a much larger difference between what I say and what the other side wanted. They advocated a total and outright ban on certain models based on nothing but cosmetic features. What I'm advocating is lessened restrictions until we're at a reasonable level that we can tolerate.  Again, I ask you to please speak only for yourself. The Firearms Act of 1934 went well beyond what I am willing to "tolerate." If the Heller case is decided that the 2nd is an individual right, that act will effectively be repealed, as well as the vast majority of gun control laws currently on the books. Would that be an "unreasonable" outcome for you? Would it be "intolerable?"   With pro-gunners like this, who needs Sarah Brady?  I'm in full support of the repealment of the machinegun ban, the machinegun importation ban, the handgun safety lock law, the "sporting provision" of the Gun Control Act and many other insane laws that are of no purpose.   Right, as long as the government involves itself in the pricing of said weapons.  The laws I DO support are the ones that are supposed to actually make a difference and inhibit criminals more than honest citizens.   And just exactly how are criminals inhibited by blanket laws that encompass law-abiding citizens within their unconstitutional mandates? How does charging a law-abiding citizen a premium for a small arm inhibit criminals? How on Earth does it inhibit them any more than the honest citizen? Criminals won't pay that premium, they'll just wait for ol' Honest Joe Citizen to buy one and steal it from him! Will Honest Joe at least get a refund from Uncle Sam for the difference between the "criminal-inhibiting" premium and what the gun should've cost to begin with?   I'm stunned. Really.   The thing we have to remember is that the battle of gun control vs. gun rights is unlikely to be settled in one big bill that'll give us everything we want. We're going to have to compromise on what we want and what we get. Oftentimes we're going to need to settle for less than what we want in the short run, if in the long run we can get a total repeal.  You really gotta take it easy with that "we" thing. I'm not going for a repeal of any bill. I'm in it for preserving The Constitution, all of it, and if Heller is decided correctly, repealing bills that the court just made unenforceable would be moot, wouldn't it? I honestly can't imagine how "unreasonable" you will see the 2nd Amendment if it's, well, upheld.   I guess I gotta get out more. The forums that I frequent the most are those that are mostly populated by staunch supporters of an originalist view of The Constitution in general, and the 2nd Amendment specifically. Dare I say, WE don't molly-coddle gun-grabbers in hopes that we can dumb down the 2nd Amendment far enough for us to be viewed as "reasonable." It either means what it says, or it means nothing. And if it means nothing, God help us, we don't have a snowball's chance in Hell of keeping any of the rest of it meaningful and enforceable.  Seekerrr
I believe that private citizens should be allowed to own cannons and mortars in most circumstances. The battles of Lexington and Concord, which initiated the revelutionary war, were fought in defense of armories containing cannons. This is significant on several levels. Firts of all, they were not fighting to defend an armory of small arms, because they kept those in their homes or they would bear them on their person. Next, it demonstrates how centralized armories are easy targets for the government in order to disarm the people. Further, it shows to importance of artillery in a revelutionary movement.  Now, I understand that some modern cannons can do catastrophic damage, far too great a power to be trusted to any citizen. The question is: Where do we draw the line between private ownership of weapons and rouge citizens having access to wmd's?  Machine guns and armor piercing bullets should be available to civilians, as both are used in the military by infantry. Acording to the miller decision, we need weapons in common use at the time. I would say that an m-16 would be considered pretty common at this time.
I believe that private citizens should be allowed to own cannons and mortars in most circumstances.  What circumstances would you not allow a private citizen to own a cannon?     Now, I understand that some modern cannons can do catastrophic damage, far too great a power to be trusted to any citizen. The question is: Where do we draw the line between private ownership of weapons and rouge citizens having access to wmd's?    That doesn't seem to be the question at all. You state that there are too large of cannons that should not be in the possession of any citizen. But what if the cannons are stored in an armory?
I believe that "realistically" we have allowed Congress, presidents and the courts to engage in usurpation already. I am not willing to voluntarily concede more constitutional ground, and I am frankly disappointed when I see/hear gun-owners and self-proclaimed 2nd Amendment proponents offer such vast amounts of concessions simply to appear "reasonable" to those who would send our government to our homes to take our guns by force if they had that authority. To me, it's analogous to George Washington sending an envoy to Cornwallis' encampment at Yorktown to offer compromise on thoroughly trouncing him in the final battle because to do such would make the King and the people back in England think negatively of the Revolutionary Army. Who on our side should've cared what they thought? And why should you or I care what gun-grabbers think of our willingness (or in my case, unwillingness) to compromise today? I have a real hard time even thinking about compromising what our Founders bequeathed us as fundamental, unalienable rights. And that my friend, is imminently reasonable.  Why should we care? Because the public is nothing but sheep and they're easily influenced. Public opinion speaks very loudly. No matter how loud gun owners yell, if the larger percentage of the population that doesn't own a gun speaks louder, the politicians will listen to them.  I can live with this clarification, but this is hardly how you put it when I responded to it. You didn't mention "murderers," just "criminals." I used to work with a guy that got busted for two joints back in '63 or '64. It wasn't enough for him to serve one year for each joint (that's right, TWO YEARS IN PRISON for two joints!), but he also lost his voting privileges and his fundamental, unalienable right to own a gun. For TWO JOINTS! These are the kinds of criminals I was responding on behalf of, not whacked out, murderous freaks. The people to whom you refer above should be deprived of their right to live, period, and that will take care of depriving them of their gun rights at the same time.  Alright I get the point! The trouble here is clarifying what type of criminal should be barred from possessing guns and what type shouldn't be. We've established the murders, those with genuine mental illnesses that render them dangerous to themselves and those around them.   What about the other classes though, we need to clarify on who can be exempted and who can't be trusted.  Of course not! Why? What on Earth would that accomplish, other than artificially inflate the prices of inanimate objects that the government has no business regulating to begin with? You want only rich people to have *unalienable* rights? Are you really serious about this?   Actually it's up to the manufacturers to determine the price they want to charge for their product. Bushmaster charges $1,200 for their AR-15, DPMS charges $700. Why's this? Because. If a manufacturer can legally produce machineguns for civilian sale again then it's only logical to assume that they'd charge more for them than they would a semi-automatic version.  Again, I ask you to please speak only for yourself. The Firearms Act of 1934 went well beyond what I am willing to "tolerate." If the Heller case is decided that the 2nd is an individual right, that act will effectively be repealed, as well as the vast majority of gun control laws currently on the books. Would that be an "unreasonable" outcome for you? Would it be "intolerable?"   I highly doubt that the Heller case will lead to the repeal of many of the gun control laws on the books. I won't believe this until I actually see it in action.  Right, as long as the government involves itself in the pricing of said weapons.  Wrong.  And just exactly how are criminals inhibited by blanket laws that encompass law-abiding citizens within their unconstitutional mandates? How does charging a law-abiding citizen a premium for a small arm inhibit criminals? How on Earth does it inhibit them any more than the honest citizen? Criminals won't pay that premium, they'll just wait for ol' Honest Joe Citizen to buy one and steal it from him! Will Honest Joe at least get a refund from Uncle Sam for the difference between the "criminal-inhibiting" premium and what the gun should've cost to begin with?   LOOK! I'm sorry if I'm not coming off as the perfect spokesman for the Second Amendment! I'm not the expert in this!  I guess I gotta get out more. The forums that I frequent the most are those that are mostly populated by staunch supporters of an originalist view of The Constitution in general, and the 2nd Amendment specifically. Dare I say, WE don't molly-coddle gun-grabbers in hopes that we can dumb down the 2nd Amendment far enough for us to be viewed as "reasonable." It either means what it says, or it means nothing. And if it means nothing, God help us, we don't have a snowball's chance in Hell of keeping any of the rest of it meaningful and enforceable.  Gun owners can't afford to project the image of being the type of religiously uphold the belief of "Anything short of a repealment of every last gun control law on the books is completely unacceptable!" If we come off as extremists we'll be ignored and get nowhwere.  The politician in me says that for gun owners to get the final say in the matter, they're gonna have to conform to what the majority of Americans define as "reasonable". That doesn't mean we should support gun control bills, but it means that it's bad public relations to try and push for everything we want all at once.  Do you honestly believe that gun owners would have any chance at all of getting a bill pushed through that would literally repeal every last single gun control law in the entire nation?
grider & seekerr,  We gun control advocates will sit this one out by being on the sidelines with smiles on our faces.  How about you two duel it out?  Do pistols at ten paces sound good to you?  Worked for Burr, Hamilton, and Old Hickory.  Why are you being such a vapid little troll? Have you never had a point of contention with someone who is generally on your side of a given issue? I am not on your side of anything I've seen from you so far, but still I tried to find something you said that I could agree with. But here, you don't agree or disagree, instead you just try to foment discord between two people trying to have a civil conversation.   Maybe we can agree on one thing here; I believe there should be strict troll-control on forums. How about you Troll?
Sorry, Jack, but I'm not fomenting anything.  I agree with Seeker, you're definitely a troll.  You and the grider are having quite a set-to; we're just sitting back, watching, and grinning.  You're the one who started it!  I hope you do enjoy the cannon that that old gun-grabber ghost rider is trying to snatch from your cold, dead hands.:)  I'm not the one advocating bans. I'm simply trying to sort through everything to arrive at the best possible conclusion, at this point in time. The long term battle will require somebody to compromise on points, we've got to accept that. Politics is full of compromises, and if you're not willing to make them then you get screwed.
Ghost Rider, first let me say that I apologize for the reference to you being similar to Sarah Brady. A bit of hyperbole never really hurt anyone, but it does tend to detract from the main message I was trying to get across to you. In my first post directed to you I responded only to what you said. I didn't take anything out of context or engage in trying to belittle you, just told you where I took issue with what you were saying. The crux of the issue for me is the "we" thing. I feel when you use that word so often and so matter-of-factly, that you are trying to speak for people, myself included, for whom you don't have the right. Really, it's not as much that you don't have the right as it is that you don't have the knowledge to make such unequivocal statements in a way that makes it appear that you're speaking for other folks. Maybe I'm being a bit nit-picky, but I can't help it, I do prefer to speak for myself and to make my own case for the issues that I'm passionate about. This is obviously one of those issues.  With that said, I'll try to answer your current post to the best of my ability, without getting carried away with hyperbole.  Why should we care? Because the public is nothing but sheep and they're easily influenced. Public opinion speaks very loudly. No matter how loud gun owners yell, if the larger percentage of the population that doesn't own a gun speaks louder, the politicians will listen to them.  Oh, no disagreement here at all. The difference though in how you're looking at the issue and how I am is that you're allowing politicians to control the outcome, whatever it might be, while I am demanding that courts reign in those same politicians and make them live by the law that they're sworn to uphold. I focused on Heller because I honestly believe it is our last, best hope to restore the 2nd Amendment to its unequivocal, unambiguous, unalienable glory. Maybe not the "last" hope, but certainly it will be a looooooong wait before another court is seated with a Chief Justice that has the cajones to take on an issue that the SCOTUS has been avoiding like the plague for our entire history as a nation. This case is monumentally historical, both in its potential to strengthen the 2nd Amendment or to make it totally meaningless to us as individuals. We've been waiting for 230 years for this! Now is not the time for compromise and/or equivocation, it's time for citizens to rise and demand that the court finally uphold the promise of The Constitution and of the birthright that hundreds of thousands revolutionary patriots fought to guarantee to every citizen. They fought to codify it in law that was meant to serve us in perpetuity in the greatest document ever written by man. Yeah, it's heady stuff. Hifalutin as all get-out, but this is where I'm coming from, and sheeple or no sheeple, politicians or no politicians, I refuse to sully the memory of these great men by buckling under to usurpers who I know in my heart of hearts are wrong, and whom I believe to my core do not have the preservation of individual freedom as their motivation.  Alright I get the point! The trouble here is clarifying what type of criminal should be barred from possessing guns and what type shouldn't be. We've established the murders, those with genuine mental illnesses that render them dangerous to themselves and those around them.   What about the other classes though, we need to clarify on who can be exempted and who can't be trusted.  I don't "need" to clarify my thoughts on this score in the context of this discussion. I do need to get across that I don't want anyone speaking or clarifying for me, and that's really my only bone of contention with you directly. I don't begrudge you your right to come to your own conclusions about this or any other issue, even if I vehemently disagree with you. I just am asking that you present your views that way; as your views, and leave me and the millions of gun-owners and 2A activists that you can't possibly know the accuracy of including them in whatever "we" you perceive to be talking about, out of it. Fair 'nuff?  Actually it's up to the manufacturers to determine the price they want to charge for their product. Bushmaster charges $1,200 for their AR-15, DPMS charges $700. Why's this? Because. If a manufacturer can legally produce machineguns for civilian sale again then it's only logical to assume that they'd charge more for them than they would a semi-automatic version.  Wait a minute GR, this is not at all how you brought up the idea of "charging more" for machine guns. Here's how that exchange went:  Seekerrr said: And a "more involved process" for buying a machine gun than for other guns? You're playing right into the Brady mindset. You claim you're against bans on "assault weapons," and even put the fear-mongering phrase in quotes to emphasize the ludicrousness of it (I presume), but want the government to decide if you're able to buy or own one legally?  And your reply to that, precisely as quoted, was:  Ghost Rider said in reply: Well what about a higher price for true machineguns than their semi-automatic cousins? People are willing to pay $1,000 for a new AR-15 (I know, I've seen 'em do it!) what about $2,500 for a new model M-16 made after 1986? Would that be more acceptable?  You're clearly asking me if I would find it more acceptable to impose some kind of extra charge in lieu of giving the government the power to pick and choose which small-arms weapons you're allowed to keep and bear. At least, I don't see how to read it any other way. Now, if you wish to retract that idea, that's fine with me, but the way you presented it included nothing about market forces which you are saying is what you were talking about now.  I highly doubt that the Heller case will lead to the repeal of many of the gun control laws on the books. I won't believe this until I actually see it in action.  If the court finds that the 2A is indeed an individual, unalienable right which shall not be infringed, then how do states that impose 7 or 14 day waiting periods get around that "shall not be infringed" part? The court will have a choice if it finds in our favor on the individual vs. collective right issue; either include everything that can be legally construed as infringement within the Heller ruling (which is what I predict they will do), or commit lower courts and themselves to years and years, probably decades, maybe even a century or so, of civil right suit after civil right suit challenging every single law that can be made to appear as an infringement of the right to keep and bear arms in even the most insignificant, inconsequential or tangential way.  This case is HUGE GR. As a gun-owner and/or strong 2nd Amendment advocate, its importance cannot be overstated, and I do believe it has the potential to render a slew of local, state and federal laws null and void. Or, in American legal parlance, unconstitutional.  Wrong.  I don't even remember what this was in response to, and I don't feel like going back to find out, so I'll cede the point, whatever it was. But hey, this wouldn't be the first time I was wrong......I was wrong once before......I thought I was wrong and I wasn't! ;)   LOOK! I'm sorry if I'm not coming off as the perfect spokesman for the Second Amendment! I'm not the expert in this!  Hey, no big problem really. But you kind of reinforce my main point here; if you're not an expert, refrain from lumping "us" all in your conclusions by asserting that "we" are unified in them. That's all I was trying to say.  Gun owners can't afford to project the image of being the type of religiously uphold the belief of "Anything short of a repealment of every last gun control law on the books is completely unacceptable!" If we come off as extremists we'll be ignored and get nowhwere.  Again, I am not lobbying Congress or my state or my city to repeal anything. I'm encouraging, in the strongest terms I know, the SCOTUS to uphold the supreme law of the land. The "strongest terms I know" are nothing more than repeating at every opportunity, my strong and deeply-held conviction that The Constitution means what it says, that The Federalist Papers do a great job of displaying what the Founding Fathers had in mind for every right delineated within the subsequent constitution, and that the simplest, and yet most courageous thing today's Supreme Court can do is rule according to the precepts unequivocally-stated in those documents and publications. I am not asking the court to be activist, I am asking them to do their duty to their oath, and take back the authority to decide and rule on what The Constitution means from a run amok Congress and Executive, and to rule on it as it is written and with full confidence in their knowledge that they know what the Framers intended it to mean.  In post-Constitution-ratification days, I would've been seen as the most liberal of Americans because I would've supported our hard-fought liberation from England. Today I am seen as a right-wing nutjob because, well, I still support our liberation from England, but I deign to support the preservation of the document that cemented the finalization of that separation to boot, and that's the rub. If I am labeled a "right-wing nutjob" by the likes of people who would demand of their Congress and President that The Constitution be changed, contorted and ruined by legislative fiat, I wear that label as a badge of honor. I want nothing repealed. I only want The Constitution upheld.  The politician in me says that for gun owners to get the final say in the matter, they're gonna have to conform to what the majority of Americans define as "reasonable". That doesn't mean we should support gun control bills, but it means that it's bad public relations to try and push for everything we want all at once.  Do you honestly believe that gun owners would have any chance at all of getting a bill pushed through that would literally repeal every last single gun control law in the entire nation?  Well, if there really is a politician in you, then my views are probably stepping pretty heavily on your toes. I hope you can see where I'm coming from now though. No, I don't think a bill can accomplish restoring what it took 13 years and hundreds of thousands of patriot-lives to create, but the right court ruling can. Of course, this same ruling has the potential to make my views obsolete too. For me there is no middle-ground. I find nothing "reasonable" about 9 unelected men and women in black robes "ruling" that the 2nd Amendment doesn't mean what every signatory to The Constitution knew it to mean. If that happens, this discussion will be completely moot because America, for all intents and purposes, will then be dead.  Seekerrr
Oh, no disagreement here at all. The difference though in how you're looking at the issue and how I am is that you're allowing politicians to control the outcome, whatever it might be, while I am demanding that courts reign in those same politicians and make them live by the law that they're sworn to uphold. I focused on Heller because I honestly believe it is our last, best hope to restore the 2nd Amendment to its unequivocal, unambiguous, unalienable glory. Maybe not the "last" hope, but certainly it will be a looooooong wait before another court is seated with a Chief Justice that has the cajones to take on an issue that the SCOTUS has been avoiding like the plague for our entire history as a nation. This case is monumentally historical, both in its potential to strengthen the 2nd Amendment or to make it totally meaningless to us as individuals. We've been waiting for 230 years for this! Now is not the time for compromise and/or equivocation, it's time for citizens to rise and demand that the court finally uphold the promise of The Constitution and of the birthright that hundreds of thousands revolutionary patriots fought to guarantee to every citizen. They fought to codify it in law that was meant to serve us in perpetuity in the greatest document ever written by man. Yeah, it's heady stuff. Hifalutin as all get-out, but this is where I'm coming from, and sheeple or no sheeple, politicians or no politicians, I refuse to sully the memory of these great men by buckling under to usurpers who I know in my heart of hearts are wrong, and whom I believe to my core do not have the preservation of individual freedom as their motivation.  Here's the problem with that Seeker. The Supreme Court currently has four judges that supposedly support the individual rights idea, four that don't, and one guy who can vote either way. There's no guarantee that the outcome will be in our favor, meaning that there's a need to keep all options open in case of another bad ruling coming to the light of day.  The Supreme Court has ruled in the past that blacks aren't citizens and not subject to the rights in the Bill of Rights, and they've ruled that women have a right to have an abortion. Many have disagreed with these rulings, we need to keep in mind that such a ruling very well could come down the pike.  I don't "need" to clarify my thoughts on this score in the context of this discussion. I do need to get across that I don't want anyone speaking or clarifying for me, and that's really my only bone of contention with you directly.   Alright I get the picture!  Wait a minute GR, this is not at all how you brought up the idea of "charging more" for machine guns. Here's how that exchange went:  I have difficulty expressing myself in the way I'd like to. I try to say one thing but it doesn't always come out right and comes off as something different. The last thing I want to do is let politicians have anymore say over the people who got them there.  If the court finds that the 2A is indeed an individual, unalienable right which shall not be infringed, then how do states that impose 7 or 14 day waiting periods get around that "shall not be infringed" part? The court will have a choice if it finds in our favor on the individual vs. collective right issue; either include everything that can be legally construed as infringement within the Heller ruling (which is what I predict they will do), or commit lower courts and themselves to years and years, probably decades, maybe even a century or so, of civil right suit after civil right suit challenging every single law that can be made to appear as an infringement of the right to keep and bear arms in even the most insignificant, inconsequential or tangential way.  This case is HUGE GR. As a gun-owner and/or strong 2nd Amendment advocate, its importance cannot be overstated, and I do believe it has the potential to render a slew of local, state and federal laws null and void. Or, in American legal parlance, unconstitutional.  I'm very aware of how big this case is, I know exactly what's riding on it. However my position is that I don't believe that simply ruling the Second Amendment to be an individual right is going to wipe out 74 years of bad legislation. For that to happen the SCJs would have to determine that not only is the right individual in nature, but also that "shall not be infringed" translates into "no law, restriction or regulation may ever be passed for any reason" and I just can't forsee that ever happening.  I don't even remember what this was in response to, and I don't feel like going back to find out, so I'll cede the point, whatever it was. But hey, this wouldn't be the first time I was wrong......I was wrong once before......I thought I was wrong and I wasn't! ;)  You'd accused me of wanting the government to set the price on new make and model machineguns.  Hey, no big problem really. But you kind of reinforce my main point here; if you're not an expert, refrain from lumping "us" all in your conclusions by asserting that "we" are unified in them. That's all I was trying to say.  Alright!  Again, I am not lobbying Congress or my state or my city to repeal anything. I'm encouraging, in the strongest terms I know, the SCOTUS to uphold the supreme law of the land. The "strongest terms I know" are nothing more than repeating at every opportunity, my strong and deeply-held conviction that The Constitution means what it says, that The Federalist Papers do a great job of displaying what the Founding Fathers had in mind for every right delineated within the subsequent constitution, and that the simplest, and yet most courageous thing today's Supreme Court can do is rule according to the precepts unequivocally-stated in those documents and publications. I am not asking the court to be activist, I am asking them to do their duty to their oath, and take back the authority to decide and rule on what The Constitution means from a run amok Congress and Executive, and to rule on it as it is written and with full confidence in their knowledge that they know what the Framers intended it to mean.  Good luck with that. In today's world that's gonna be damn difficult.  Well, if there really is a politician in you, then my views are probably stepping pretty heavily on your toes. I hope you can see where I'm coming from now though. No, I don't think a bill can accomplish restoring what it took 13 years and hundreds of thousands of patriot-lives to create, but the right court ruling can. Of course, this same ruling has the potential to make my views obsolete too. For me there is no middle-ground. I find nothing "reasonable" about 9 unelected men and women in black robes "ruling" that the 2nd Amendment doesn't mean what every signatory to The Constitution knew it to mean. If that happens, this discussion will be completely moot because America, for all intents and purposes, will then be dead.  The politician side of myself says that options are needed and that all bases and angles need to be addressed and covered. If the Heller case goes south, then we're gonna need to bring out the proverbial big guns. What we'd need in the event of a bad ruling is enough public outcry to make congress feel compelled (read scared s**tless) enough to pass a new amendment to the constitution, clarifying that the right of the people to keep and bear arms is not military in nature and is truly an indivudal right.
Here's the problem with that Seeker. The Supreme Court currently has four judges that supposedly support the individual rights idea, four that don't, and one guy who can vote either way. There's no guarantee that the outcome will be in our favor, meaning that there's a need to keep all options open in case of another bad ruling coming to the light of day.  The Supreme Court has ruled in the past that blacks aren't citizens and not subject to the rights in the Bill of Rights, and they've ruled that women have a right to have an abortion. Many have disagreed with these rulings, we need to keep in mind that such a ruling very well could come down the pike.  You haven't shown any problem with my rationale that I haven't already accounted for in some way or other. I have predicated all of my predictions with, "IF the ruling goes our way....." If it doesn't, then yeah, obviously none of my predictions or hopes, or fantasies if you prefer, will come true. I realize that, but I prefer to think in terms of the ruling going our way.   I would much prefer that Ginsberg or another one of the dried up ol' farts with more communist....er, I mean, more socialist.... uh, wait, more flaming liberal leanings would retire before HillBill or Obama worm their way into office, but on the other hand, I find it hard to believe that a majority of that august body will lack so much conscience as to totally ignore what the 2A says, or what is extremely easy to prove the authors of it meant it to protect. Constitutionally-speaking, even the Supreme Court does not have that authority, though admittedly, I don't have a clue how we might enforce that truism if they detour even further from original intent than they have already. As I said in my last closing line, if that be the outcome, I will consider our form of government dead. At the very least, it will have been overthrown from within, an ideological, judicial coup, the very reason the Founders put the 2nd in there in the first place, and there will be nothing we can do about it because just as soon as that ruling is made that way, they will be coming for our guns. Mark my words. After that ruling, even talking about it being an illegal one might constitute sedition, or some knucklehead like John McCain will assert it as such and pass another law like McCain/Feingold, and how on Earth we could have confidence that the 1st Amendment will be upheld shortly after the 2nd being completely obliterated is well beyond my ability to maintain even the slightest glimmer of hope for.  I'm very aware of how big this case is, I know exactly what's riding on it. However my position is that I don't believe that simply ruling the Second Amendment to be an individual right is going to wipe out 74 years of bad legislation.   And that's fine, you're welcome to that belief. We simply disagree. I don't see how such a ruling couldn't wipe out an awful lot of those laws though, being as Congress has had free reign to disregard the individual-right aspect of the 2nd by an absentee court on the issue. This is really the first time in our history that it is being constitutionally tested in a full and comprehensive way, and as such, we, or more importantly, the Congress and the courts haven't had guidance on the issue from past decisions.   My train of thought is pretty elementary; if the ruling goes our way, that means that the court took notice of a large dose of original intent. Once the threshold of original intent has been crossed, and it becomes the basis for ruling the right an individual one, how much of a leap is it to rule likewise that all of the laws that ignored the 2nd's status as a protected indivdual right by putting heavy restrictions on the free exercise of it would then be unconstitutional? Personally, I don't see how those laws could stand, but hey, maybe I'm mistaken and you're right. We may get the opportunity to find out, but we may not.  For that to happen the SCJs would have to determine that not only is the right individual in nature, but also that "shall not be infringed" translates into "no law, restriction or regulation may ever be passed for any reason" and I just can't forsee that ever happening.  Is that what you think I'm saying? I do believe that most subsequent laws passed after a successful Heller ruling will be challenged in court by one side or the other, and as such, some will stand and some will be deemed unconstitutional. I tend to think the major point of contention will be around defining the word "arms," but whatever, of course there will be subsequent laws. The difference being that they will have to be written within the parameters that the ruling dictates, something that has not been the case for our entire history, except of course, for the short period of time after ratification when all of the founders were still alive and still active in government and would decisively repel any attempted weakening of any part of their brainchild, The Constitution. But for at least 200 years, Congress has been left to interpret the 2nd Amendment as they wished, and 20,000+ laws on the books that have never been constitutionally tested is the consequence of SCOTUS' abdication of their responsibilities. Surely an affirmative ruling in Heller would have a significant effect on a lot of those laws, no? I just can't envision how it wouldn't, but again, you might be right.  You'd accused me of wanting the government to set the price on new make and model machineguns.  Umm....No, I believe I responded directly to something you said, which, in this post, you admit was not clearly-stated. (shrug)  Seekerrr said: Again, I am not lobbying Congress or my state or my city to repeal anything. I'm encouraging, in the strongest terms I know, the SCOTUS to uphold the supreme law of the land. The "strongest terms I know" are nothing more than repeating at every opportunity, my strong and deeply-held conviction that The Constitution means what it says, that The Federalist Papers do a great job of displaying what the Founding Fathers had in mind for every right delineated within the subsequent constitution, and that the simplest, and yet most courageous thing today's Supreme Court can do is rule according to the precepts unequivocally-stated in those documents and publications. I am not asking the court to be activist, I am asking them to do their duty to their oath, and take back the authority to decide and rule on what The Constitution means from a run amok Congress and Executive, and to rule on it as it is written and with full confidence in their knowledge that they know what the Framers intended it to mean.   Ghost Rider said in response: Good luck with that. In today's world that's gonna be damn difficult.  Huh? So you think it's next to impossible to get The Supreme Court of The United states of America to consider their duty under The Constitution? If it's that difficult, then maybe this country is already dead. Certainly getting 5 people to see things through a constitutional prism is easier than getting 535 politicians using their votes mostly for pandering to special interests to see it that way, isn't it? But wait, I guess the following answers my question:  The politician side of myself says that options are needed and that all bases and angles need to be addressed and covered. If the Heller case goes south, then we're gonna need to bring out the proverbial big guns. What we'd need in the event of a bad ruling is enough public outcry to make congress feel compelled (read scared s**tless) enough to pass a new amendment to the constitution, clarifying that the right of the people to keep and bear arms is not military in nature and is truly an indivudal right.  I've got news for ya my friend, if Heller is decided against the individual right, the 2nd Amendment is dead. There's no coming back from that decision because it means that not only the uninformed masses and a Congress that has already proven its disdain for constitutional limits on its power didn't care about the meaning of The Constitution, but the SCOTUS will have proven they have signed onto the same seditious, traiterous anti-American mindset. That would be the coup de gras to The Constitution. The Grand Finale to the American dream of an enduring representative republic. A dead 2nd Amendment is a dead Constitution is a dead America.   I can't believe that anyone could really think that today's Congress would go all conservative on the court and restore the 2nd Amendment after the court had basically repealed it. That would be the net result of a wrong decision in Heller, wouldn't you agree?   I am also incredulous as to how you consider it almost impossible to expect the court to follow its duty, but you think Congress will do their job for them if we just threaten not to vote for them and make a lot of noise. Unless you are referring to actual "big guns" rather than figurative ones, that's what I'm getting from your two previous quotes.  Seekerrr
And that's fine, you're welcome to that belief. We simply disagree. I don't see how such a ruling couldn't wipe out an awful lot of those laws though, being as Congress has had free reign to disregard the individual-right aspect of the 2nd by an absentee court on the issue. This is really the first time in our history that it is being constitutionally tested in a full and comprehensive way, and as such, we, or more importantly, the Congress and the courts haven't had guidance on the issue from past decisions.   Well I still fail to see how determining the Second Amendment is an individual right would do something like wipe out the National Firearms Act of 1934, which focused on the reclassifying of certain firearms and setting up minimum/maximum measurements.  How exactly do you forsee the decision that the right is individual, making all these other laws go away? The First Amendment is an indivudal right but you've still gotta file for a permit before you can form a public gathering.  Is that what you think I'm saying?  Yeah that's what I was interpreting as your saying.  Huh? So you think it's next to impossible to get The Supreme Court of The United states of America to consider their duty under The Constitution?  Well where the hell have they been during the reign of the Patriot Act? What about the guantanomo bay detainees? Where's the Supreme Court been on these issues? Why have they remained silent or even upheld these gross violations of our rights?  I am also incredulous as to how you consider it almost impossible to expect the court to follow its duty, but you think Congress will do their job for them if we just threaten not to vote for them and make a lot of noise. Unless you are referring to actual "big guns" rather than figurative ones, that's what I'm getting from your two previous quotes.  Again, why haven't they upheld their duty in the post-911 era that we live in?  We now live in a time where police and the government can obtain any records for any reason without first obtaining a search warrant from a judge. You can be detained without legal council, we've got warantless eavsdropping going on. And what are the Supreme Court justices doing about it? NOTHING!  If they won't do anything about these violations of the 4th Amendment, I have my doubts that they'll really feel all that much of an obligation to get a Second Amendment issue correct.
Actually, some parts of the patriot act were recently repealed on constitutional grounds. I say: "GREAT!"
Actually, some parts of the patriot act were recently repealed on constitutional grounds. I say: "GREAT!"  Care to supply the proof of this? Because last time I checked the Patriot Act was expanded and made permanent.
Well, obviously I was mistaken about the political leanings of the person I was talking to. I know how forums are supposed to work and I will respect the standard ettiquette by not going totally off-topic and responding to issues which have absolutely nothing to do with gun control or the tenor of this specific thread. I'm done here.  Seekerrr
We just spent countless posts poking numerous holes in BS' position of how the phrase "Congress shall make no laws" means "No law may ever be passed, for any reason, under any circumstances" and how no right is ever absolute or without some scope of magnitude, and explaining that if that were what the Founding Fathers meant then they would've ensured that no government was ever allowed to come into formation.  You actually have the nerve to be upset with me, when I say that I fail to see how the determination that the Second Amendment is an individual right, would actually eradicate 74 years of gun control laws, wiping the National Firearms Act of 1934, the Gun Control Act of 1968, the machinegun ban of 1986, and countless other legislation right off the books?  You have quite a bit of nerve, you know that? None of the other rights enjoy such wide reaching scope and magnitude, it's ludicrous to assume that such would be different here. For that to happen the Supreme Court would have to determine that the Second Amendment protects a right that's absolute in terms of scope and that no limitation can ever be passed on it, opening up the debate for whether or not a person can legally own modern nuclear warheads and WMDs.
I'm not upset with you at all GR. And I thought that it would be blatantly obvious that I wasn't referring to your take on Heller or gun-control in general when I tried to bow out gracefully from this conversation by saying I would respect forum etiquette by not responding to off-topic banter. I was referring to your off-topic rantings about the notion that Guantanamo prisoners are entitled to 4th Amendment protections. That's an absurd example of how *our* 4th Amendment rights have been....how did you put it....oh yeah, "grossly violated."   I don't have any particular problem with my government listening in on suspected terrorists calling into this country, even if they are talking to a US citizen. In fact, of all the problems I have with today's government, that is one of the very few things that they're doing that I believe is a major tenant of their job description; protect the country from violent enemies. If you're talking to suspected terrorists, I contend that law enforcement's duty is to monitor those kinds of communications, and that foreigners should have no expectation of privacy when calling into our country to plot against us. It's pretty basic stuff, and I don't think it takes a constitutional scholar to understand the prudence or legality of monitoring the communications of people whom we know want to kill us. I'm at a loss to understand a US citizen's mindset that would argue, on constitutional grounds(???), against that premise. So I refrained from getting into it with you here in this gun-control topic.  I'm no big fan of the Patriot Act, but it's completely off-topic to this discussion, so I refrained from commenting, pro or con, on your bringing it up. Big deal, get over it already.  So now you've whined loud enough to goad me into ignoring forum decorum and comment on your off-topic rant. Do you feel any better? I don't, and so I'll take my own advice to myself and say, again, I'm done here. I tried to be nice to you. I tried to just tell you my thoughts without minimizing or degrading the ones you expressed. I allowed for the possibility that you were right and I am wrong. Imagine the nerve of me for doing that! My conclusion? You're impossible to have a calm, on-topic conversation with, so have at it in this thread however you wish from this point on, but just do it without me.  AMF,  Seekerrr
Another misunderstanding then...  I was referring to your off-topic rantings about the notion that Guantanamo prisoners are entitled to 4th Amendment protections. That's an absurd example of how *our* 4th Amendment rights have been....how did you put it....oh yeah, "grossly violated."   I was under the belief that we had American citizens detained there as well.  I don't have any particular problem with my government listening in on suspected terrorists calling into this country, even if they are talking to a US citizen.  I do, because absolutely anything can turn you into a suspected terrorist. That's why we're fighting so hard to never let the bill that would allow the Attorney General to deny firearms ownership to suspected terrorist individuals.  There's no guidelines for what makes someone qualify as a suspected terrorist, there's no way of knowing when you get on the list, there's no way of getting off the list. You're branded a suspected terrorist for life and there's no oversight on it.  In fact, of all the problems I have with today's government, that is one of the very few things that they're doing that I believe is a major tenant of their job description; protect the country from violent enemies. If you're talking to suspected terrorists, I contend that law enforcement's duty is to monitor those kinds of communications, and that foreigners should have no expectation of privacy when calling into our country to plot against us. It's pretty basic stuff, and I don't think it takes a constitutional scholar to understand the prudence or legality of monitoring the communications of people whom we know want to kill us. I'm at a loss to understand a US citizen's mindset that would argue, on constitutional grounds(???), against that premise. So I refrained from getting into it with you here in this gun-control topic.  Just remember that "in the name of protecting the country from violent enemies" politicians want to pass a bill that will ban gun ownership to anybody whose name is in the suspected terrorist watchlist. And you don't get informed of why you were denied, so that's a constitutional violation.  The whole point of this off-angle tangent was to point out that the Supreme Court hasn't stepped in and done their duty to rule any other terrorist-era rights violation as unconstitutional, so they're obviously not doing their job. So I just find it unlikely that they'd feel some great compulsion to change their style of working with the Heller case.
Well that was a good start. Are you planning on insulting everyone who replies to your post?  Of course it would be more difficult for criminals to get hold of guns if there were fewer of them around. It would also make it more difficult for children to get hold of them, or feuding neighbours who, on the spur of the moment, think that waving a gun around might bring about a solution to their problems.  If you don't think you're going to like the answers to your question, then don't ask the question.  Smiley  Did the Prohibition stop drinking? Did the drug war stop smoking? What makes you think it is different with guns?
The insults are reserved only for those that make a stupid argument.
The only thing that should be banned is you. You pulled this #### at the other board and got owned, now you're gonna get owned again.  The FN-57 is incapable of penetrating any body armor, because the AMMUNITION is what does the actual penetrating! That the AP ammunition that'll actually penetrate body armor is regulated to military and police buyers exclusively; banned from civilian ownership!  All tests with the commerically available ammunition from the 57 have proven to be incapable of penetrating standard police body armor due to weak performance from the short barrel.  When are you gonna stop the lies Brady?
http://www.atf.gov/firearms/firearmstech/fabriquen.htm  "1/20/05   In response to numerous questions that ATF has received regarding the capabilities of the 5.7 X 28mm cartridge, the following technical information is provided.  FTB classified SS196 ammunition as not armor piercing.   The FN 5.7 (Fabrique Nationale) pistol is a semiautomatic pistol in 5.7 X 28 mm caliber.   The FN 5.7 (Fabrique Nationale) pistol is a semiautomatic pistol in 5.7 X 28 mm caliber approved for importation as a sporting firearm.   The classification of all ammunition is governed strictly by the definitions presented in the GCA. Specifically, as defined in 18 U.S.C. Section 921(a)(17)(B), the term "armor piercing ammunition" means-  a projectile or projectile core which may be used in a handgun and which is constructed entirely (excluding the presence of traces of other substances) from one or a combination of tungsten alloys, steel, iron, brass, bronze, beryllium copper, or depleted uranium; or  a full jacketed projectile larger than .22 caliber designed and intended for use in a handgun and whose jacket has a weight of more than 25 percent of the total weight of the projectile.   FTB has also examined a 5.7 X 28 mm projectile that FN Herstal has designated the "SS196." The SS196 is loaded with a Hornady 40 grain, jacketed lead bullet. FTB classified SS196 ammunition as not armor piercing ammunition under Federal firearms statutes.   According to FNH USA, FN Herstal tested the SS192 ammunition. SS192 ammunition did not penetrate the Level IIIA vests that were tested. FNH USA states that SS196, Hornady V-Max 40 gr. bullets fired from a 4-3/4 inch barrel did not penetrate the Level II vests that were used in testing.   FNH USA has informed FTB that SS192 is no longer imported for commercial sale to the United States and that commercial sales of 5.7 X 28mm ammunition are restricted to the SS196 (not armor piercing)."
Your mistaken. It was already tested with ammuniton available to everyone and shown to penetrate body armor.  "A brief controversy ensued in the United States in 2004 when it was claimed by the Brady Campaign that the civilian-legal SS192 cartridges are able to pierce Level IIA body armor when fired from the Five-seveN pistol. All civilian-legal game hunting cartridges, and even several pistol cartridges, are capable of such penetration. The ability of SS192 to pierce body armor as claimed by the Brady Campaign was not confirmed with facts or data by any authoritative agencies or sources. The ammunition was not restricted for civilian sales, since it is not legally recognized as armor piercing by the BATFE. Nonetheless, FN chose to withdraw the SS192 from the market and replace it with the SS196SR."  Owned again Brady. Once again proven to be wrong about everything, just like you were on the previous forums.
fn 57 ammo that is sold in America is not Armour piercing. further more they make Armour piercing ammo for many many hand guns so pretty much any handgun given military ammo will pierce a vest. also any deer rifle will pierce a vest so are they going to ban those too? no, the gun is just being singled out i don't know why but it is.   also fn has sued any one calling there gun a cop killer.
fn 57 ammo that is sold in America is not Armour piercing. further more they make Armour piercing ammo for many many hand guns so pretty much any handgun given military ammo will pierce a vest. also any deer rifle will pierce a vest so are they going to ban those too? no, the gun is just being singled out i don't know why but it is.  Wrong, the great majority of handgun bullets won't penetrate standard police body armor. Regular handgun ammunition possesses too low a velocity and too much a frontal surface area to properly bypass the kevlar weeve, especially when they're matched with the laminated ceramic trauma plates.  Now hunting rifles, or near any rifle for that matter, WILL penetrate body armor and even the trauma plating like it didn't even exist.  Of course Brady's false claim is based on the fake belief that the FN-57 gives AP capabilities to a pocket gun - absolutely false on every possible topic of discussion.  He also ignores something very common; body armor or not, being shot in the head will still kill you.
no no sorry i think i may have wrote it wrong i was saying that there are armor piercing rounds for almost every handgun but they are not sold in the U.S. and are military use only. they refer to theses bullets as black rhino/tallen bullets and were banned in 1994  i will also add the fn 57 is a expensive gun, most guns fund on the street are cheap guns.
I'm not exactly a supporter of gun culture, but I do know some stuff about the Five-seveN. Mostly because it's conceived around the same 5.7 ammo as the P-90 PDW.  Essentially, the smaller firearms, pistols and submachine guns, tend to use larger caliber, but shorter ammunition (9mm, .45, ...). These have good "stopping power", however, the lower propellant charge and blunt shape of the bullet make them less capable at penetrating personal armor. A rifle, any rifle, including hunting rifles, uses much smaller caliber (compare 5.56mm to 9mm), which is however much longer and has a much greater penetrating power.  Essentially, take it liek this: a 9mm is short but fat, 9mm diameter alond the whole cartridge. 5.56 has a thin, sharp, bullet, but a broader and longer body which also contains more propellant, so it shoots the bullet out with much more force compared. The sharper bullet shape also helps penetration.  With armor becoming more and more prevalent, FN Herstal desired to create a handgun/submachine gun cartridge that would be capable of penetrating armor. So they came up with the 5.7 cartridge, specifically designed to penetrate armor.   Essentially, a sharp bullet with a short but thick body.   However, the key to the armor penetration is the specific cartridge. The armor piercing property is bound to the specific ammo, not the gun itself. So, I'd say that if other handguns are on the market, the Five-seveN is just as guilty or innocent as they are. The armor piercing property is only granted by the specialized ammo.
no no sorry i think i may have wrote it wrong i was saying that there are armor piercing rounds for almost every handgun but they are not sold in the U.S. and are military use only. they refer to theses bullets as black rhino/tallen bullets and were banned in 1994  Wrong again, the Black Talons were hollowpoint bullets, but were of poor construction and failed to properly penetrate. Their sale and ownership wasn't banned either, Winchester just stopped selling them because too many know nothings were giving it bad publicity like "this bullet is designed to kill you better" or "being shot with this bullet is like having a thousand razort blades explode in your body".  Hollowpoints are a poor choice against body armor, mainly because they deform too easily.  Because of the Hague Convention, the vast majority of military ammunition is nothing but plain full metal jacket stuff, like what you can buy for target practice.
Well, the tumbling and fracturing of the military ammo make up for what you lose in hollow points.  I wish people would follow the intent of the convections, not the letters...
Well, the tumbling and fracturing of the military ammo make up for what you lose in hollow points.  That was before the military mucked with things and put too much stabilization on the bullet with a different twist rate for the rifles, making it very accurate but low on performance in a soft body. High stabilization means less tumble, less tumble of a such a small light round means small entrance wound, small exit wound, and poor performance against the enemy.
I hope one thing we can all agree on is this weapon should be banned.  sorry, it is not the gun that wounds the officers, it is the criminal. banning a $900 pistol will not have any effect in the criminal. Lets ban criminals! Lets support our local police.  darn right, get training, get a permit to carry, and help stop crime. I (and other legaly armed citizens) are what criminals fear. They protect us  off point, but no the police have NO RESPONSIBILTY to protect me and you, ther duty is to the society as a whole.   I wish people would follow the intent of the convections, not the letters... they are, the laws of land warfair ban the use of ammo that couses undue suffering. there no mention of hollow point, and any other type of bullets.
off point, but no the police have NO RESPONSIBILTY to protect me and you, ther duty is to the society as a whole.  Stated in the 1856 SUPREME COURT CASE "South v. Maryland", "...local law-enforcement had no duty to protect individuals, but only a general duty to enforce the laws".   Again, in the 1982 case "Bowers v. Devito", it was stated, "There is no constitutional right to be protected by the state against being murdered by criminals or madmen. It is monstrous if the state fails to protect its residents against such predators but it does not violate the due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment, or, we suppose, any other provision of the Constitution. The Constitution is a charter of negative liberties; it tells the state to let the people alone; it does not require the federal government or the state to provide services, even so elementary a service as maintaining law and order."   they are, the laws of land warfair ban the use of ammo that couses undue suffering. there no mention of hollow point, and any other type of bullets.  http://www.yale.edu/lawweb/avalon/lawofwar/dec99-03.htm  The Contracting Parties agree to abstain from the use of bullets which expand or flatten easily in the human body, such as bullets with a hard envelope which does not entirely cover the core, or is pierced with incisions.
http://www.theboxotruth.com/newforums/showthread.php?t=1477  Here we have examples of body armor being defeated by bows and arrows. You heard right, bows and arrows, penetrating body armor that was designed to stop gunfire.  Also note how the vest failed to stop knife penetration.
I own an FN five seven. I also own a PS90, the civilian version of the P90, which uses the same round.  The civilian version of these rounds are not armour piercing. You can reload them to pierce armor, but you can do that with about any round. In fact, you can take a 7.62x25, load it with a sabboted .223 bullet, and you have a highly effective armor piercing round coming out of the end of an $80 surplus CZ-52.   Brady, why in the world would you post that ghost rider is wrong and then a bunch of obviously incorrect information immediatly after he posts quotes directly from the ATF stating that it is NOT armor piercing?  What DOES make the five seven more dangerous than regular pistols is that it is incredibly accurate right out of the box. Without any modifcation whatsoever I can make 100yd shots with my five seven that typically require a highly customized (and expensive) target grade pistol. That five seven is every bit as accurate any $5,000 heavily customized pistol I have ever owned.  This is just more hype from the anti gun crowd. As usual they don't have their facts straight and are taking positions based on ignorance and idiocy rather than reason and logic.
Brady, why in the world would you post that ghost rider is wrong and then a bunch of obviously incorrect information immediatly after he posts quotes directly from the ATF stating that it is NOT armor piercing?  Because he knows he can NEVER win the argument if he uses real world logic, so he has to resort to lies and deceit to try and scare people into submission, just like all anti-gunners do!   What DOES make the five seven more dangerous than regular pistols is that it is incredibly accurate right out of the box. Without any modifcation whatsoever I can make 100yd shots with my five seven that typically require a highly customized (and expensive) target grade pistol. That five seven is every bit as accurate any $5,000 heavily customized pistol I have ever owned.  Only problem with that is that very few people have the skills and eyesight to actually SEE a target at 100 yards when using simple iron sights. Most people need a scope to accurately hit something that far away with a short barreled handgun.
Only problem with that is that very few people have the skills and eyesight to actually SEE a target at 100 yards when using simple iron sights. Most people need a scope to accurately hit something that far away with a short barreled handgun.  Actually, most people cannot even do it with a scope. It is too difficult to hold a pistol steady to make that kind of shot easily. You are talking thousands of hours of practice and tens of thousands of rounds expended.   BUT....that is not the point here. When this same dumb argument about the five seven pops up, I always think it is interesting to see if I can get the gun grabbers to argue that we should outlaw accurate pistols. So far I have about an 80% success rate :) of course you ruined the game here.   For all those out there that are gun folks and have not had a chance to mess with one yet, the five seven IS worth the money. I am not kidding when I say it is every bit as accurate as a very high end custom jobber. IF you have the skill to use it well, it is about like having a rifle in your pocket.
For all those out there that are gun folks and have not had a chance to mess with one yet, the five seven IS worth the money. I am not kidding when I say it is every bit as accurate as a very high end custom jobber.  I don't think it is. When I buy a handgun I want the bullet diameter to be AT LEAST nine millimeters across. Handguns are a compromise between power and easy portability, so you might as well be able to create the biggest wound channel you can.  I don't think $900 is worth it either. I bought an AR-15 for $750 and I was fine with that, but a handgun for $900 or more? No thanks!  IF you have the skill to use it well, it is about like having a rifle in your pocket.  Oh yeah nice one there! Saying something like that is gonna give Brady the idea that he's actually right about what he's saying and then it's gonna be even harder to make him shut the hell up!
I don't think it is. When I buy a handgun I want the bullet diameter to be AT LEAST nine millimeters across. Handguns are a compromise between power and easy portability, so you might as well be able to create the biggest wound channel you can.  I don't think $900 is worth it either. I bought an AR-15 for $750 and I was fine with that, but a handgun for $900 or more? No thanks!  You can get them for $700 if that helps.   The FNs loosing point is its take down power, BUT, being able to hit what you aim at trumps take down every time. Most pistols are worthless outside of about 50 yards. The five seven is not.  Oh yeah nice one there! Saying something like that is gonna give Brady the idea that he's actually right about what he's saying and then it's gonna be even harder to make him shut the hell up!  From a power standpoint he is certainly not, and the "armor piercing" argument is just dumb. From an accuracy standpoint, the five seven is on par with a rifle.
There is no such thing as a semi-automatic assault weapon. Read the above posts to educate yourself on what is and what is not armor piercing. Why not a 20 round clip?
I own an FN five seven. I also own a PS90, the civilian version of the P90, which uses the same round.  emoticon_wow   Say, if I ever got around to your parts (in a couplem of years), could I come over and just fire a couple of shots from those? I promise I'd behave :)
Why was it able to pierce armor when people from the Brady Center fired it?And why 20 rounds? According to the AWB that makes it an assault weapon.  My guess would be "rigged test" since the ATF has already categorically stated that those are NOT AP rounds. ANY round will pierce a vest under the right circumstances.  As far as the silly claim that it is an assault weapon, you seem to be missing a few things.  First, the trash legslation that was the AWB is dead. It is dead because it was nonsensical and nobody could show that it actually did any good at all. With the exception of a few hard core gun haters, even the democrats did not support its renewal because it was just expensive to support legislative trash.   Second, the fact that it has a 20 rd magazine would not have made it an assault weapon under the AWB anyway. The magazine size restrictions were seperate legislative trash in the same bill. Having a magazine that holds more than 10 rounds did not automatically make a weapon an assualt weapon.
emoticon_wow   Say, if I ever got around to your parts (in a couplem of years), could I come over and just fire a couple of shots from those? I promise I'd behave :)  Sure. If you want to shoot a LOT, though, you have to buy your own ammo. The ammo for those is kind of expensive and with the 50 rd mag on the PS90, it is easy to blow through a lot of it.
Why was it able to pierce armor when people from the Brady Center fired it?And why 20 rounds? According to the AWB that makes it an assault weapon.  Quite simple really. The tests never took place, they were just a story to make you think it occurred. They have no documentation (proofed because you never supplied actual documentation in the form or pictures or videos) so obviously there was never any tests that were done, therefore it's nothing more than a story, an urban legend of sorts.
Sure. If you want to shoot a LOT, though, you have to buy your own ammo. The ammo for those is kind of expensive and with the 50 rd mag on the PS90, it is easy to blow through a lot of it.  Goes without saying, of course. I have been allowed to fire a firearm before under controlled circumstances, and I know that ammo gets to cost a lot really fast. Mind you, it's well worth the money to lose some illusions about firearms. Like how easy it is to actually hit something with a pistol :)  Of course, it'd all only become a real possibility if I decided to travel to the USA again, which is a bit costly and not planned at the current time. But you are kind to show understanding.
I want Brady to answer: Why does a 20 round magazene matter?
I'm one of those local cops "people don't care about'emoticon_love , and I'm no more concerned about the 5.7 than I am about a deer rifle or anything else. Even a .22 rimfire magnum can penetrate the lighter duty vests.  The FN 5.7 and it's ammo is too high priced to be in the hands of the average street criminal, except in extreme situations. Sure, they can be stolen, but so can a varmit rifle that'll penetrate my vest even easier.  I now have a level IIIA. It still won't stop any center fire rifle round. A majority of traditional handguns, yes. Handguns like the Thompson Center fire rifle calibers with just a barrel change.  No one will ever tell anyone what type of energy remains after a 5.7 has penetrated a vest. I don't really think it's terribly lethal after going through that kevlar. It'll penetrate, but how far?  I'm not convinced its all the "cop killer" the liberals and the Brady bunch would have us believe.
Quite simple really. The tests never took place, they were just a story to make you think it occurred. i have seen video of a test of the 5.7, cant find it anymore, and dont know if it is teh same one that brady is refering to. the vest was hung on plywood, so teh pistol pernatrated it every round. tehy ignored standard protacal for testing a vest, and set up a situation that tehy knew would show what they wanted.
i have seen video of a test of the 5.7, cant find it anymore, and dont know if it is teh same one that brady is refering to. the vest was hung on plywood, so teh pistol pernatrated it every round. tehy ignored standard protacal for testing a vest, and set up a situation that tehy knew would show what they wanted.  And I saw a video by Oleg Volk how he was teaching people how to shoot, he had one woman firing a revolver with .22 blanks, and the scene changed to show her hitting a hanging steel plate target and making it swing. It's all trick photography, it's to make people think something is happening when it really isn't.
teh rounds may well have been penatraiting the vest, when put aganst a hard surfice the soft vests fail. they require some give to work, that is why proper tests use caly as a backing material. no trick photoghrey needed, just a misunderstanding of how the armor works.
Regardless of what might've been done or what took place the evidence is simple: there's no video to be found, meaning it doesn't exist. That means there's no proof of armor penetrating capabilities, and further means that no test was ever carried out. This means that once again the Brady Bunch is lying and fear mongering and proving that they're nothing more than an organization of domestic terrorists!
Ghost rider, shut up. You may speak when you have something intelegent to say.
senate.gov/~levin/newsroom/release.cfm?id=232639  I hope one thing we can all agree on is this weapon should be banned. Lets support our local police. They protect us and we can protect them by banning this weapon.  It seems to me that this same specious argument could be used by the Brady gun grabbers to ban ANY handgun, because it is theoretically possible to shoot a policeman in the head with a lowly .22 rim-fire, and cause a fatality.  The Bradys will say that it is unlikely for that to happen, but it is even more unlikely for a policeman to encounter a deranged criminal armed with a 5.7mm pistol loaded with armor piercing ammunition.  Any law-abiding citizen, who has reached the age of majority, should be able to possess any firearm suitable for the modern civilian militia. It is the only bulwark we have against usurpation by an oppressive government.
Ghost rider, shut up. You may speak when you have something intelegent to say.  What I have to say IS intelligent. Since no evidence or proof of a test exists, that means the test was never carried out.
 there's no video to be found, meaning it doesn't exist. so if there is no video of me on the web to be found, do i exist?
so if there is no video of me on the web to be found, do i exist?  That's be a neat trick, wouldn't it? Somebody not existing but they still manage to post.  Sort of reminds you of those stories of Tupac, how he's been dead for 12 years but manages to keep making new songs from beyond the grave.
Why was it able to pierce armor when people from the Brady Center fired it?And why 20 rounds? According to the AWB that makes it an assault weapon.  The language of the AWB is erroneous in many of the assumptions it makes as to the definition of an assault weapon. Magazine capacity is one of these errors. Just to answer your question.
Interesting facts about the FN-57 and the 5.7x28mm.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4dSixwE-so
shoot. even the 7.62 x 39 from an ak-47 can peirce most body armor.
senate.gov/~levin/newsroom/release.cfm?id=232639  I hope one thing we can all agree on is this weapon should be banned. Lets support our local police. They protect us and we can protect them by banning this weapon.  Have you ever shot the weapon? Have you ever seen one besides online? It's not a "cop killer". Do you take to propaganda that easily...? Where is your mind at? It certainly isn't conscious of how the world is?   First of all the only thing dangerous to cops about this pistol is the armor piercing SS190 duty round. It has been banned a long time ago. This weapon system as been out a long time but civilians have only been buying it for about years now. They designed a hollow point round (SS195), and a polymer tipped sporting round (SS197). SS190 Duty round is restricted to government and law enforcement only.   The bullet is what could possibly be threatening but not the gun. Get your facts straight please so that you are better equipped for this type of battle because the gun owners are intellectually superior when it comes to this argument. YOU CAN'T CONTROL PEOPLE, YOU CAN'T TAKE THINGS FROM THEM ESPECIALLY THEIR RIGHTS!!! YOU WILL ONLY CREATE BLACK MARKETS FROM THIS!
If guns are banned, people will die. No question about that. The question is how many.  My kung fu grandmaster gave a very good short speech today about gun control. He is an ex-cop, and he used to train the police officers in our town. He is very wise and offers an interesting insight into gun control. He told us a story today, about a police officer that was off duty and in plain clothes who was approached by a man with a large knife. The officer told the man to back down, however the man kept coming at him. The officer was forced to pull out his gun and kill him. If this was a civilian, he/she would be dead.  I gained a useful insight into what it feels like to be assulted during today's class. I was pinned down and being choked by a man 200lbs and over 1 foot larger than me. After awhile, I realized that there was almost no hope of getting out (this was training, of course. Not real.) If you are confronted with a situation like this, and are not carrying a gun or other weapon, most likely you will be injured or killed by the attacker. Even with martial arts training, our grandmaster acknowleges that in some situations, you have to just do what you can, and hope you get out alive, especially if you are a small person.  Violent crime will continue to happen no matter what, however whether it rises or falls is up to the voters and the politicians. If you think violent crime will never happen to you, put yourself in the place of the people that it has happened to, especially the dead ones. Then think twice about voting for gun control.
It's easy to come up with scenarios where you think a gun is the only escape,  That's because so many scenarios exist where those without a gun die for that fact. These situations occur every damn day in the real world, they're not the stuff of Hollywood movies.  but then there are plenty of alternatives where guns take lives unnecessarily,  So?  be they because children get hold of them, or nutcases, or someone who's just had a bad day.  If you're arguing that nutcases have guns, then that's a poor argument for the stance of "You don't need a gun, what're you afraid of?"  The advantage of being confronted by a knife wielding maniac (as opposed to a gun wielding maniac) is that he/she has to come within arm's reach.  The disadvantage is that to dealing with a knife wielding maniac without a gun forces you to get within stabbing range.
Guns do make killing a relatively impersonal matter, don't they?emoticon_xhoho  So what? Whether killing is a personal or impersonal matter, the bottom line is that somebody IS going to be killed and that's all there is to it. I highly doubt somebody's BEING killed is of less importance than HOW they were killed.
And if guns are banned, the only people who will have them will be the Government and criminals. How is that a good thing when the whole reason for the Constitution allowing them was for individual self defense and to stand against Government Tyranny? Banning individual ownership of guns defeats the whole purpose and the principles upon which this Country was founded.
I have only one thing to say to you Ghosty.  Bang, you're dead!  And if I die, I die, there's nothing I can do to change that. Hell I might get killed driving to the store because somebody driving a semi lost control of his rig and ran by car over.  That's how long it takes. In fact, in the time it takes me to type this sentence, I've killed 15 other people with my god given righfully owned gun.  In that time I dare say I might have managed to kill 3 or 4 people with a knife.  That's what makes the big difference.  That's not really a fair comparison. For all we know your literacy skills aren't all that great and you could've spent an hour hammering out this entire post to make sure that it looked halfway decent. A lot of things can happen inside of an hour.  Also in the time it took you to kill all those people, somebody would be alerted and probably kill you in response.
Uhhh smiley, it isn't as if banning guns hasn't been tried in England and is failing miserably. http://www.fff.org/comment/com0512f.asp In response, allow me to quote at length from &#8220;Gun Control in England: The Tarnished Gold Standard,&#8221; written by historian Joyce Lee Malcolm and published in the fall 2004 issue of Journal on Firearms & Public Policy:  [Between 1997 and 2003] crimes with [banned firearms] have more than doubled.... In 2002, for the fourth consecutive year, gun crime in England and Wales rose &#8212; by 35 percent for all firearms, and by a whopping 46 percent for the banned handguns. Nearly 10,000 firearms offenses were committed.... Clearly since the ban criminals have not found it difficult to get guns and the balance has not shifted in the interest of public safety....  In the four years from 1997 to 2001 the rate of violent crime more than doubled. The UK murder rate for 2002 was the highest for a century....  A recent study of all the countries of western Europe has found that in 2001 Britain had the worst record for killings, violence and burglary, and its citizens had one of the highest risks in the industrialized world of becoming victims of crime....  And here&#8217;s the icing on the cake: &#8220;[A] United Nations study of eighteen industrialized countries, including the United States, published in 2002 ... found England and Wales at the top of the Western world&#8217;s crime league, with the worst record for &#8216;very serious&#8217; offenses.&#8221; [Emphasis added]  And all this while crime in the United States, including violent crime, has been steadily falling. The &#8220;Wild West&#8221; seems to be 3,000 miles to our east.  &#8220;Nevertheless,&#8221; observed Derek Phillips, legislative advisor for the UK&#8217;s Office of Legislative Affairs, &#8220;&#8216;tough&#8217; legislative regulation, so evidently ineffective in achieving the purpose claimed for it, continues as a policy.&#8221; The UK&#8217;s ban on private firearms ownership has left the people there completely defenseless in the wake of rising crime. A young American turned British bobby has shown the courage to suggest that more guns might be the answer, but rather than take an honest and rational look at the evidence, the British would rather hide behind an irrational hatred for firearms and an even more irrational contempt for American sensibility on this issue. Guns in the hands of police officers &#8212; and private citizens &#8212; make everyone safer. Cowering from the criminal element and denouncing &#8220;gun drunk&#8221; Americans won&#8217;t change that simple fact.
Also, you can run from somone with a knife, but turn your back on a gunman and you may not get 2 paces.  What if you're in a wheelchair and can't run away?  And yes, it is fair comparison (my typing is reasonable), and do you really think that it would take an hour to knife 2-3 people, or to gun down 15?  Yeah it could take you an hour to pull off something like that. I for one don't think you have the skills necessary to shoot accurately enough to hit 15 people, especially if they're moving.  Nice try at derailing the argument but it didn't work. The comparison was between the number of people who can be picked off by a gunman and those stabbed by a knifeman in similar lengths of time.  Trouble with the comparisonn is that it's highly flawed. The minute that shots begin to ring out people are going to start running and moving and make it hard to get off a clear shot and hit a target. With a knife nobody hears anything until it's too late.  As for somone killing me, I dare say I could get 3 or 4 before anyone was able to react. Or I could just go into a school or some other place where guns aren't regularly carried. Then I could plough my way through a whole host of people before anyone got to me. And remember, running away isn't a great defense against a gun.  And I dare say that I'd like to see you even try.  Scenario: Man runs into street and starts stabbing people, after the second one has gone down people realise what's going on and either run away from him (to escape - remember out of reach is out of danger) or towards him (to grab him - chances are he will only manage to stab one of them before he is incapacitated).  Some people are physically unable to run at all. They'll die soonest.  Alternatively: Man runs into street with gun. Bang, bang, bang, that's 3 gone already. People start running. Bang, bang, there go 2 more. Assuming someone in the area has a gun and kills him at this point, problem solved (but 5 dead already). If not, those running towards him are probably dead meat. Those running away will be next.  You're assuming that every shot will hit a person rather than missing entirely. You're also assuming that each shot will provide an instant kill, when in many cases they don't.  Have you spotted the the difference yet?  I spotted the difference a long time ago. Unlike yourself my arguments tend to use more in the way of logic than you do. What you use is baseless anti-gun rhetoric designed purely to scare people.
I loved the wheelchair scenario.  You don't think it's possible?  What if the person in the wheelchair is 20 feet away (out of arm's reach)? Do they then have a better chance if the maniac has a knife or a gun?  Neither. That 20 foot distance can be crossed in a matter of just a few seconds. If the maniac wants to kill the person in the wheelchair and the only defense they have is to try and flee then they're gonna die.  Maybe you're right about my gun skills,  It's a very safe bet that I'm right.  or maybe I would just pick a crowded marketplace where no aiming is necessary.  A lot of good a crowded marketplace will do you if you suffer a doublefeed jam and don't know how to properly clear it and return the gun to a state of functioning.  Either way the gun is a far easier way of killing large numbers of people in a far more indiscriminant way than a knife.  And either way death is death and it's as simple as that. It's not like people are going to be less upset finding out that their loved ones were stabbed to death than they'd be if they were shot to death.  No, the comparison is not flawed. You say that the knife is quiet, so nobody hears anything before it's too late. You think when they hear the gun shot there's still time to get out of the way? You are also still ignoring the range of an attack with a gun.  You're still ignoring the facts of the real world. If you can't aim properly then you can't hit your target. If you can't hit your target then the effective range is useless.  At close range (5-10 feet), I dare say I could hit my target.  You'd think so at least.  Do you think you could get further than that before the bullet hit home? I'd be far more willing to take my chances against a maniac with a knife.  In the North Hollywood Shootout of 1997, a wounded police officer shot by AK-47 rounds was able to make it to cover 90 yards away and wait for help.  As for me trying to scare people, all you have to do is look at how many people die from gun related incidents in the US to be scared. If you aren't scared by that then I don't think there's any hope for you.  Well then I guess there's no hope for me, because I'm not scared by the number of deaths.  Why am I not scared? Because I know the facts involved.
As for me trying to scare people, all you have to do is look at how many people die from gun related incidents in the US to be scared. If you aren't scared by that then I don't think there's any hope for you.  It is precisely those numbers that motivates me to support the right for law abiding Americans to own weapons for self defense smiley. If you disarm honest people, the only armed people left will be the Government and criminals. How is that a good thing when the whole reason for the Constitution allowing them was for individual self defense and to stand against Government Tyranny? Banning individual ownership of guns defeats the whole purpose and the principles upon which this Country was founded.
Now tell us, based on your faith and understanding of your Lord and Savior, would He pack heat?emoticon_xkill  In a manner of speaking, yes. God wiped out Soddom and Gamorah in the course of one night. He killed every firstborn in Egypt overnight and all of Pharoh's soldiers when they pursued Moses and the Jews in like five minutes.  He doesn't really need to be packing, but at the same time he always is.
My point of view is that I've got a right and a responsibility to protect myself and my family. If a gang of thugs try to perpetrate a home invasion, whether or not they've got guns or not, I'm at a serious disadvantage. Also, only law abiding citizens obey the law. Ban guns and criminals can still find a way to get them. I mean, how long have DRUGS been illegal? Yet, plenty of criminals get their hands on them.  Either way, we need to be able to protect our homes from invasion. Four or 5 guys busting into a house in the middle of the night will require more than a bat to deal with. I don't plan on ever letting my family be hurt in any way by miscreants. Period.
The bible is very clear in its warning that "those who live by the sword (a weapon) will die by the sword". By that it teaches that the criminal who lives by violence will die by violence, and we see that result every day in the lives of violent offenders who are killed.  And remember when Peter cut the ear off of the Centurion who came to arrest Jesus? Jesus rebuked him because Jesus knew He had to die for Humanity; so He healed the guards ear, but He never told Peter to lay down his sword. Neither the bible nor Jesus ever promoted pacifism at all. In fact, he told this to his disciples. Luke 22:36: "Then He said to them, But now, he that has a purse, let him take it, and likewise his scrip: and he that has no sword, let him sell his garment, and buy one." So Jesus believed in self defense, but not offensive violence. Here's a link that explains the scriptural perspective very well.  http://rds.yahoo.com/_ylt=A0geu_Uhj_lHxmkA8z1XNyoA;_ylu=X3oDMTByMTNuNTZzBHNlYwNzcgRwb3MDMgRjb2xvA2FjMgR2dGlkAw--/SIG=12mh5et8u/EXP=1207623841/**http%3a//fp.users.fast.net/InfoQuest/God%2520on%2520Self-Defense.txt
archie,  It is precisely those numbers that motivates me to support the right for law abiding Americans to own weapons for self defense smiley.  You have repeatedly proclaimed your Christian faith all over these fora.  Now tell us, based on your faith and understanding of your Lord and Savior, would He pack heat?emoticon_xkill   Not that we expect it, but a simple yes or no will suffice.  He certainly wasn't reticent about those who used slings against Giants.  Indeed, David v Goliath is a perfect example of the leveling ability of firearms in a struggle.
That's all well and good, but that doesn't say that we shouldn't protect ourselves against harm.  Not a word in those verses is against active deterrent.
It doesn't matter to me if the bible says to Kill everyone (as God seems so inclined to do every so often) or kill no one even to save your own butt. It's MY responsibility to take care of my own and I will meet any threat with as much force as necessary to maintain my family's safety. Period.
I was particularly interested in the assertion that neither Jesus nor the bible ever promoted pacifism. Now let's see:  Matthew 5:38-42 38"You have heard that it was said, 'Eye for eye, and tooth for tooth.'[g] 39But I tell you, Do not resist an evil person. If someone strikes you on the right cheek, turn to him the other also. 40And if someone wants to sue you and take your tunic, let him have your cloak as well. 41If someone forces you to go one mile, go with him two miles. 42Give to the one who asks you, and do not turn away from the one who wants to borrow from you.  Luke 6:27-36 27"But I tell you who hear me: Love your enemies, do good to those who hate you, 28bless those who curse you, pray for those who mistreat you. 29If someone strikes you on one cheek, turn to him the other also. If someone takes your cloak, do not stop him from taking your tunic. 30Give to everyone who asks you, and if anyone takes what belongs to you, do not demand it back. 31Do to others as you would have them do to you.  32"If you love those who love you, what credit is that to you? Even 'sinners' love those who love them. 33And if you do good to those who are good to you, what credit is that to you? Even 'sinners' do that. 34And if you lend to those from whom you expect repayment, what credit is that to you? Even 'sinners' lend to 'sinners,' expecting to be repaid in full. 35But love your enemies, do good to them, and lend to them without expecting to get anything back. Then your reward will be great, and you will be sons of the Most High, because he is kind to the ungrateful and wicked. 36Be merciful, just as your Father is merciful.   I would have thought this was a pretty well known quote, so I'm surprise you haven't come across it. I believe they call it the Sermon on the Mount. Perhaps you should pay more attention to your lord and saviour's teachings rather than misinterpretting your own cherrypicked sections.  Smiley  I am well aware of these passages smiley. But unfortunately for your point, they aren't referring to self defense at all. But are dealing with loving ones enemies and praying for those who hate you and reject God. For further analysis, here's a decent link that deals with both passages.  http://www.religion.emory.edu/faculty/robbins/SRI/Examples/texts/matthew/matt3.html
Let's face it Archie, you stated categorically that neither the bible nor Jesus ever promoted pacifism. If you truly believe that then there is quite simply no hope for you whatsoever. The whole point of Jesus' teachings was to do with forgiveness and, yes, pacifism. Those were the central tenets. The fact that you twist every scripture you quote to fit you blasphemous philosophy shows that you have no idea of what christian philosophy really is.  With every assertion you make you become more and more ludicrous. It is quite obvious that you are no more a christian than I am.  In fact, I feel insulted on behalf of all true christians that you could call yourself such.  Smiley  All you have proven here smiley, is that you don't even know what the word pacifism means. Here, for your information is what it means, and no way can you find scriptural support that the bible teaches it at all.   pacifism|&#712;pas&#601;&#716;fiz&#601;m| noun the belief that any violence, including war, is unjustifiable under any circumstances, and that all disputes should be settled by peaceful means. &#8226; the refusal to participate in war or military service because of such a belief. DERIVATIVES pacifist noun & adjective pacifistic |&#716;pas&#601;&#712;fistik| adjective ORIGIN early 20th cent.: from French pacifisme, from pacifier &#8216;pacify.&#8217;  Note the bolded: Under any circumstances. So if Jesus was a pacifist, why did He order the disciples to purchase swords in Luke 22:36? Can you answer that? Why would they need swords if they were not supposed to use them under any circumstances? And if God is a pacifist then how do you explain all the times He ordered the OT Jews to defend themselves and to destroy their enemies? How do you explain that smiley?   So here's the bottom line smiley, you may want to project your anger onto me and claim that my understanding of christianity is flawed, but the fact is that you have no idea at all what Jesus, or true christianity represents at all.   And the proof of that is that I have supported my beliefs with extensive documentation above while all you have done is yell at me and insult me with no scriptural evidence "in proper context" to support your claims AT ALL. And since we're talking about Jesus and the bibles perspective on pacifism, actual scriptural evidence is required to prove your point.
I agree that it is perfectly valid to protect oneself, but should that really go as far as killing?  Sometimes killing is the only thing that'll stop the attacker from continuing their assault against you. I know this first hand and that's one of the cold hard realities of life. Sometimes anything short of death just doesn't work and you've got to accept that fact.  Maybe you'll be fortunate enough to never encounter such a situation in your lifetime, if so you're lucky. But if not then you'll come upon a situation where you have to make a very hard decision: only one person gets to live and walk away, and it's either going to be you or your attacker.  The point of my latest post was merely to point out to Archie that to say that neither the bible nor Jesus ever promoted pacifism is like saying that Mahatma Gandhi was into full contact karate.  Pacifism means the use of no force, ever. That means no use of force against somebody trying to kill you. So in a way the Bible really doesn't promote pacifism. There's a difference between turning the other cheek, and remaining in place as somebody murders you for no reason.
  I agree that it is perfectly valid to protect oneself, but should that really go as far as killing?  I have been told by more than one cop, be it a friend, or at the shooting range, that if my home is ever invaded or if I'm ever attacked and the option to kill or wound the aggressor exists; to always kill without hesitation. To wound a criminal is to invite a lifetime of lawsuits and medical expenses for a lowlife who would have killed me if the situation was reversed. Beside, if they will break into a strangers home in the middle of the night then they are presumed to be very bold and very dangerous.   That's also why I have an alarm system though, so it will never come to a confrontation as the horn will scare them off. But if it didn't and they proceeded to confront me, I wouldn't bother trying to reason with them over the noise of the alarm. Here's what the police say about shooting to kill.  http://rds.yahoo.com/_ylt=A0geu.zLVPpHUXMAWmFXNyoA;_ylu=X3oDMTByMTNuNTZzBHNlYwNzcgRwb3MDMgRjb2xvA2FjMgR2dGlkAw--/SIG=12t6k1a1f/EXP=1207674443/**http%3a//www.policeone.com/writers/columnists/ForceScience/articles/127238/
Recently passed in Georgia was a bill that allows persons with concealed carry permits to carry their weapons into restuarants, parks and other public places. (Applause!)  It will be interesting to read the statistics regarding handgun shooting deaths before and after the change. I'm wondering whether the killings of evil perps by law-abiding citizens should be counted in a separate tally....say 'good deaths by gunfire'.
from Luke:   47While he was still speaking a crowd came up, and the man who was called Judas, one of the Twelve, was leading them. He approached Jesus to kiss him, 48but Jesus asked him, "Judas, are you betraying the Son of Man with a kiss?"  49When Jesus' followers saw what was going to happen, they said, "Lord, should we strike with our swords?" 50And one of them struck the servant of the high priest, cutting off his right ear.   51But Jesus answered, "No more of this!" And he touched the man's ear and healed him.  I must assume that you haven't read the whole thread sinjun because I covered this early on. Here's the quote. Jesus understood that He had to die for the sins of humanity so he rebuked Peter for his actions, but He never told the disciples to lay down their weapons forever at all. On the contrary, he told them in Luke 22:36 to purchase swords before leaving on a mission to evangelize.  The bible is very clear in its warning that "those who live by the sword (a weapon) will die by the sword". By that, it teaches that the criminal who lives by violence will die by violence, and we see that result every day in the lives of violent offenders who are killed.  And remember when Peter cut the ear off of the Centurion who came to arrest Jesus? Jesus rebuked him because Jesus knew He had to die for Humanity; so He healed the guards ear, but He never told Peter to lay down his sword. Neither the bible nor Jesus ever promoted pacifism at all. In fact, he told this to his disciples. Luke 22:36: "Then He said to them, But now, he that has a purse, let him take it, and likewise his scrip: and he that has no sword, let him sell his garment, and buy one." So Jesus believed in self defense, but not offensive violence. Here's a link that explains the scriptural perspective very well.  http://rds.yahoo.com/_ylt=A0geu_Uhj_lHxmkA8z1XNyoA;_ylu=X3oDMTByMTNuNTZzBHNlYwNzcgRwb3MDMgRjb2xvA2FjMgR2dGlkAw--/SIG=12mh5et8u/EXP=1207623841/**http%3a//fp.users.fast.net/InfoQuest/God%2520on%2520Self-Defense.txt
If Jesus was indeed telling his disciple to go out and arm themselves, why would he in verse 38 tell them that two swords was enough?  That's simple, because He thought that two was enough for that night in the garden as He prayed that he could be spared being crucified.  You claim that you offer extensive documentation of your beliefs yet all you have ever done is twist its meaning and redefine words to fit your abhorant views on life. You have no idea what proper context actually means as you have yet to use it.  I purposely avoided being accused of distorting the scriptures by posting an objective link that dealt specifically with the passages in question that you relied on. So I didn't twist anything at all. You just don't like how REAL BIBLE SCHOLARS interpret the bible in opposition to your humanistic interpretation.   The bible portrays Jesus as the ultimate pacifist as he gave his life rather than fight against those who wished to kill him. Yet you would rather kill those you feel may be of some threat to you.   Oh really mr bible scholar? His giving His life couldn't have been because He knew He was here to die for our sins, could it? Pacifism had absolutely nothing at all to do with Jesus being crucified and if you understood the Gospel, you would know that. It was all about Him sacrificing Himself for the sins of Humanity and paying the price that only He could pay to redeem us. Here, smiley, read on from Luke 22:  Luk 22:41  And He was withdrawn from them about a stone's throw, and He knelt down and prayed, Luk 22:42  saying, "Father, if it is Your will, take this cup away from Me; nevertheless not My will, but Yours, be done." Luk 22:43  Then an angel appeared to Him from heaven, strengthening Him. Luk 22:44  And being in agony, He prayed more earnestly. Then His sweat became like great drops of blood falling down to the ground. Jesus suffered greatly just at the thought of what was to come. See this link for the relevance of sweating blood. http://foraclearview.blogspot.com/2008/03/precious-drops-of-blood.html And He knew that He could call to 10,000 Angels and they would save him from this plight. So dying on the Cross had absolutely nothing at all to do with being willing to die for pacifistic reasons rather than fight for His life, but had everything to do with being willing to die for the sins of humanity rather than cling to a life that He loved very much. So once again you have shown how little you understand about what the bible really say's as you insist what you want it to say.   And yet again, you offered no evidence other than your opinion that is full of misinformation and insults directed at me. Thanks for contributing absolutely nothing of actual factual value to this debate at all, but have just infused it with your secular humanist opinion of what you would like the bible to say.
I doubt very much that your lord and saviour would stoop to killing those he thought may be a threat to him. So your philosophy is a very human one, not that of a true christian.  Smiley  Oh really, then how do you explain Soddom and Gamorrah? Completely wiped out, everybody killed.
I am trained to a reasonable level in several different martial arts, and could probably take on more than one man (4 maybe too many). Also, it may depend how they were armed.  I'll put your martial arts training against my skill with a length of chain. You'll likely be the one defeated.
I am also fascinated by the Shoot First Law that has been introduced in Florida. You can now use a gun against any perceived threat.  And yet we haven't seen any examples of Avon ladies being blown when they knock on somebody's door.
The bible portrays Jesus as the ultimate pacifist as he gave his life rather than fight against those who wished to kill him. Yet you would rather kill those you feel may be of some threat to you.  Wrong yet again. Jesus died because He knew it was His purpose on Earth and that there was no point in fighting what He was sent here to do. That isn't pacifism, that's fulfilling your cause.  Pacifism isn't dying to serve the greater good, pacifism is refusing to lay a hand on the person seeking to murder you and rape your wife.
Easy, that was the god if the old testament, not Jesus.  Archie claims to be a Christian. A follower of the teachings of Jesus, who is portrayed as a man of peace not a killer of nations.  And as a Born Again Christian I stand by everything I have written here and the documentation I have supplied to support what I believe. As usual you have corrupted the gospel in order to imply that the bible supports you secular humanistic interpretation of what the bible say's and who Jesus is. And you supported your assertions with absolutely no legitimate theological or scriptural evidence at all. All we have gotten from you is lip service and attacks on my understanding of what the bible really say's.
Yet he did give the turn the other cheek speach. Are these not pacifist ideals?  Archie would have you believe that this is only about forgiving your enemy and that this is somehow not what this whole debate is about.  As to whether Jesus died because he believed he was fulfilling his destiny, I'm afraid I don't believe that (though the bible would tend to suggest it). I believe that Jesus was, in effect, a heretic and died for that reason. He was seen as a threat to the powers that be and died for that cause. He didn't fight back.  Smiley  You're unbelievable smiley. You admit that you know what the bible say's is the reason Jesus freely gave His life for, but you prefer to believe the cover story of why the murderers wanted Him dead as the legitimate reason for Him being crucified. Why doesn't that surprise me at all.   Because if you actually accepted that Jesus willingly died for the sins of humanity, then you must also admit that you are a sinner in need of the salvation that He died for you for. But you refuse to accept that need so you prefer to believe the lie which explains perfectly why you distort what you know the bible really say's in order to believe the lie. Congratulations smiley, you have admitted that you can see the truth but reject it because you refuse to accept the free gift that Jesus died to give to you. And what is that free gift you're rejecting? ETERNAL LIFE WITH HIM.
Easy, that was the god if the old testament, not Jesus.  Archie claims to be a Christian. A follower of the teachings of Jesus, who is portrayed as a man of peace not a killer of nations.  Jesus is God as shown here that He, as the Word of God called everything that is, into being in the beginning.   Jhn 1:1  IN the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. Jhn 1:2  He was in the beginning with God. Jhn 1:3  All things were made through Him, and without Him nothing was made that was made. Jhn 1:4  In Him was life, and the life was the light of men. Jhn 1:5  And the light shines in the darkness, and the darkness did not comprehend[fn1] it.   And here we see that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday (Old Testament Age), Today (New Testament Age), and forever (All future Ages to come...) So why do you distinguish between the OT and NT God?   Hbr 13:8 Jesus Christ [is] the same yesterday, today, and forever.  And if you want to see Jesus as a killer of Nations, just wait until He returns at the end of this Age as He pours His wrath out on a sinful World that rejected the free gift of salvation that He WILLINGLY died for, which you have admitted you reject.
Stop trying to play the victim, Archie. There is evidence splattered all over this forum of your twisting and turning; your redefining of words, fleeing debates that you have quite clearly lost, and twisting biblical passages to fit your own personal philosophy.  And I stand by my assertion that your philosophy is not that of a christian, as you have in the past wished pain and suffering on those in gaol (I'm sure Jesus would have approved of that), lied about your own words even when they have been presented to you (another doozie), gloried in the deaths of innocents just becuase your war hungry leader has chosen to undertake an illegal and immoral war against them.  You parade your professed religion as a status symbol because it suits you, nothing more.  Smiley  Oh, and there goes that mysterious word say's again. It's not one I've come across anywhere before.  I haven't twisted and turned at all smiley. You know why? Because I have told the truth scripturally. And neither have I played the victim at all. Feel free to quote any scriptural fact I have twisted with theological support as evidence, or by quoting where I have played the victim at all.  And you can assert all you want that my beliefs aren't those of a Born Again Christian, but coming from a secular humanist who hasn't a clue of what the bible say's or stands for in reality, that assertion doesn't mean very much at all.   As for this foolishness about my faith being some status symbol; how utterly ridiculous. I am so unworthy of salvation because I am the greatest sinner in life. The fact that God even saved me just blows my mind because He is so incredibly perfect and holy and I am so worthless, in my opinion. Thank you Lord that you found me worthy of saving according to your grace, mercy and unconditional love for me, a sinner. I am humbled by my salvation smiley, not proud or pompous because of it. And if you understood the Love of God within your heart as I do, you too would be humbled and would agree with everything I have said here today.
archie,  I am so unworthy of salvation because I am the greatest sinner in life.   Braggart!!emoticon_mad  Why am I not surprised that you would consider me being a sinner, something to envy?
You two! Take your biblical debate elsewhere! This is a discussion about how banning guns will only save the lives of the criminals, not the regular people.
You're going to have to make a new thread. Once AA starts on the biblical threats and the whole "you twisted my words" tirades the thread's value goes to zero.  Actually, religion was injected into this post by Capo way back on post#16, not by me at all. As usual you target me for bringing religion into it without even fact checking who actually brought it up.  http://www.4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=307789&postcount=16
It's easy to come up with scenarios where you think a gun is the only escape, but then there are plenty of alternatives where guns take lives unnecessarily, be they because children get hold of them, or nutcases, or someone who's just had a bad day.  The advantage of being confronted by a knife wielding maniac (as opposed to a gun wielding maniac) is that he/she has to come within arm's reach.  Smiley  So, everyone who dies in a stabbing/beating/shooting is just, stupid? Maybe they wanted to die? Trust me, if there were alternatives to getting killed I don't think many people would die of crime.
Except I can't see Jesus owning, carrying, or using a gun. Can you?  Why would he need to? Hes freaking Jesus!    And smiley, I like your past analogies involving a man with a gun and a crowded marketplace. Don't you think, if guns weren't banned, that someone would pull out a gun and kill the murdering maniac?  What you don't realize, is that people who want to shoot people will. There are plenty of ways to get a gun thats not a gun store. Think about this, if you were a mugger and there were two cities that you are considering to mug some people in. One city, everyone carried a gun, the other city guns were banned. Where would you go?  The only gun violence deaths that can be prevented with the kind of gun control you're pressing is those of the mentally unstable, and children getting a hold of guns. If we had better guidelines in place, the mentally ill wouldn't get a hold of a gun, and if people were responsible with their weapons, children would not get a hold of them. There is no need to go crazy and ban guns, which would probably kill more than it saves, not to mention the infringement on our civil liberties.
Poor archie,  Actually, religion was injected into this post by Capo way back on post#16, not by me at all.  He is under the delusion that there is someone posting here called Capo.  I wrote the post he is referring to, and that is not my handle at all.  Incidentally, there's not a whiff of religion in it at all.  I simply asked WWJSay, given what we know of his WORDS.  If archie wants to infuse his own confused faith into that question, then that's HIS issue.:xbanghead  Don't poor archie me; and you can lie to yourself about who you are but you and I both know you've been banned twice already and your first handle was Capo. And your question which infused religion into the debate was specifically, and I quote: You have repeatedly proclaimed your Christian faith all over these fora.  Now tell us, based on your faith and understanding of your Lord and Savior, would He pack heat?   In typical fashion you phrased the question like an insulting challenge, so I answered it concisely here on post 19: http://www.4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=307793&postcount=19  It was smiley that continued to challenge my accurate understanding of the bible with his secular humanist interpretations, and I can't stand by while someone corrupts the truth of what the bible say's.
What you fail to realise is that those who want to shoot people would find it a great deal more difficult to actually do it if guns weren't so very easy to acquire.    The problem with your assumption smiley, is that we can prove by observing other Societies that have banned all handguns that your expected outcome just doesn't occur. Just as drugs have been outlawed for decades, so are they available through an underground supply. We also know that criminals can buy weapons with less hassle and sometimes for less money than law abiding people. So cutting off the legal supply will only arm the very people who pose the problem while victimizing the people who need to be able to protect themselves from violent criminals.  It's also offensive that the gun control advocates automatically assume that pro gun advocates are hungry to kill people with their weapons. I know that I have never aimed a gun at anyone in anger, or for any reason at all. And my home is alarmed so that it is protected against illegal entry. That is a primary defense against being placed in the position to be confronted on my own property.  http://www.fff.org/comment/com0512f.asp  Here is documented evidence that the Banning of handguns in GB has failed miserably if cutting down on crime and violence was the goal. [Between 1997 and 2003] crimes with [banned firearms] have more than doubled.... In 2002, for the fourth consecutive year, gun crime in England and Wales rose - by 35 percent for all firearms, and by a whopping 46 percent for the banned handguns. Nearly 10,000 firearms offenses were committed.... Clearly since the ban criminals have not found it difficult to get guns and the balance has not shifted in the interest of public safety....  In the four years from 1997 to 2001 the rate of violent crime more than doubled. The UK murder rate for 2002 was the highest for a century....  A recent study of all the countries of western Europe has found that in 2001 Britain had the worst record for killings, violence and burglary, and its citizens had one of the highest risks in the industrialized world of becoming victims of crime.... Why would the USA want to disarm its citizenry and subject ourselves to the same experiment when we can see how it is failing in GB?
Please, please show me where I said that those who die of shootings/stabbings/etc are stupid, or that they want to die. I fail to see how you could possibly have inferred that from what I said.  I agree that it is preferable to find an alternative to being killed, but you seem far too eager to kill instead of finding an alternative to that. Isn't it possible that their might be a situation where everyone survives?  Smiley  Including the dirtbag? Why should you risk your life so he can rot in prison? There are all kinds of bad guys out there, however I don't think saying "Hey man, I don't want no trouble" will make him walk away. If someone wants to kill or hurt you, there is nothing but force that can stop them. Its not as easy as it looks when someone has broken into your house with a baseball bat and/or a knife or gun. What would you do, hide in a closet?
Despite Archie's selective statistics, violent crime has fallen in the UK in recent years, but linking it to a relatively minor alteration in gun laws (even before the handgun ban there were heavy restrictions on their use) is a bit daft. The article quotes "gun crimes" but that includes possession of a firearm so is a bit of a red herring.  I notice you didn't post a link to more recent statistics which contradict the numbers my link states were accurate in 03. So here are the most recent stats I could find for England and Wales which the other link specifies was its focus. You will see that in most cases the number of handgun crimes, shootings and killings has risen dramatically.   They also show a general rise in non gun violence which shows that people will find a way to hurt others by whatever means if they are determined to do it.  http://www.gun-control-network.org/GF05.htm
Archie,  They also show a general rise in non gun violence which shows that people will find a way to hurt others by whatever means if they are determined to do it.   Which is, of course, the whole point.   Guns make it possible for cowards to hurt others.  All other methods require that the assaultor get in the assaultee's face.emoticon_mad  What imaginary point is that again? The whole argument the antigun advocates used in order to get guns banned in England was to cut down on violence. The evidence shows that people who are capable of killing others, don't need guns to do it necessarily, but will be violent by what ever means are available at the time. The only thing the gun ban accomplished was to disallow the victims from being armed so they had no chance at all of protecting themselves.
All other methods require that the assaultor get in the assaultee's face.emoticon_mad  So what? The end result is gonna be death. Why does it matter how they were killed?
But the end result is much less likely to be death if no guns are involved. A gun gives you a sense of invulnerability (which is why you are so reluctant to give them up), thereby making a criminal much more likey to undertake a break-in/mugging etc if he has one.  The criminal feels safer, the victim feels safer, but they're not.  Smiley  But if a handgun gave you a sense of invulnerability if you possessed it, how would you feel if you were staring down the barrel of the source of your invulnerability? Also, would you argue that the criminal, with the same weapon as the victim, is safer than the victim? Why would this be when they are essentially on an even playing field?  It also seems that you assume that once a victim pulls out a gun to defend themself the criminal is always fatally wounded. I bet you'd be surprised at the number of crimes stopped by someone with a gun where not a single shot was fired.
But the end result is much less likely to be death if no guns are involved.  You might think so, but would probably be surprised.  Gunshot woulds can be simpler and less deadly than knife wounds, because some rounds will follow along the bone and come out the other end and never hit anything vital. Being stabbed doesn't have any such result.  A gun gives you a sense of invulnerability (which is why you are so reluctant to give them up), thereby making a criminal much more likey to undertake a break-in/mugging etc if he has one.  Then how come they say they fear armed people more than they fear the cops?
Another question you might like to ask is . .   Does the victim having a gun make the criminal more or less likely to use the gun in their possession? I would imagine possession of a gun might actually make the victim less safe.  Smiley  A better question would be if the criminal is more likely to pick a target they don't know well and can't tell if they're armed or not.
IIRC shooting victims are shot with their own weapon about 30% of the time.  Got any statistics to back that up with?
But the end result is much less likely to be death if no guns are involved. A gun gives you a sense of invulnerability (which is why you are so reluctant to give them up), thereby making a criminal much more likey to undertake a break-in/mugging etc if he has one.  The criminal feels safer, the victim feels safer, but they're not.  Smiley   Speaking for myself I would say that the only thing which has ever given me a sense of invulnerability (and a very false one at that) was consuming too much alcohol during various college weekends. I found that in every instance the effect was not only temporary but also deeply regretted the following hung over mornings....  Carrying a firearm has never given me a sense of invulnerability. I am rather more conscious of the tremendous responsibility I have for my actions when I do choose to carry. Self-defense is the first right of nature. Carrying a firearm for me is merely one way in which I exercise that right against those who would seek to do me harm.   I disagree with the argument that the presense of a weapon gives rise to the motive to commit a crime, and that I am less safe with a gun than without.  ---  "And indeed, gentlemen, there exists a law, not written down anywhere but written in our hearts; a law which comes to us not by training or custom or reading but by derivation and absorption and adoption from nature itself; a law which has come to us not by theory but from practice, not by instruction but by natural intuition. I refer to the law which lays it down that, if our lives are endangered by plots or violence or armed robbers or enemies, any and every method of protecting ourselves is morally right. When weapons reduce them to silence, the laws no longer expect one to await their pronouncements. For people who decide to wait for these will have to wait for justice, too--and meanwhile they must suffer injustice first. Indeed, even the wisdom of the law itself, by a sort of tacit implication, permits self- defense, because it does not actually forbid men to kill; what it does, instead, is to forbid the bearing of a weapon with the intention to kill. When, therefore, an inquiry passes beyond the mere question of the weapon and starts to consider the motive, a man who has used arms in self-defense is not regarded as having carried them with homicidal aim". Cicero, Selected Political Speeches, p. 222 (M. Grant, trans. 1975)  "If a slave, says Plato, defends himself, and kills a freeman, he ought to be treated as a parricide. This is a civil law which punishes self-defense, though dictated by nature. . . .It is unreasonable. . .to oblige a man not to attempt the defense of his own life. . . .Who does not see that self-defense is a duty superior to every precept. . . .[T]he laws of an Italian republic, where bearing fire-arms is punished as a capital crime and where it is not more fatal to make an ill use of them than to carry them, is not agreeable to the nature of things." Montesquieu, The Spirit of Laws, pp. 59, 60, 64, and 79-80 (trans. T. Nugent, 1899).
 I agree that it is preferable to find an alternative to being killed, but you seem far too eager to kill instead of finding an alternative to that. Isn't it possible that their might be a situation where everyone survives?  Smiley  I would rather kill than be killed trying to find an "alternative". Usually, there is no alternative. If someone wants to kill you, they will. They will not be talked out of it. Same goes for robbery and assault. They only thing that can possibly stop one of these crimes from being committed is an air taser, but when that misses, what do you think the criminal is then going to do to you?  I prefer to act first and save my life then hiding in a corner and cowering in fear. However, if you do choose to beg with the assailant not to hurt you, or you try to hide from him/her, then maybe I'll visit your grave one day.
What you fail to realise is that those who want to shoot people would find it a great deal more difficult to actually do it if guns weren't so very easy to acquire.  Really? Do you know how many people get shot in the UK? Handgun violence has gone up.   Presumably your mugger would choose the city where no-one carries a gun (apart from the police or security personnel). But what if he also had no gun (he is only a mugger, not an experienced professional criminal), because he can't find one in every house he cares to break into. Wouldn't that also make the citizen on the street safer?  Criminals don't obtain guns from houses, because if they break into a house with a gun in it, they will be shot. There is something called the black market, and it is extremely easy to buy things from here. Ever wonder how its so easy to get marijuana? Guns will be just as common as marijuana if they are banned. People don't get marijuana by burglarizing houses.  Notice the two big ifs in your last paragraph. Do you feel safe knowing that you have a long way to go before these two ifs are conquered?  So because we cannot achieve better ways to prevent the mentally ill from obtaining guns, we should just ban them all? Taking them out of the hands of honest citizens, and pretty much serving them on a silver platter to criminals? Don't you think there is a better way?  I also fail to see how making it a bit harder to kill anyone who looks like they might be a threat is a infringement on your civil liberties.  Once you find a way to make it harder to kill someone, please tell me. Not one of your proposals does this.  Live with it, and let them live too. I gave up guns when I was about 10. I suggest it's time you did the same.  Just because you are afraid of guns, does not mean that you are justified in characterizing honest gun owners as "10 year olds". If you don't like guns, fine. Don't buy one, however don't try to infringe on the civil liberties of honest citizens trying to protect themselves.  Live with it. Honest citizens will not shoot you, criminals will. It is not wise to be paranoid and think everyone that has a gun is trying to shoot you.
Actually, they do. Since the the law on firearms was tightened up (about 2002) there has been a marked increase in the number of burglaries of farmhouses as this is one of the few places where a burglar can find a firearm. (Burglarizing? Is that a real word or did you mean Burgling?)   Actually, criminals do not get guns they use in crimes from stealing or burglarizing(yes, it is a word).  Even if this were true, it would not take guns out of the hands of criminals. They will find guns elsewhere.
Another question you might like to ask is . .   Does the victim having a gun make the criminal more or less likely to use the gun in their possession? I would imagine possession of a gun might actually make the victim less safe.  Smiley  Explain how you figure your pathetic reasoning. How would it make the victim less safe? How dumb do you think we are? You think we're going to point a gun at our own head and pull the trigger?
How exactly does a link to some American site about American criminals relate to the situation in the UK where since the ban on owning firearms only allows ownership (essentially) to Farmers and Reenactors Farmhouses have been targeted for burglary specifically to steal the guns which are then used later in other crimes?   I am talking about the US. Considering handguns are already banned in the UK, you are just proving the consequences of gun control.
"Guns get banned, people will die." It follows from this empty claim that if guns are NOT banned, then people will not die. This article of faith is patent rubbish.  Where did I say that? People will die either way. With guns, the criminals and loonies will be dead. Without guns, innocent civilians will die. Its your choice.  Seriously, "patent rubbish"?
Sorry, I got confused. However, my main point still stands. Gun control didn't work out too great in the UK, therefore it should not be implemented in the US.
But your own link says that the rise in crime was partially explained by the new system the UK police were using for recording crime and that the British Crime Survey showed a decrease in crime since 1997.  "Partially".
He doesn't seem to have realised that the measures are having an effect on the supply of firearms, hence the increase in burglaries of farmhouses and the incidence of criminals using converted BB guns rather than conventional guns simply because the supply has been restricted. But are we expecting a trigger happy type to acknowledge that?  So converted BB guns and farm house break ins are good things now?  Just more examples of the fallacies of gun control, however people who fear guns will do anything to get rid of them, even if it means sacrificing the good of society.
Society if fine now. Correct me if I'm wrong, but aren't you the one advocating to change gun laws, thereby making society not fine?
Restricted access to firearms means it is less likely that a criminal will have access to one, desperate ad-hoc solutions such as those described occur as the change is not immediate. No can wave a magic wand and remove the effects of American style gun culture which make criminal ownership of a gun desirable as a status symbol more important to individuals than the actual reliability of such weapons. Shotguns are the weapons of armed robberies which are declining due to increased use of electronic transactions, as such farmhouse robberies for the weapons should decline with that.  Restricted access to firearms does not equate to a criminals access to a firearm. The sheer size of the US allows residents to do nearly anything without Big Brother looking over your should. You think we can monitor so many acres of land to see where illegal guns are being transported in... sold.. etc. Hell, we can't even stop the southern invasion from Mexico, you think we can stop illegal shipment of guns????!!!  Which sociologist claims guns as a status symbol has clearly never shot a gun, or has such a stigma against guns they fear looking at it. Seriosly, certain people just like shooting guns. Maybe it's the little demolitionist in us that drive a gun enthusiast to sit perfect still and drop a target (non-human of course) at half mile.  Where is the statistics that shows shotguns are the favorite among thieves? I would assume it owuld be a 22-cal handgun. Easy to conceal, and quiet as heck when you want it to be. Shotguns are no fun when you're trying to climb a window.
Restricted access to firearms means it is less likely that a criminal will have access to one,  A common myth. Since there are so many background checks and such, do you think a criminal can just walk into a gun store and buy a gun legally? They get their guns where junkies get their drugs, the black market.   desperate ad-hoc solutions such as those described occur as the change is not immediate. No can wave a magic wand and remove the effects of American style gun culture which make criminal ownership of a gun desirable as a status symbol more important to individuals than the actual reliability of such weapons.  This is called gang culture, not American culture. This is how it is with criminals, not your everyday American.   Shotguns are the weapons of armed robberies which are declining due to increased use of electronic transactions, as such farmhouse robberies for the weapons should decline with that.  Aren't the "farmhouse robberies" in the UK, and not the US? Aren't we talking about the US here? Because I am.
REstrictions on the access to firearms took place in the UK specifically removing handguns from the Legal market and making it harder to obtain other firearms. This has had the effects of a temporary increase in the theft of shotguns from farms which are then used in armed robberies, typically of Post Offices or armoured vans, (Corner shops and petrol stations subjected to armed robbery usually face knives or baseball bats) this crime is on the decrease generally due to the use of plastic. Credit card fraud is the growing crime in that area.  And wouldn't you agree that this is bad? The mail men don't have guns to defend against shotgun wielding robbers, and store owners don't have any viable self defense weapons to defend themselves against armed robbers.    City gangs/drug dealers prefer handguns as they are easier to conceal and wield, these have become scarce but following American culture view such weapons as status enhancing. The result is that they often use the BB gun conversions which are prone to misfire. The "black market" aquires its weapons from ostensibly legal sources  The whole point of a black market is to sell illegal things. Do you think that the black market drug dealers in the US get their drugs from legal sources too?    thus removing that link has a knock on effect. There aren't black market factories producing Brownings or Smith & Wessons, they ultimately come from a 'legal' source.  And if legal sources are banned, they will go to illegal sources, and guns will be smuggled into the UK.   Burglars usual armament is either a knife or crowbar, never a gun.  And thats good, right? Because we all like to be beaten with crowbars and stabbed with knives, and also have no way to defend ourself. I would rather the burglar have a gun, and I have a gun, because chances are I'm much more trained than him.
Post Office staff usually sit behind bullet proof glass screens these days as do bank and building society personel for much the same reasons. the days of armed robbey in this sence are numbered.  Its sad that they even have to sit behind bullet proof glass. My point is criminals have guns in the UK, and criminals have guns in the US. No amount of laws will change that.       NO The purpose of the black market is to produce profit for indiviuals as per capitalist theory. Drugs, bootleg liquer, and pirate CDs are commodities.  Unless your ciminals are using Asian copies (unlikely) they originally came from a factory by one of the following companies; Smith & Wesson; http://www.smith-wesson.com/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/CustomContentDisplay?langId=-1&storeId=10001&catalogId=10001&content=11001 Browning; http://www.browning.com/ Hekler & Koch; http://www.hk-usa.com/  The fact that they come from companies do not matter, just as the factory that produces blank DVDs that bootlegged movies are burned onto doesn't matter. What matters is that criminals are still getting guns in the UK.    They try, X-ray machines as used at all ports and airports are rather good at detecting the metal guns are made of. If the sale of slaves is banned in the US Yanks will simply have them smuggled in!  A slave is much harder to smuggle in than a gun. What makes you think they are going to just walk into an airport with a suitcase full of guns? Guns will be smuggled into the UK the same way drugs are smuggled into the US.     I would rather be hospitalised by an intruder than killed. Murders by burglars are stupidly rare. I don't think I've ever heard of anyone being shot by a burglar in the UK.  Being shot does not matter at all. Anti-Gun proponents think that a decrease in people getting shot is good, when they stupidly ignore the fact beatings, stabbings, hackings, etc. have gone up. Plus, there are still gangs that have guns in the UK. If dumb thugs can get guns, anyone can.  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/england/lancashire/7422983.stm
Usual method attempted is via the post or in container shipments, HM Customs & Excise X-rays all containers coming into the UK, they pick up guns, stolen cars, illegal immigrants etc. Drugs don't show up, for that you need a dog.  And, making my point again, I still see a lot of drugs. Nothing is 100% or even close to it.
Completely contradicting your "point" the facts are that contrary to your opinion, criminals now find it harder to get guns which is the reason we see converted BB guns.  But converted BB guns aren't that great, are they? If a fundamental liberty is going to be taken away from our people, it better be for a damn good reason. Pointing to modified BB guns as proof that guns are now harder to find is moot, because we now must deal with those modified BB guns.  And this still does not explain the rise in handgun crime in the UK.    http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/1440764.stm   "The campaign's director, David Bredin, said: 'It is crystal clear from the research that the existing gun laws do not lead to crime reduction and a safer place.  'Policy makers have targeted the legitimate sporting and farming communities with ever-tighter laws but the research clearly demonstrates that it is illegal guns which are the real threat to public safety.' "
The easiest way to avoid getting shot in the UK is not to get involved with gangs, not to get involved with drugs and avoid the areas where such activities take place. Burglars do not use guns, muggers do not use guns. There is therefore no sane reason for the public to have have guns.  Thats quite a generalization, care to cite some sources?   I also find it curious that gun control usually has no effect on crime. Funny that Washington DC is ranked number 17 in cities notorious for violent crime, yet it has some of the strictest gun control laws. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crime_in_Washington,_D.C. I also find it interesting that the states notorious for gun control are also notorious for crime. I seen and read interviews with criminals, their identity concealed, who were for gun control. Gun control makes criminals lives much easier, because they can keep their guns, while they don't have to deal with armed citizens.  I know we are talking about the UK here but I have cited the US for comparison.
The easiest way to avoid getting shot in the UK is not to get involved with gangs, not to get involved with drugs and avoid the areas where such activities take place.  Actually the easiest way to avoid getting shot in the UK is to be an American and not go anywhere near the UK.  Burglars do not use guns, muggers do not use guns. There is therefore no sane reason for the public to have have guns.  You just got finished talking about the best way to avoid getting shot in the UK, now you're saying that criminals don't have guns over there. Which is it? Do criminals in the UK have guns or do they not?
Strangely enough, he didn't use the word 'criminals' in his post even once.  You're really splitting hairs here. Criminals, muggers, gangs, burglars, etc. they're all pretty synonymous with each other and mean the same thing: somebody that breaks the law to get ahead.  Therefore, if you avoid gangs (those who tend to have guns - they are still criminals), there is little point in carrying a gun yourself.  How about when the burglars come calling for you in broad daylight because they know you can't shoot them, but they can shoot you? What's your answer then smart guy?  How do you manage to get the wrong end of the stick every time you reply to a post. Do you have to practice being obtuse or does it just come naturally to you?  It's an optical illusion caused by one's own lack of understanding of the points at hand and their inability to properly address the issues.  So which of your statements is correct, Ripskar, do crime-inclined individuals have guns for shooting you, or do they not? Your entire post contradicts itself so either one point it true or none of it is true.
True, muggers and burglars are criminals, but they are a subset of criminals (ie not all criminals are burglars or muggers). Ripskar pointed out that gangs (criminals, but not necessarily burglars or muggers) tend to have guns. He also stated that burglars and muggers tend not to have guns.  Lemme guess, in real life you're a lawyer, correct? You must be because you're extremely hypertechnical to the point of absurdity. It doesn't matter what you call them, be it criminal or gang member of dope dealer or home invader, if somebody breaks the law then they're a criminal and it's as simple as that.  Seriously dude, you're trying to get off on a technicality here. Like a lawyer trying to argue "Your honor my client isn't a prostitute, she's a female escort". Doesn't matter what you call it or what you try to pass it off as, a criminal is a criminal regardless of what their formal title is.  So which is Ripskar, do criminals have guns and are likely to shoot you in the face and kill you, or do they not have guns at all. It's one or the other, it can't be both.
Strangely enough, he didn't use the word 'criminals' in his post even once.  To sum up:-  Burglars, muggers, and gangsters are criminals, so it's okay to generalize.  Avoid areas where there are gangs and drugs. Gangs tend to carry guns.  Source?  Burglars and muggers tend not to have guns.[/QUOTE]  Source?  Therefore, if you avoid gangs (those who tend to have guns - they are still criminals), there is little point in carrying a gun yourself.  And how would you ensure that you avoid gangsters, O divine oracle?  How do you manage to get the wrong end of the stick every time you reply to a post. Do you have to practice being obtuse or does it just come naturally to you?  Smiley, you are the biggest hypocrite on this forum, you're always whining at me about using personal insults, then turning around and saying that.
And how would you ensure that you avoid gangsters, O divine oracle?  That's basically what I asked.  Smiley, you are the biggest hypocrite on this forum, you're always whining at me about using personal insults, then turning around and saying that.  What ol' happy face doesn't seem to realize is that only the person on the wrong end of the stick, has the ability to take the same stick and start whipping the other person with it.
No, not a lawyer, just someone who can understand the English language. Evidently, you fail on both counts.  And you've failed to prove that Rip is right in his claims.  Let's try one more time. I don't see how anyone could keep up an act this long without showing even a modicum of intelligence.  It's not an act. My standpoint is the correct one, you just can't see that from your angle.  With me so far?  I'm with you. What you're trying to say is that a criminal's official title actually makes a difference.  I've still yet to see any supporting evidence that "gangs" carry guns while "burglars" don't. This is just the statement of one person who isn't even here to defend his position.  Have you spotted it yet?  What I've spotted is that criminals in general DO have guns in the UK, proving that the 1997 nationwide handgun ban proved to be nothing more than an absolute failure. I don't really give much of a damn on what a criminal calls themselves, the fact remains that criminals are armed, citizens (subjects in this case) aren't, and the UK is just downright unsafe.  Some criminals do have guns and some criminals don't have guns (see it can be both). If you avoid the areas where the gun toting criminals hang out, then your chances of being shot are minimal.  As asked earlier, what about when the armed criminals come looking for you?
If you want some figures on gun crime in the UK try here.  You'll see that gun crime figures have decreased 3 years running.  Well of course they're gonna say gun-related crime has decreased, they're all about gun control for God sakes. That's like asking McDonald's if fast food is healthy.  Ooh! And this sire has some really interesting stats on it too. Just for comparison's sake.  Your fancy states are fun to look at, but I've actually talked with people unfortunate enough to live in the UK, and their position has consistently been that the UK has become more dangerous than New York or Washington DC.
I was merely trying to point out that your inane query as to why Ripskar was changing his position on whether criminals have guns was . . . well, inane.  As you seem to have grasped the difference now, I guess my job is done.  If you want some figures on gun crime in the UK try here.  You'll see that gun crime figures have decreased 3 years running.  If you look around you'll find things like:   Number of Deaths from Firearms Injury - United Kingdom, 1997 to 2006  Figures include deaths with a Coroner's verdict of accident, suicide, homicide and undetermined intent.  Answer given on 25 October 2007  Year Number   1997 198 1998 229 1999 207  2000 204  2001 193  2002 181  2003 187  2004 191  2005 185  2006 210    Ooh! And this site has some really interesting stats on it too. Just for comparison's sake.  Smiley  Smiley, crimes matter, gun crimes don't. It doesn't matter, if they were shot, stabbed, beaten, poisened, or even bored to death. The point is, they're dead. It doesn't really matter how they got there. When Antis cite a drop in gun crime, the conveniently leave out the increase in other violent crime.
I live in the UK. The only time I've seen guns in real life was on an army base, unless you count air rifles. The idea that criminals habitually carry guns in the UK is absurd. Yes there are dangerous places in the UK, there was a murder in my nearest town earlier this year (with a knife), which shook people up a bit, but it only takes a minimum of common sense to be perfectly safe - don't hang around the town centre in the early hours of the morning at the weekend. Any criminal carrying a gun is far beyond petty crime like burglary or street robbery - the only ones for whom the risk is worth the reward are those dealing in massive quantities of drugs whose entire life is lived outside the law. To try and conflate petty crime with major drug cartels is utterly preposterous.  We live in an area of the country known as tornado alley because so many damn twisters cut through here in the season. However this town has never really been hit by one before. Does that mean tornadoes don't exist or that they don't ever come here? No, it just means that one hasn't been encountered yet. Just like you haven't encountered the violence that plagues the UK yet.  Doesn't mean it won't happen, doesn't mean it doesn't exist, just means that so far you've been lucky in not encountering it.
All I was initially trying to do was to get OX to see that his accusation that Ripskar was changing his story was ludicrous. Unfortunately, it took some time.  I haven't been convinced of anything. The fact that UK police are being issued body armor speaks volumes about the "success" of gun control. I'm still sticking to my position that criminals in the UK do have guns and that they will use them on you. So obviously the UK isn't all that safe now is it?  Seriously dude, from from the pages of BBC News. Police have absolutely no need for bulletproof body armor if there aren't armed criminals to deal with. And that fact that 11 police forces have put in orders for body armor just speaks volumes.
I agree, but the recent debate has been about the likelyhood of criminals in the UK actually carrying (and willing to use) guns.  Its funny that handgun crime has gone up since the ban, isn't it?  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/1440764.stm
Very funny, and also 7 years old.  Seven years isn't too long ago. Nothing has changed. Guns were banned then, guns are banned now.
But have the figures on hand guns involved in crime changed?  I don't know. To be honest I can't be bothered to research it.  I can't think of any reason why they would change, unless other factors besides guns were factored in, such as a recession. However my point was that it doesn't matter that it was seven years ago. It still happened. Not much has changed in seven years.    But let's think about why the figures shot up shortly after the ban. Is it possible that much of this rise was due to the fact that possession of hand guns had become a crime in itself, and not just because their use in robberies had suddenly increase by 40%?  By gun crime, they meant violent gun crime.   Could yet more be because people were trying to smuggle guns into the country? Another crime to boost the count.  See above.   It certainly can't be an increase across the board as :-   So rather than say. 'Look guns were banned and the figures went up," we should be asking why they went up.  Smiley  It seems obvious why they went up. And what if they didn't go up? What if they stayed the same? Should guns still be banned?
I've lived permanently in 4 areas of the UK, I have friends and relatives in many others, including quite a few in London, and none have encountered the kind of crime you relate. Very occasional burglary, my wallet was stolen from a lesiure centre changing room (my own fault, nothing important in it). Nobody I know has seen a gun used in a crime. That ain't a statistical anomaly, that's the lived experience of the vast majority of Britons. As for the police being issued with body armour, you realise it's stab proof vests rather than kevlar for the most part, and that British police are still primarily armed with a baton and CS spray?  I have not seen any gun crime either, neither have any of my relatives, and I live in California. I live right near crime ridden cities, such as Compton, North Hollywood, and Watts. Just because you don't see it, doesn't mean its not there.   As for the Police not being armed with Guns, this is ridiculous. This puts the police force in harms way unnecessarily because some people are made uncomfortable by guns.
Even though violent crime has risen by 14%?   http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/3419401.stm
Yep, still tons safer.  Safer? Hardly. Restrictive and without freedom? Most definitely.
No, it means that they don't need to carry guns for their own safety, because the UK is safer (certainly for homicide) than the US by a fairly large factor. Proof. Country Year/ Population /----Total Homicide/--Firearm Homicide /Non-Gun Homicide /% Households With Guns  United States3 /1999 / 272,691,000 / 5.70------------/3.72----------------/1.98--------------------------- /39.0  N. Ireland 1994 ------/1,641,711-------- /6.09 ------------/5.24--------------- /0.85 ---------------------------/8.4  Scotland 1994------- /5,132,400 -------/2.24------------/0.19--------------- /2.05--------------------------- /4.7  England/Wales5 1997 /51,429,000------ /1.41------------/0.11---------------- /1.30 ---------------------------/4.  Ireland 1991 ------/3,525,719-------- /0.62------------/0.03---------------- /0.59 ---------------------------/n/a  Country Year /Population /Total Homicide /Firearm Homicide /Non-Gun Homicide /% Households With Guns  I'll tell you what iangb, take another look at the graph YOU submitted, add up the combined populations of the Countries, England, Wales, Scotland, Ireland and N Ireland that make up the full population of Great Britain, and then compare them to the American population of only 272+ million because we're up to 300 million today, and you will see that Great Britain's murder rate numbers are much higher than the USAs. Just considering Great Britain's combined relevant numbers...   Country / Total Homicide / Firearm Homicide / % Households With Guns USA ------------5.70--------------3.72-----------------------39.0  Great Britain--10.36--------------5.57-----------------only 17.1 (not including stats for Ireland)  So based on the number of people, and the much lower population in GB compared to the USA,and the number of households with guns, according to YOUR OWN STATS, it's like the wild west over their in peaceful and sophisticated Great Britain. We have more than twice the armed households and half the homicides. And even less firearm homicides than they do annually.   What the gun control nuts always forget when condemning the USA's homicide rates is how much larger our population is and how many more armed citizens we have than those you're comparing us to. When those numbers are considered, we come out looking much better than they do statistically speaking.
Ah, Archangel, if only you understood basic maths.  Let's take two countries, A and B. A has a population of 100,000 and B has a population of 200,000. To make up some more figures, lets say 5 people were killed in A last year and 20 were killed in B. So, you want to combine the two.  Country/Total Homicide (per 100,000)  A------/5 (5 killed of 100,000, so 5 per 100,000) B------/10 (20 killed of 200,000, so 10 per 100,000)  Correct version: A&B---/8.3 (25 killed of 300,000, so 8.3 per 100,000)   NOT Archangel's version: A&B---/15 (Look, I added up the figures! That's right, isn't it...?)  To combine A and B you need to take a weighted average of the two values, as the values are fractions per population value NOT pure figures.  Typical obfuscation of the facts. The graph listed the Countries separately, so combining them to equal GBs combined numbers is correct. In other words, 10.36 homicides for GBs combined population is precisely what those combined numbers show. And a combined number of 5.57 firearm homicides when approximately 17.1 households have guns in them is as accurate as we can get considering Ireland came up N/A. And I know the numbers are per 100,000 population, and they accurately reflect the outcome. What makes your stats look worse for GB is that the population is so much lower than ours is. I pointed that out in my last post but I guess you missed it, huh? Here's your graph again, do some math.http://www.guncite.com/gun_control_gcgvinco.html
Point goes to Archangel, for pointing out the obvious.  When you compare the number of gun-related deaths of each country, factoring in population size, rates of legal gun ownership, and number of suicide instances, you'll see that America is very much safer than everywhere else.
Smiley, if I were you I'd stop with the personal attacks on people's intelligence around here, otherwise one of us is gonna take that stick away from you, bend you over a park bench and shove said stick where the sun don't shine.
Don't make me get Bobby the Chipmunk out again. You'll regret it.  A lot of good a bobby is gonna do you. Yes they're police but they're only armed with nightsticks, and they're not even trained to save drowning people anymore because it's too dangerous for them.  Let's see how smart you are with that stick somewhere uncomfortable. You won't be able to be wishing anybody a nice day for a while after that happen.
Are you going to admit your maths was wrong, or are you just going to continue hurling insults?  I don't know Archie is gonna do, but it seems pretty obvious that you're gonna remain a simple ostrich.
Archangel I just showed you my maths above. Compare entirely seperate states A and B, add up the figures for A and B, and work it out yourself. Then see if your answer is correct or not - my working should show you that, too.  To further illustrate my point, imagine I create a tiny country within America called HYPOTHETICAL. This state has two residents, called Alice and Bob. Alice kills Bob. The census people come round, and HYPOTHETICAL goes in at the top of the table as having a projected death rate of 50,000 (1 out of 2 people - you should be able to work this one out). Now, I want to include HYPOTHETICAL in my calculation of how dangerous America is. Should I  a) Add 50,000 to the total and never, ever go to America. Ever. b) Take a weighted average, which reduces HYPOTHETICAL's input to the total so that the total is actually relevant to reality?  The reason why you and smiley are completely wrong is because I didn't add those numbers up and claim that the combined numbers represented homicides in England only as that would have been in error. But to say that GB combined has a homicide rate of 10.39 per 100,000 based on the numbers you yourself posted in your own link is absolutely correct. So stop playing with your cheap hypotheticals and face the reality of the actual statistics that you posted.
Yep, still tons safer.  Than the US? Probably, but there are tons of other factors other than guns that cause this, and I just proved that it is not guns which make it safer.
As entertaining as this is turning into a ####### war with some numbers thrown in there, can we please get back on topic?
No, it doesn't. You have combined the numbers incorrectly. Northern Ireland has a population of approx 1.5 million, Scotland 5 million, Wales 3 million and England 50 million. If you weight the numbers correctly:Total deaths Gun deaths Non-gun deathsWhole of UK: 1.62 0.26 1.35  That is the actual figure. What you seem to have failed to understand is that per 100,000 is a figure that is comparable between two groups but that to combine figures you need to use absolute values, it's like when you add fractions and you have to use a common denominator before you add the numerators otherwise you're stuck.  And that's before we get into the fact that the Northern Ireland figures are hopelessly skewed by the (then still ongoing) paramilitary activities in the province, funded largely by Irish Americans.  Listen Jo,Are you people crazy? Here's a sample of the actual numbers from iangb's link. I C&Pd them directly from the graph. The graph breaks GB up by Country. That includes populations, gun homicides, non gun homicides and households with weapons in them. Because each Country's stats per 100,000 are in accordance with their own population numbers, then by adding up the numbers in each category and totalling them as Great Britains total per 100,000 is totally accurate. Or as accurate as the numbers given in the graph is anyway. And if you have a problem with them, then talk to iangb cuz he posted the link to show that the USA has a much higher murder rate than England.  What he forgot to take into account is that England Wales isn't the whole of GB. You must include Scotland, N. Ireland and Ireland to get an accurate tally to compare with the stats for the USA. And as the numbers show, GB has less guns in homes but more gun homicides per 100,000 than the USA does. Here are the numbers below again, and here is the link again, do some math yourself and stop beating a dead horse and making excuses for the obvious. http://www.guncite.com/gun_control_gcgvinco.html   Country Year/ Population /----Total Homicide/--Firearm Homicide /Non-Gun Homicide /% Households With Guns  United States3 /1999 / 272,691,000 / 5.70------------/3.72----------------/1.98--------------------------- /39.0  N. Ireland 1994 ------/1,641,711-------- /6.09 ------------/5.24--------------- /0.85 ---------------------------/8.4  Scotland 1994------- /5,132,400 -------/2.24------------/0.19--------------- /2.05--------------------------- /4.7  England/Wales5 1997 /51,429,000------ /1.41------------/0.11---------------- /1.30 ---------------------------/4.  Ireland 1991 ------/3,525,719-------- /0.62------------/0.03---------------- /0.59 ---------------------------/n/a  Country Year /Population /Total Homicide /Firearm Homicide /Non-Gun Homicide /% Households With Guns  I'll tell you what iangb, take another look at the graph YOU submitted, add up the combined populations of the Countries, England, Wales, Scotland, Ireland and N Ireland that make up the full population of Great Britain, and then compare them to the American population of only 272+ million because we're up to 300 million today, and you will see that Great Britain's murder rate numbers are much higher than the USAs. Just considering Great Britain's combined relevant numbers...   Country / Total Homicide / Firearm Homicide / % Households With Guns USA ------------5.70--------------3.72-----------------------39.0  Great Britain--10.36--------------5.57-----------------only 17.1 (not including stats for Ireland)  So based on the number of people, and the much lower population in GB compared to the USA,and the number of households with guns, according to YOUR OWN STATS, it's like the wild west over their in peaceful and sophisticated Great Britain. We have more than twice the armed households and half the homicides. And even less firearm homicides than they do annually.   What the gun control nuts always forget when condemning the USA's homicide rates is how much larger our population is and how many more armed citizens we have than those you're comparing us to. When those numbers are considered, we come out looking much better than they do statistically speaking.
Ok, I'll do this step by step:  In England and Wales the figures are 1.41 deaths per hundred thousand, for a population of around 50 million. Multiplying up this equates to 705 actual deaths (with me so far?).  Do the same for Scotland we get 2.24 in a population of 5 million gives 112 deaths. And again for Northern Ireland we get 6.09 in a population of 1.5 million, for a total of 91. Add THESE figures together we get a total number of deaths for the whole of the UK, giving 908 deaths from a population of 57.5 million, which equates to a rate of 1.57 (if you're wondering why this figure is slightly different from the ealier one it is because I used approximate populations rather than the figures given, in order to clarify the calculation).   The method you suggest is similar to saying I got 20% on one exam, and 30% on the second exam so I got 50% overall. You simply can't stack proportions in the way you suggest.  First of all, Is Ireland no longer a part of the UK now? Why did you leave their numbers off? And since all of the stats on the graph are based on the number of victims per 100,000 of each countries respective population, why does the fact that one Country has 2.24 homicides per 100K and another has 6.09 per 100K change the result that combined, those two populations have a combined homicide rate of 8.33 per 100,000 based on their total populations? The combined population of 6,774,111 based on those two countries populations is still an accurate number based on the graph that iangb posted.   And the numbers per capita are accurate and still higher than the USA when compared to our population of what was 272 million at the time the stats were recorded. The fact remains that according to iangb's link, the USA had a homicide rate of 5.70 per 100,000 and Great Britain, based on the same criteria had a homicide rate of 10.36 per 100,000. So to summarize, take same numbers iangbs link gives for the numbers per 100,000 based on America's population of 272 million and you'll come up with the number of homicides we had that year of 1999. So apples to apples, the math stands.
Argue it any way you want to, you can't change the basic facts: The people who shouldn't have guns are easily able to get them despite the ban, and the people who deserve to have them are unable to get them.
The ban on handguns has effectively halved the number of homicides commited with the weapons.  So what? The non-homicide crime rates are on the sharp increase, and it's because the honest people are unarmed and the criminals aren't. Criminals are free to break into anybody's house, at any time, even in broad daylight, and take what they want, because they can hold the homeowner at gunpoint, and the homeowner can't do anything.
First Ireland (strictly the Republic of Ireland) has not been part of the UK since the 1920s.   Then they oughta update their map, because it's very deceptive the way it's shown as a part of the UK. http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://www.4hotels.co.uk/uk/images/great-britain.gif&imgrefurl=http://www.4hotels.co.uk/uk/index.html&h=460&w=391&sz=12&tbnid=R3nu4_-2SugJ::&tbnh=128&tbnw=109&prev=/images%3Fq%3Dmap%2Bof%2BGreat%2BBritain&sa=X&oi=image_result&resnum=4&ct=image&cd=1   Secondly, if we do as you suggest and calculate the number of homicides in the US in 1999, we get 15,504. Now the population of the US is 5 times the population of the UK (near enough), so the comparable figure would be 3000 homicides in comparison with 900 in the UK. This is consistent with the rate of homicide death for the whole of the UK which I have calculated.   And no matter how you slice it, the crime rate in England/Wales and Scotland is higher than in the USA. And here's a graph that proves it that based on the crimes that are reported and recorded for statistical use. http://www.crimereduction.homeoffice.gov.uk/statistics35.htm  And if you look at the copyrights at the bottom of the page, it's current at 2008 which means the stats are still relevant. Also, this might explain why British stats are so skewed in favor of the UK appearing safer than the USA, but it's all an illusion since they don't count so many crimes in the statistics.  Here: http://wheelgun.blogspot.com/2007/08/more-on-british-culture-of-crime.html  and here: http://wheelgun.blogspot.com/2007/01/crime-in-uk-versus-crime-in-us.html Crime in the UK versus Crime in the US There is a discussion going on about gun control and the right to defend yourself over at A Tangled Web. Since my figures on crime in the UK versus crime in the US are couple of years old, I thought I would take a look at the currently available statistics.  The public misconception is that the UK is a safe country and the US violent, but the truth is just the opposite. Depending on which numbers you choose, the violent crime rate in the UK is five times higher than the rate in the US. 
Now Jo, you are making a mistake. It's called "trying to educate people who don't want to learn". AA, S&P, OX, etc. have got a preconcieved conclusion and will ignore facts or claim they actually support their preconcieved conclusion to advance their political/religious aims, in this case they don't want to put their toys and status symbols away as they associate them with their manhood whether they admit this or not. I'm sure theres some logical fallacy that sums this up. They calim that they need guns for defence, yet between them not one appears to have used a gun in that role in a combined period of ownership in excess of a century.  Plenty of people use guns for self defense, and the millions of people that do would be dead right now if you had your way. The fact that you twist facts and throw around insults shows how desperate you are and your disconnection from reality. We have provided multiple sources that have shown that gun control does not reduce crime, and all you have put forth is questionable numbers and insults.   They also make reference to shooting at targets "half a mile away" self defence at half a mile? The fact is if you aren't military oror a farmer a gun is a toy and used in a recreational manner.  Where the hell did we say this? Furthermore, anyone who calls a gun a "toy" obviously doesn't have the adequate knowledge to participate in a gun debate.
Damn right you can't change the facts, and here they are! Read 'em an' weep sucker! 1997/8 England and Wales 738 deaths recorded as homicide. (59 victims shot, 39 with a handgun, 12 with a long barrel shotgun, 4 with a sawn off shotgun, 3 with a rifle and 1 unknown) Scotland 88 deaths recorded as homicide. Northern Ireland 40 deaths recorded as homicide. USA 10369 murders were commited using a firearm, 1963 murders commited with a sharp instrument.  Murder Per 10,000 inhabitants in 1997 Alabama 10 Alaska 9 Arizona 8 Arkansas 10 California 8 Colorado 4 Conneticut 4 Delaware 3 DC 57 Florida 7 Georgia 8 Hawaii 4 Idaho 3 Illinois 9 Indiana 7 Iowa 2 Kansas 6 Kentucky 6 Louisiana 16 Maine 2 Maryland 10 Massachusetts 2 Michigan 8 Minnisota 3 Missippi 13 Missouri 8 Montana 5 Nebraska 3 Nevada 11 New Hampshire 1 New Jersey 4 New Mexico 8 New York 6 North Carolina 8 North Dakota 1 Ohio 5 Oklahoma 7 Oregan 3 Pennsylvannia 6 Rhode Island 3 South Carolina 8 South Dakota 1 Tennesee 10 Texas 7 Utah 2 Vermont 2 Virginia 7 Washington State 4 West Virginia 4 Wisconsin 4 Wyoming 4  http://www.parliament.uk/commons/lib/research/rp99/rp99-056.pdf  Interesting how California has some of the strictest gun control laws, yet it has higher homicide than most of the states, yet Vermont has very lax gun laws, yet it has only 2 murders per 10,000.
Well, well, well...  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/crime/14000-knife-victims-a-year-860857.html  Knife violence in Britain is far worse than official statistics suggest, with almost 14,000 people taken to hospital for injuries caused by knives and other sharp weapons last year.  According to the latest Department of Health statistics, an average of 38 victims of knife wounds are admitted to accident and emergency departments across the country every day.  the UK is safer, huh? 38 victims of stabbings are admitted to the hospital every single day. Yeah you guys are really safe over there.
38 stabbings per day for a year (note that not all of these will be deliberate, some will be accidental/self-inflicted)  This also does not factor in all of the beatings and gun crime.   is 13,870 per year. The USA gets 14,860 homicides per year - approximately 41 per day.  However this does.   Yup, pretty safe. Thanks for the data emoticon_smile  EDIT: curses, beaten to it by smiley. I managed to find knife assaults, though :p  The US is in economic chaos right now. That accounts for a lot of the crime. The US and the UK are completely different areas with cultural differences, population differences, and social differences.  However, when gun control was enacted in Washington DC, crime did not go down at all. Its also strange that many states notorious for gun control (California, New York) are also notorious for crime. However states like Vermont and South Carolina have lax gun laws yet much less crime than California or NY.
Oh, absolutely. The fact that the UK is far safer is really only a minor piece of evidence in this argument, although it is evidence.  There's also evidence that bigfoot exists, but that doesn't amount to much.  Because they didn't enforce it enough? Remember, I've shown that enforcement leads to reduced crime.  Dude, lemme try and make things understandable for you. In the places like California and New York and DC, where gun control is absolutely tight and crime is high regardless, the laws aren't going unenforced. To even get a gun, you need to get permission from the police to become a gun owner. The application process is very difficult, and it's not at all uncommon for it to be stretched out to over three years, just to find out you've been denied and need to start all over again.  Nobody in these places legally owns a gun without the police having full say it in. You can't buy a gun from anywhere in these states without the full written authority of the police, and then you have to register the with them as well.  Of course for the people in DC the laws are much worse. The ownership of handguns wasn't exactly banned per se, it was just that you couldn't own an unregistered handgun, and the registration program for handguns was terminated in 1977.  The "lack of enforcement" excuse doesn't fly in this case. Lack of enforcement is why criminals keep getting out two years into a ten year sentence. Lack of enforcement isn't the reason that criminals are running around with guns and using them in an illegal manner.  The problem is that DC is unique among the other states in that it is a single city with a population density of ~9,000. That's really quite hard a place to enforce laws in.  The population of Washington DC is about 570,000. New York City on the other hand, has a population size around 8,000,000. So don't tell me that Washington DC is so damn hard to police and enforce the laws in, it really ain't that big or that crowded.
Equally interesting that the capital city of Vermont (Montpellier) has a population density of 784 per square mile and Vermont has a total p.d. of 65.8/sq.mil, whereas California has a p.d. of 233.8/sq.mil and four major cities with p.d.'s of 8,205 (LA), 3,871.5 (San Diego), 5216.3 (San Jose) and 16,380 (San Fransisco). It's also interesting to note that although there is a difference between the laws of the US states regarding gun control, there is very little to differentiate between states (with the exception of DC, which is excusable because of it's unique status amongst the US states). The minutae of legality is largely irrelevant unless there is a large difference between populations.   Source?   Uh, several sources I've quoted at you disagree. Gun defence is rarely used - true on it's own, but especially in comparison with the number of illegal uses of guns. Do I really have to go and find my PubMed sources again?  Your sources are for the (M)U(C)K, not the US.  The rest of your post has been destroyed sufficiently, I think.  Do I sense overconfidence here?
You miss my point entirely. I'm not saying that people in DC are still selling legal guns despite the ban, I'm saying that there is insufficient activity to remove handguns from those who already illegally possess them. My link shows that when such enforcement is put into effect, there are 'significant' results.  Yeah I guess you're right, those pesky things like constitutional rights really get in the way of enforcing the laws on the books. The Fourth Amendment really gets in the way of the police being able to carry out a warrantless raid on somebody's home to ensure that they don't have illegal guns anywhere. Maybe we should be more like Britain and have far less obstacles that would get in the way of official police business.  DC has a population density of ~9000 people per square mile, as stated above. From Ripskar's data (above) there were 57 murders per 10,000 people, or (to standardise) 5.7 murders per 100,000 people.  New York City has a whopping population density of 27,147 people per square mile. However, the FBI database (via Wikipedia) tells me that there were 7.3 murders per 100,000 people. Compare that with the 5.7 in DC and you've quite nicely proved my point.  Your point is flawed because you changed the number of DC murders to something much lower simply for the sake of argument. It doesn't work that way. DC has hundreds of firearm-related deaths each year, so considering their low population levels the rate would have to be 57 murders per 100,000 people.
Well... given that Archangel has yet to respond to any of the 'ripping apart', I'd say it's fairly well placed confidence.   Don't take Archangels refusal to roll around in the mud with you as a sign of victory. It just means that I don't choose to waste my time going back and forth with you. The only thing you rip apart on a consistent basis around here is truth and common sense.
YES, forcing gangs to settle for converted imitation firearms is a good thing as no one has been able to commit a murder with them. emoticon_xgood  So...you're perfectly alright with there being violent crime so long as people aren't being killed?
At least it's a step in the right direction.  Let it be noted that the British guy has answered yes, that they'll be perfectly willing to put up with all instances of violent crime against themselves and others so long as nobody is getting killed as a direct result of the criminals having all the power in this equation.
I didn't say that. Violent crime is bad mmkay.  You said you're alright with criminals having imitation guns, which most people aren't going to be able to tell is a phony, so they can continue using the threat of harm to rob people and avoid confrontation from potential victims. That's support for violent crime.  PS Are you prepared to admit that living in the USA is more dangerous than living in the UK yet?  Such a statement is faulty because there are so many variable to factor in. But long story short, I'm content to continue living in America, because I know that if I need to then I can defend myself, against man or beast. You can argue that in the UK you don't need to defend yourself so it's safer, but that doesn't change the fact that you really can't defend yourself.
Would you rather be killed, or wounded?  For the sake of argumentative purposes, what method of harm that could result in either death or injury, am I facing? Am I being being shot in the chest or stabbed in the chest? Have I got a gun to my head or a knife to my throat?
Not so. I have a hockey stick, and (more importantly) a window that leads to the outside world... that's all I need.  I've read your laws regarding the use of force. I hate to tell you this but the criminals have more rights than you do. You might be able to knock them down, but you can't hurt them or they can turn right around and sue you for something like the use of excessive force and causing serious bodily harm.  Uh, he said 'alright' where the alternative was that they carry real guns. I'm still struggling to see how you consider this to be a bad thing. Would you rather you were robbed by criminals using an imitation gun, or a real gun?  Well if I'm unable to tell the difference between a real gun and an imitation gun, it doesn't really make much of a difference now does it?  Unless you notice something that isn't right, like the muzzle being extremely small and not likely capable of firing a real bullet, the question of "Is that gun real or is it fake?" isn't going to be something going through your mind. All you're gonna see is a bad guy with a gun.
Why would I want to harm them more than to knock them down? I'm not for lynch mob mentality ('justice' at the personal level), remember?  Maybe because for all intended purposes the person who crawled in through the window is intent on causing you bodily harm? Or maybe because you're human and when the fight or flight response is triggered and set to fight you wind up treating the situation as life-threatening and want to make sure that you don't get hurt?  A problem with simply knocking down an attacker is that they can just as easily get back up again. If you can only shove them to the ground then that might make them mad and then they really would kill you. If you can disable them, like causing them a great amount of pain or breaking their kneecap, then they're not going to want to do anything except lay on the ground or try and get away.  If you get robbed and no-one is harmed, how is it a 'violent' crime? If you get robbed and someone is harmed, this is more likely to be the case with a gun involved. Undeniably so.  Alright lemme see if I can explain this to you. I've done a lot of studying on the laws regarding self-defense and protecting yourself. As the law currently is, if you introduce the use of a weapon of any kid, be it a knife or a gun or a hammer or a broken broom stick, that becomes assault with a deadly weapon and it's considered a violent crime even if nothing violent happened, because the violence and threat of harm was implied by producing the item in question.  I don't know how it is over there, but violence can simply be implied and the crime gets considered as a violent crime.
...if I broke their kneecap, or they broke their kneecap falling over, would they really have grounds to (successfully) sue me if I claimed that it was in a fight in which I was not the aggressor? That's quite different to finding criminals with gunshot wounds in their backs...  There's currently a case over here where a criminal fell through the roof of a homeowner, who ordered him to get out, he resisted and was subsequently shot by the homeowner. He then sued the homeowner for use of excessive force and the case was allowed to go to trial even though the plaintiff had to admit his guilt to the crime.  Here's another issue with your "reasonable force" ideas. Let's say you do have an attacker inside your home or apartment and you do knock them down. Let's say that for the sake of the argument they fall like an idiot and wind up hurting themself because they didn't know how to land properly. Now they have grounds to charge you with excessive force because they got hurt on your property and you were involved.  What you guys deserve to have over there is what we're slowly getting over here one state at a time; the castle doctrine. This law states, amongst other things, that a criminal can't file charges against you if they were hurt in the commission of a crime. It also says that you're allowed to use whatever amount of force is necessary if you feel that you're in danger of bodily harm or death.  But a replica gun /isn't/ a 'deadly weapon' no matter how you skew it, so the crime just becomes intimidation, surely? It's not the threat, it's the 'deadly' bit which makes it a 'violent assault'.  Not over here. So many police have faced mocked-up BB guns that laws have been passed that state using a fake gun in the commission of a crime will be treated the same as if the gun was real, and personally I think this is a good idea.  When a criminally-inclined individual produces a weapon of any sort, that shows that they aren't reasonable, that shows that they're fully intent on causing violence against you.
That's not quite the same as successfully suing someone - that would be if the court case won. That is what i doubt would happen.  Maybe, but the fact that a criminal can admit their guilt and sue the innocent party that injured them is just insane. In a way they're waving their fifth amendment rights in trying to sue somebody, because to do such they need to incriminate themselves as having been involved in a crime in order to have a leg to stand on.  Again, I doubt very much that this would succeed in court. Besides, what's to stop the criminal hitting his head on a wall and ten claiming you did it? What's to stop them doing that if you happen to meet in a quiet alleyway?  Good question, what is stopping them right now?  Doesn't this (as you've worded it) allow paranoid schizophrenics to run rampage? Doesn't it also give give unjust power to the homeowner - who can (yes, I'm using it a lot recently) assume a lynch mob mentality, do whatever he likes to the trespasser and then claim it was justified?  Anybody can claim it if they want, but the police are still going to investigate the incident to see if you're telling the truth. If they have evidence that supports your claim then the law specifies that an overzealous District Attorney can't recommend that you face criminal charges anyway. But if the evidence is to the contrary, the castle doctrine isn't gonna help you one bit.  I thought this was 'treated by the police at the time', not 'treated by the law after the facts are known'. It justified police shooting kids with BB guns who may have been carrying a deadly weapon - something I'm uncertain about but which is probably just about justifiable.  Well because police training is responsible for them treating the sight of a realistic-looking fake weapon as a real weapon, and so much public outcry over criminal youth being shot when they weren't lethally armed, these laws are being passed.  If someone produces a fake gun it doesn't prove that they're intent on causing violence. It proves they're intent on intimidating you.  Maybe over there, not over here though.
It doesn't matter that they waive their rights. Anyone who chooses not to buy a gun is doing this.  There's a difference in this instance. The fifth amendment is there so you don't have to incriminate yourself as having done something wrong.  If a criminal broke into a house, was beaten and raped and then let go, would you say that the homeowner should not be punished?  Alright, that's kind of funny in a way. That'd definitely show some forethought and planning ahead of time.  It's your house. I'm fairly sure you could make up a story that isn't on line with the truth.  Police still have the authority to search and gather evidence. If you get in the way they charge you with obstructing justice. If you lie you're charged with that too.  That's my point. The law is to protect the police at the time of the incident, not to prosecute an individual after the fact.  The point is, use of a fake weapon will still result in real charges. At least over here it will.  Someone with a fake gun doesn't have intent to cause violence, because he doesn't have the means to cause violence.  Excuse me? What'd you say? Somebody without a weapon doesn't have the means to actually cause violence? You're saying that an unarmed man can't have intent to cause violence since he's unarmed? That's positively crazy and plain nonsense.  Just because you're unarmed doesn't mean that you have no intent or means to harm someone. You can face charges for beating somebody to a bloody pulp with your bare hands.
Huh? I missed what you're saying entirely, sorry. Are you saying the criminal would plan to be raped? Or the homeowner planned to rape the criminal?  I'm saying it'd require some forethought if the homeowner raped the criminal. Part of me wants to laugh because the possibility of that happening never even occurred to me before.  You mean, 'caught' lying. I'm not suggesting, I'm just saying that it's a plausible outcome.  Possible perhaps, but just about anything is possible.  This may be - I'm afraid I'm going to ask for a source that say that producing a replica gun results in charging with attempt to cause violence, however, because the law doesn't make sense to me (see below).  I can't site the exact law, only the news outlet that releases the details.  But the fact that he suddenly produces a fake gun doesn't suddenly mean that he has the intent to cause violence, is my point. The fake gun is moot. However, if the gun was real, then it would be much more serious...  Maybe over there, but over here that just isn't the case.
AA is a self declared Evangelical Fundie. Where he's concerned the Bible comes into everything, including this.  Where "he's concerned" being the relevant point. You bring me into a debate I wasn't even participating in at this juncture.
Do you believe in Gun Control? Personally, I think we should have some gun control laws, but only what's needed. In fact, I think America's gun control laws should be less strict. They banned assault weapons, saying that they have no legitimate sporting purpose. But the second amendment doesn't mention sporting, it's about organizing a militia in case of an invasion! But I don't think anyone with a history of serial felonies should be allowed to own a gun, or anyone with a mental problem of some kind. emoticon_xkill
Instead I would say that there are some good gun laws and some good concepts, such as, as you said, felons being denied access to weapons. I would add a ban on modern cannonry, child purchases of weapons, brandishing, carying while drunk, etc. We already have these laws, although they, in my opinion, need some work.  Gun control is a myth. The laws are only good if someone is following them. A convicted felon is not allowed to have a gun - but a significant percentage do!   A felon does not loose is 4th, 5th, and 6th amendment rights because of a conviction. Why the second? Fact is - again - laws can't prevent anyone from obtaining a gun.  The second amendment says, ... "shall not be infringed." I support no gun control. I do support VERY strong penalties for using a gun to commit a crime. That will take the criminals off the street and with them off the street there are no gun control concerns.
So you support allowing a 10 y/o to buy an Uzi and carry it into a federal court house or school as long as he does not commit a crime? Wow.   And your logic about taking criminals off the street and then having no gun control concerns would be perfect...if we had a finite number of criminals. We don't. New murderers and theives and carjackers and dope dealers and bank robbers and child rapists are born every day.  Okay fair enough, voice of reason - the assumption was that we were talking about adults.  And these new murders... get guns now correct? And they are released rather quickly back into the system correct? Assuming they are "new" then they can buy a gun legally now. Assuming the are repeat offenders then they can still get a gun if they want one. Drugs are illegal yet easy to get - same with guns. My point is - if you use a gun in a the comission of a crime then the penality should be VERY severe. Most crimes are committed by repeat offenders.
What question I want answered is "How do you interperet the Second Amendment?"  Note: I don't want any non-Americans say "The second amendment" doesn't apply to me. Non-Americans may post, but I want interperetations, not evasions. For all not-Americans, the second amendment reads "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the People to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."  
Militia members should keep their muzzle-loaders cleaned and ready for defence of their nation. Civilians with other types of gun should be shot on sight by them.  Are you high on crack? Do US soldiers use muzzle-loaders? How are you supposed to have a successful militia with 1700s garbage? And anyhow, who are the militia members? Anybody! Some 700 lb guy who can't even get off the couch could be considered part of a militia if he had a gun. Hell, if my town got invaded and a bunch of armed citizens gathered on Main Street, that would be a militia. The US military hasn't used muskets since the Civil war, because we have new, more useful equipment. Our soldiers need good weapons in Iraq. Same over here. We can't defend our home country with muskets! We need weapons that'll keep you alive to fight longer.
I know. I want to argue. I love arguing over gun rights &#9786;.
 Gun control laws that DO have a crime control element are, IMO, good.  Gun haters who want to ban guns chant this lie. Gun haters who want to ban the right to bear arms chant this lie. No gun control laws have a crime control element because criminals don't obey laws!
There's a difference between revenge and self-defence.
This is true. However, the two reasons for there being 'laws' are deterrent and penalisation - self-defence, and revenge. You and DLH have repeatedly said that 'gun laws won't affect criminals because criminals don't obey laws' - you are, in effect, saying that the 'deterrent/self-defence' part of the law is irrelevant. All that is left, therefore, is the penalisation/revenge side.  In short, if you think that gun control will not affect the amount of gun violence then you should also state that law as a preventative measure does not work. In which case, why have laws? The only reason left to you is to penalise the criminal for what they have already done - in other words, get revenge.  So if a crook breaks into your house, looks at you, raises his knife, charges at you, and you shoot him a split second before your potential demise, it's revenge?
Why would he do that? He's a crook, not a murderer.  That's not funny.
Anyhow, both of you tried to change the subject. NICE TRY!!! The question is, would it be revenge if you shot someone who is about to kill you?
Language of the poll is a bit vague. I'm a gun owner who do believe in some gun control. I definitely do not believe in outright bans on "specific" weapons, as in California.  So, we all should have the RIGHT to bear any arms we deem fit. If you decide to shot somebody, you should be tried for murder or attempted murder.   The condition of immediate physical injury or death must be present before you can fire. Training and conditioning should be part of all gun owners. Civilian defensive firearms training will condition your brain to acknowledge weapons (ie. knives, guns, bats, etc) as a sign of danger.  I've listened to interviews with imprisoned career burglars, their fears are breaking into a house, turning down an unfamiliar corridor, and looking down a barrel of a gun. emoticon_xkill
And that fear of "looking down a barrel of a gun" may motivate the burglar to obtain a gun, thus becoming a greater threat to innocent people.  The cold hard fact is this. The "innocent people" have two options: 1) Be proactive. Own one firearm, be responsible, and train. emoticon_xkill  2) Step aside, present no threat to the burglar and allow yourself to be robbed.   If you want to say, the "innocent" can wield a bat for defense. Then I will then argue, the burglar will still "one-up" your bat with a machete or a gun. emoticon_ic   Either way, if you decide to defend yourself, you're escalating the problem. So it's a personal choice now.
The beauty of living in the USA. We have the choice to defend ourselves... or walk (run) away. That is a right nobody should be denied.  In 2005 (only statistics I can find at the moment, US Dept of Justice), there was 0.1 victims of murder (with and without firearms) per 1,000 of the population over 12 years of age. For argument sake, let's say over 50% of these violent crimes are commited with some kind of firearm. Therefore, 0.05 murder victims per 1,000 of the population over 12 years of age; or transversely, for one victim there is one criminal, you can also say 0.00005% of the population is committing murder with firearms.   You would want to deny the rights of the masses by this percentage? Does that sound fair to you?  BTW, You can make statistics say anything. Especially when playing with percentages. emoticon_xdonno
So, why would strict background checks and waiting periods on guns not be effective? Why would gun control proponents not be satisfied with this? This makes sure that guns are only in the right hands, and isn't that what everyone wants?
Attacking someone is not defending yourself. Attacking someone is attack. A gun is an offensive weapon, not defensive - if you want to defend your home, buy a decent burglar alarm and/or surveillance equipment, or a safe room.  What if you can't afford that? Let them invade your home? And the police won't be there instantly. It can be hours before they arrive. This gives the intruder plenty of time to take what they want and escape.   Not quite. This table shows that there are ~ 10,000 murders per year by firearm in the US. That's 0.0033%, not 0.00005% - which would equate to a piffling ~150 deaths. I think it's worth decreasing 10,000 murders per year, if only by a small percentage. If a 'right' puts innocents at risk, it shouldn't be a 'right'.[/QUOTE]  Your beloved table shows number of people killed, not number of people killing.  That would be fine - but I would add in the extra condition that 'self defence' is not a valid reason for owning a gun. See the UK system of gun ownership.  How does that help if you don't have UK violent crime rates.
 Fair enough, but I am arguing to limit that right, so this doesn't much convince me. The main argument for the historical context of the right to bear arms is the means to form a millitia against an invading army - somewhat out of date, 250 years later.   This is wrong on so many levels. It has been discussed in great detail in other areas of this forum, so it's not worth reposting again.  I have no problem with this. What I do have, is the problem shown here and here (all references to 'shoot them first'). This is the way that gun use seems to be taking America.  So when somebody breaks into your home, you have to wait for them to shoot you before you act? I think it's pretty safe to say a person breaking into your home is not there to bring you flowers and chocolates. The act of breaking and entering is in itself enough of an offense to warrant deadly force.  Or provide the weak with an oppertunity to threaten and attack the strong. It works both ways.   The difference is the weak people you are talking about in this case are criminals. They intend to break the law anyway, so all your gun control is going to do is disarm the law abiding citizens who have the right to defend themselves.  I've mentioned elsewhere that, given that your home has been invaded, having the criminal take what they want and leave is one of the better possible outcomes.  So you want a society where nobody stands up to criminals? Let's all just roll over and allow the criminals free reign on our homes and families. Do you think that's going to deter criminals more than an armed citizen?  Each and every case must be looked at on an individual basis - and for each case, you have to look at the consequences of taking away each 'right'. If the consequences are (in total) positive - as I believe a limit on firearms would be, then you have a justification for taking action. Simply quoting the constitution can not justify it - the only thing that this seems to be allowed for is 'holy' texts, on the basis that they are dictated by higher powers.  You have contradicted yourself here. First you say each and every case must be looked at on an individual basis. The very next sentence says we should look at the consequences in total, which is impossible if we follow what you said in the first sentence. What do you mean?  The constitution was written when this country was created and is considered the overall law that governs the land. Following it seems like a pretty reasonable justification for a point of view.
I have no problem with this. What I do have, is the problem shown  here and here (all references to 'shoot them first'). This is the way that gun use seems to be taking America.  Oh, so now your depicting us all as macho jerks, huh? Because two people in the world say that, then every single one of the million gun owners are jerks, eh?  Or provide the weak with an oppertunity to threaten and attack the strong. It works both ways.  So a skinny, ninety pound, 5'2 woman shouldn't be allowed to have a gun to defend herself against a 200 pound bodybuilding rapist? And would I just take a gun and pick a fight with the biggest guy I can find? Would the average gun owner do that?  I would excuse anyone for killing anyone in (what I would call) self defence - the heat of the moment. If the woman killed the man with a knife or a gun when there was no threat to her, I would condemn it. It's just easier to do this with a gun, and knives have legitimate purposes. I would be almost as dismayed to find that a woman was carrying around a kitchen knife in her purse as a gun.  I'm not sure if your government lets you know this, or wants to keep you ignorant about it, but the "elites" of society in your country can own guns. I guess us ordinary dirtbags just can't be trusted. A greedy, Jabba-the-Hutt tax collector who sits around all day fattening himself can be trusted, but a poor person who lives among murderers, thieves, and robbers isn't trustworthy no matter how good of a person he/she is. Typical greed. Your elites have the means to defend themselves, while you who are looked down on are simply untrustworthy. Also, what if they draw a gun on you? It's not hard to obtain guns illegally - any determined, intelligent person could do it. So what if they drew a gun at twenty feet? How fast could you close in on them? And anyhow, what would the ninety pound woman do against the rapist if she wasn't carrying a weapon? Should we all just walk around unarmed, and let ourselves become targets?  Fair enough, but I am arguing to limit that right, so this doesn't much convince me. The main argument for the historical context of the right to bear arms is the means to form a millitia against an invading army - somewhat out of date, 250 years later.  Who are the militia members? Do you think there's supposed to be some official militia group or something? The militia members are citizens. If my town was invaded, armed citizens could assemble in main street and form a militia. Also, why don't we ban the right to free speech, freedom of the press, and hell, we don't need fair trials. After all, this stuff is out of date after 250 years. Your argument lacks some logic, as you might say.   Each and every case must be looked at on an individual basis - and for each case, you have to look at the consequences of taking away each 'right'. If the consequences are (in total) positive - as I believe a limit on firearms would be, then you have a justification for taking action. Simply quoting the constitution can not justify it - the only thing that this seems to be allowed for is 'holy' texts, on the basis that they are dictated by higher powers.  Ironically, you say "individual basis" then "in total".  Heh, nice question. But again, it is based on the current constitution. Should guns be controlled, that would give people the right to demand that you surrender your weapons, just as the state currently demends that you hand over all terrorists, drugs and illegal material.  emoticon_wow So let's have the gestapo come to our door for Hitler to accelerate his plans.  I've mentioned elsewhere that, given that your home has been invaded, having the criminal take what they want and leave is one of the better possible outcomes.  I guess you're right. I'd really like to lose everything I own, family heirlooms, antiques that they don't make anymore, irreplacable items with sentimental value.  I was using NoobDebator's assertation that "for one victim there is one criminal". To do otherwise throws his logic out the window either way.  One person can kill several people. You make it sound as if this is impossible. You haven't thought about that, have you?
I was going to do much research for arguing against gun control... but I happily stumbled on this document. See here.  All the arguments by gun control advocates are addressed (as far as I can read). So it seems to me, gun control laws are really just a way for others, who claim they are more "evolve" to impose their own set of morals on the rest of us.
Sort of like the profetallife screamers!!!  If you're going to post here, you could at least express your opinion. Pro gun or anti gun?
I'm for a few laws, like keeping them away from felons, mentally, etc those kinds of things. I am NOT for complete bans on certain type of firearm (i.e Assault Weapons, etc), or licensing (it's useless), registering, or banning gun shows (evidence shows that a very small percentage of criminals get them at gun shows, there is no point in banning them), safety locks (that is the responsibility of the owner), requirements on guns to be safe (chamber loaded indicators, magazine disconnects, the latter which can cause a fire arm to be unreliable).   I agree with you on most of these thinks. But I do think that we should have safety locks because they do save lives. And I know way too many rednecks (while I am a gunowner, I usually don't like to be thought of as "redneck") who are just too proud to put safety locks on their guns. And besides, all you have to do to turn a safety lock off is push a button. And I think guns should be safe. Other than that I totally agree with you.
