Does private gun ownership deter crime ?   http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/gun_crime_deterrence.HTM
If it does deter crime then we would see some sort of correlation between high gun ownership and low crime.  Murders Per Capita http://www.nationmaster.com/graph/cri_mur_percap-crime-murders-per-capita  It is very hard to find decent stats on this, mainly because the way Governments collect data.   I would say factors like poverty are more likely to be a factor in high crime rate than gun ownership.
"Professors James D. Wright and Peter Rossi surveyed 2,000 felons incarcerated in state prisons across the United States. Wright and Rossi reported that 34% of the felons said they personally had been "scared off, shot at, wounded, or captured by an armed victim"; 69% said that they knew at least one other criminal who had also; 34% said that when thinking about committing a crime they either "often" or "regularly" worried that they "[m]ight get shot at by the victim"; and 57% agreed with the statement, "Most criminals are more worried about meeting an armed victim than they are about running into the police."   Armed and Considered Dangerous: A Survey of Felons and Their Firearms (1986). See Guns and Public Health: Epidemic of Violence or Pandemic of Propaganda? by Don B. Kates, et. al. Originally published as 61 Tenn. L. Rev. 513-596 (1994). And then, OTOH, those who use a firearm to defend themselves are the least likely group to sustain injuries in an incident. They were even less likely to be injured than those who offered no resistance.  "At a minimum, victims use guns to attack or threaten the perpetrators in . . . about 70,000 times per year--according to NCVS data for recent years. These victims were less likely to report being injured than those who either defended themselves by other means or took no self-protective measures at all. Thus, while 33 percent of all surviving robbery victims were injured, only 25 percent of those who offered no resistance and 17 percent of those who defended themselves with guns were injured. For surviving assault victims, the corresponding injury rates were, respectively, 30 percent, 27 percent, and 12 percent."   USDoJ, National Institute of Justice - Firearms and Violence, Jeffrey A. Roth 
What percentages of the non-survivors did or did not use guns?
  I don 't really care what you think and as i future law enforcement officer, i am glad that the supreme court will rule in favor of the d.c gun ban in a few months.  The lower court decision in Heller striking down the DC gun ban is going to be upheld. I expect the decision will be 9 - 0 to uphold the lower court's decision but I also expect Breyer, Stevens and Souter to only concur in part and write a separate opinion explaining differences based on political and sociological positions. There is going to be an agreement on the fundamental constitutional principle of federal protection of an individual right but their argument will be "times have changed' so we must apply an "evolved" basis of scrutiny. I don't think they will argue an evolving "living" constitution, that the "meaning" of the Constitution has changed, just that our legal, enforceable adherence to those fundamental principles must yield to modern pressures. (Which of course is BS but they're liberals so we need to give them a break)  After that decision comes down you will need to completely revamp your entire position on how to deal with armed violent criminals. You will need to begin blaming and focusing on armed violent criminals as the cause of violent crime instead of focusing on restricting the rights of the law-abiding.   I realize as a current student in an American institution of higher learning infested with leftist professors this might come as a shock to you . . .   Oh well . . .
Thats a well constructed paragraph. Im proud of you.  Why thank you for the compliment; I know it is a shock that a gun rights supporter can communicate on a level above that of sitting in their own excrement clicking two rocks together.  Thats your opinion as to what will happen. I don't agree.  Are you aware the Court has framed the specific question that it wants to hear argued?   Have you read the briefs?  Did you know 31 states have filed in support of Heller? That's almost enough for a Con-Con!  Did you know 55 Senators (plus the VP) and 250 Representatives have filed in support of Heller? (306 total vs. 18 House members filing for DC emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_xclown )  If DC comes in pontificating about gun crime or how DC residents want the ban or other arguments not related to the direct constitutional questions presented, the Court will cut and dice the DC attorneys.  The supreme court has ruled in favor of the second amendment being a collective right in United States vs. Miller, Presser v. Illinios, but most notably in United States v. Warren.   The "collective" theory is dead and has never had any life breathed into it by SCOTUS. It is an illegitimate creation of the lower federal courts that only infests their decisions.   The theory was incorrect and illegitimate by SCOTUS precedent when it was first penned in 1942 and is even more wrong today after PRINTZ v UNITED STATES. The 2nd Amendment has never been inspected for illumination of any militia power, federal or state. More importantly, it has never been claimed by any state as an immunity from federal preemption of state militia powers; which is inexplicable if the Amendment had the action the "state's right" or "collective right" supporters claim. Warin is one of those Circuit court decisions of which I speak, NOT A SCOTUS DECISION.  There is a collective determination in Presser?? That's a hoot! Presser makes it clear that the scope and action of the 2nd Amendment does not speak at all to the states and their militia regulation power. If it did, the Court would have applied the Amendment's scope and restriction on the federal government's "overreaching" in deciding an issue of purely state militia power, not the state militia law requiring a permit for an armed march by private citizens.   If the 2nd had the action you claim, SCOTUS could not have heard Presser!  It is clear SCOTUS believes the scope and action of the right protected by the 2nd Amendment is applied to and protects exclusively "all citizens capable of bearing arms" who "undoubtedly" are "the reserved military force or reserve militia of the United States as well as of the states," and that, "the states cannot, even laying the constitutional provision in question out of view, prohibit the people from keeping and bearing arms,". . .   The citizen's right to arms is secured by two layers of federal protection. First, explicitly by the 2nd Amendment and second, simply by the nature of our Constitution and the form of government it establishes. The promise that the Constitution shall forever provide a republican form of government grants the federal government an inferred power to keep that promise . . . To bind a state from acting in an un-republican manner, such as "prohibit[ing] the people from keeping and bearing arms,. . ."   Surely the same principle applies to DC, even laying the constitutional provision in question out of view. emoticon_smile emoticon_xgood emoticon_smile   DC v Heller can be decided without any reference to the 2nd Amendment because all the 2nd Amendment does is redundantly forbid the federal government to exercise powers that it does not possess.  I don't believe I have many leftist professors. I personally have been pounded into fully researching both sides of the arguement and understanding bais  Your position belies any claimed full examination of the evidence because your position is unsupportable after a full examination of the evidence.  But you are entitled to your opinion of my education if you want  Oh my, thank you so very much.  My opinion remains unchanged.
(Note that one of the "writings of approved commentators" cited by the Court was former Justice Joseph Story's work in which he claimed that the right to keep and bear arms "has justly been considered, as the palladium of the liberties of a republic." 3 J. Story, Commentaries ยบ 1890, p. 746 (1833))  And people also forget that another work cited by the Miller Court as an "approved commentator" on this issue was Thomas Cooley's Principles of Constitutional Law. redsoxlvr13 would do himself a favor if he fully examines what the Miller Court endorsed as the meaning of the 2nd Amendment: [*]"It may be supposed from the phraseology of this provision that the right to keep and bear arms was only guaranteed to the militia; but this would be an interpretation not warranted by the intent. The militia, as has been elsewhere explained, consists of those persons who, under the law, are liable to the performance of military duty, and are officered and enrolled for service when called upon. But the law may make provision for the enrolment of all who are fit to perform military duty, or of a small number only, or it may wholly omit to make any provision at all; and if the right were limited to those enrolled, the purpose of this guaranty might be defeated altogether by the action or neglect to act of the government it was meant to hold in check. The meaning of the provision undoubtedly is, that the people, from whom the militia must be taken, shall have the right to keep and bear arms, and they need no permission or regulation of law for the purpose." It's interesting how the anti-rights side never mentions Cooley or Story or Tucker or Rawle but professes to have undergone a complete examination of the principles behind the 2nd Amendment . . .
Weve heard what the gun nuts have to say about the  second amendment and miller. Lets see what the courts have to say because they are a better authority than the gun nuts.  <SNIP<  So the fact is that if you dont belong to a government militia you dont have a right to have guns.  First things first, those lower federal court decisions do not direct the decisions of the Supreme Court. In actuality these lower court decisions all dismiss Miller's holding and substitute (actually create) their own reasoning for the denial of an individual's claim of 2nd Amendment protection (even though most cite Miller).  The American Bar Association has a great page with links to every 2ndA case. They are .pdf files but not that big. The page is HERE  These often cited lower court decisions are like a group of decrepit winos each leaning on the other for support. When all of them are standing together screaming in unison it seems to be an invincible wall of noise; but if you were to take one aside for examination there is only incoherence and illogical babbling. If you are so inclined we could examine each of your winos and scrutinize their gibberish.  Let's start with Cases v US, the very first 2ndA federal case after US v Miller. Those lower court decisions dismissing the individual right begin in 1942 with the 1st circuit's Cases decision. Cases recognizes and fully and correctly explains Miller's holding but dismisses it as "outdated" and ignores its determinations and direction. After quoting Miller's "In the absence of evidence" paragraph the Cases court says: [*]"Apparently, then, under the Second Amendment, the federal government can limit the keeping and bearing of arms by a single individual as well as by a group of individuals, but it cannot prohibit the possession or use of any weapon which has any reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia. However, we do not feel that the Supreme Court in this case was attempting to formulate a general rule applicable to all cases. The rule which it laid down was adequate to dispose of the case before it and that we think was as far as the Supreme Court intended to go. At any rate the rule of the Miller case, if intended to be comprehensive and complete would seem to be already outdated, in spite of the fact that it was formulated only three and a half years ago, because of the well know fact that in the so called 'Commando Units' some sort of military use seems to have been found for almost any modern lethal weapon." So, Cases recognizes Miller speaks only of the weapon and whether it has useful military application and thus 2nd Amendment protection. Cases decides if that is the Miller "rule," then it is "already outdated" because the shotgun Miller said was not, "any part of the ordinary military equipment" could, just 3-1/2 years later, be proved so.   This court offers no reason how or why Supreme Court decisions on constitutional principle are subject to being declared "outdated" or how a lower court is to legitimately decide when that occurs or how far that lower court can diverge from a SCOTUS decision because it is "outdated." Cases v US continues: [*]"In view of this, if the rule of the Miller case is general and complete, the result would follow that, under present day conditions, the federal government would be empowered only to regulate the possession or use of weapons such as a flintlock musket or a matchlock harquebus. But to hold that the Second Amendment limits the federal government to regulations concerning only weapons which can be classed as antiques or curiosities,-- almost any other might bear some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia unit of the present day,-- is in effect to hold that the limitation of the Second Amendment is absolute." So the Cases court recognizes that if the 2nd's protection grows and expands with technology the federal government would only have the ability of regulating those arms that have been superceded by the new "in common use at the time" arms. This court now realizes just about any gun is immune from federal controls at this point and it reluctantly but unequivocally says . . .  [*]"Another objection to the rule of the Miller case as a full and general statement is that according to it Congress would be prevented by the Second Amendment from regulating the possession or use by private persons not present or prospective members of any military unit, of distinctly military arms, such as machine guns, trench mortars, anti-tank or anti-aircraft guns, even though under the circumstances surrounding such possession or use it would be inconceivable that a private person could have any legitimate reason for having such a weapon. It seems to us unlikely that the framers of the Amendment intended any such result." And there is the nitty gritty unavoidable, undeniable bottom line of the "meaning" of US v Miller. The court expresses how uncomfortable they are with what they imagine to be the inevitable societal implications of the Miller rule being applicable at their present time. But now the judges were faced with a dilemma. The binding precedent could afford them no comfort, the law was a bed of nails. This realization forced them to turn to their only solace, the only place where judges can mold and create what they want to decide like putty, . . . the facts of the case before them. It was time to make some lemonade. [*]"We therefore turn to the record in the case at bar. From it it appears that on or about August 27, 1941, the appellant received into his possession and carried away ten rounds of ammunition, and that on the evening of August 30 of the same year he went to Annadale's Beach Club on Isla Verde in the municipality of Carolina, Puerto Rico, equipped with a .38 caliber Colt type revolver of Spanish make which, when some one turned out the lights, he used, apparently not wholly without effect, upon another patron of the place who in some way seems to have incurred his displeasure. While the weapon may be capable of military use, or while at least familiarity with it might be regarded as of value in training a person to use a comparable weapon of military type and caliber, still there is no evidence that the appellant was or ever had been a member of any military organization or that his use of the weapon under the circumstances disclosed was in preparation for a military career. In fact, the only inference possible is that the appellant at the time charged in the indictment was in possession of, transporting, [FN3] and using the firearm and ammunition purely and simply on a frolic of his own and without any thought or intention of contributing to the efficiency of the well regulated militia which the Second Amendment was designed to foster as necessary to the security of a free state. We are of the view that, as applied to the appellant, the Federal Firearms Act does not conflict with the Second Amendment to the Constitution of the United States."  Let's review for a moment . . . The Cases court thus far opined that they don't feel Miller created any hard and fast rule to be used by the courts but IF they did, that rule is outdated because almost all guns would be immune from federal oversight. Then they opine on what the founders intent was in securing the citizen's right to arms, of course without one quote or citation. Now they make the incredible leap of stipulating the state of mind of the person claiming a 2nd Amendment right as a condition for protection. The Cases court changed the rules, they required that the person, as a prerequisite to maintaining a Second Amendment claim, have as his intent in using the firearm, essentially his paramount concern, the maintenance and preservation of the militia! If the gun isn't used by the military, its use is only protected if that use is "in preparation for a military career."   The obvious explanation for the Cases decision is the court felt that, as a matter of public policy, any meaningful limitation upon the government's power to restrict private ownership of firearms was unacceptable. The court felt the need to sustain the status quo and decided the case accordingly, opining that the framers of the Second Amendment did not intend it to present an impediment to the government in this regard. That is I feel, the ultimate insult to the framers and the First Circuit.  This case was not decided on the law or precedent or the intent of the framers. It was decided for political reasons, none of which had as their concern, adherence to the Constitution, endurance of the founding principles or the continuation of this Republic.  So, if you (or anyone else) is game for a case by case examination feel fee to rebut my analysis of Cases v US and then read the next case, (a real doozy), but the genesis of the "state's right" theory in the federal courts, US v Tot.  Awaiting your reply . . .
I'm talking about a different historian than the one you remember. Here's a quote from an article by Cornell:  <SNIP<  Cornell is a man on an island of ever decreasing population. His theories have been under constant and foundational evolution as the state / collective "right" theory has had the flesh flayed from it.   Any author that must be so self-referential (5 cites in 14 footnotes) has serious problems with substantiating his claims. In the article you quote from Cornell he chooses as his primary target for rebuttal a guy's dissertation that has never been submitted for publication and is not publicly available in any law review archive.  His use of Tucker is amusing at best drawing an illogical conclusion from a rhetorical argument Tucker made as a law professor.   Tucker isn't saying that there is no individual RKBA just that if a state were to choose to arm its citizens that would not be a dangerous thing nor violative of Art I, ยง8 federal powers. In fact, to consider it dangerous (because those arms could be used against the federal government) would be to belie the fundamental principles of freedom in America . . . Why would putting arms in the hands of citizens be argued as dangerous, after all, Congress had the wisdom of ratifying the 2nd Amendment which secured the right of the citizens to keep and bear arms just for that purpose! Cornell misses the actual topic of the discussion, putting arms in the citizen's hands and argues for the opposite. F'n amazing!  His analysis of Aymette is suspect also . . . I note he does not quote page 158 from Aymette that is usually cited in gun rights cases (i.e., Miller) but chooses a later passage from page 159 that, without the context of the theory laid out two paragraphs before, is subject to the massaging Cornell exercises. On 158 we find; [*]"As the object for which the right to keep and bear arms is secured, is of general and public nature, to be exercised by the people in a body, for their common defence, so the arms, the right to keep which is secured, are such as are usually employed in civilized warfare, and that constitute the ordinary military equipment. If the citizens have these arms in their hands, they are prepared in the best possible manner to repel any encroachments upon their rights by those in authority." That passage holds the key to where anti-gunrights people go off the rails. They are taking Aymette's (and Miller's) simple explanation of the "object" of the amendment and applying it to the pre-existing individual right merely recognized and secured by the amendment. Re-read the last sentence of the quote above . . . Wouldn't an act of government declaring that only a select, approved class of gun bearers shall exercise the right to keep and bear arms be exactly the type of illegitimate governmental action the citizens should repel?  "The object for which the right . . . is secured" does not in any way permit the thought that the provision creates the right or that such reasoning limits the right. No power was ever granted to government to impact the private arms of the citizen so none exists to do so.  All of the individual right extinguishing theories must violate that fundamental tenet; the mindset must be that the right flows from government and the 2nd is merely a permission slip.  That premise is wrong because all the 2nd Amendment does is redundantly forbid the federal government to exercise powers that it does not posses.  Cornell is a hack and so is his lapdog Konig.
I want to see the qualifications on Saul Cornell. I remember one noted historian writing a book about how gun ownership was rare in colonial times and he wound up being exposed as a liar and discredited.  You are talking about Michael Bellesiles work, Gun Laws in Early America: The Regulation of Firearms Ownership, 1607-1794.  The article Galileo quotes and links is full of references and citations to Bellesiles book. That should tell you what you need to know. . .
The Presser v. Illinois case said that the Second Amendment only restricts what Congress can do. So wouldn't that mean that the D.C. Court violated Supreme Court precedent when they said that the handgun ban in D.C. was unconstitutional? The D.C. gun was not a law passed by Congress.  DC City Council is a entity created by Congress and falls completely under the limitations that bind Congress, including the Bill of Rights. Congress can't create a "no constitution here" zone, at least on US soil. Gitmo is another story ;) .  It was Cruikshank that said the 2nd has only one purpose, to bind the federal government. Presser was only quoting Cruikshank.  You got nothing on my post on Cornell??????
What did the Founding Fathers intend with the Second Amendment?   http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/SECONDAMENDMENT.HTM
Why is it dangerous?
According to current law all male citizens between the ages of (I think it is) 17 and 45 are part of the militia.
Anybody but commies!!emoticon_frazzled
For those who claim that the 2nd Am. protects even the right to have WMDs: surely Saddam Hussein and Kim Yong Il cannot be denied the same right, right?  When used as a threat to the United States, no they don't have that right, squash them and those like them. Pound them into submission becuase if they have the power we have then they would damn sure do the same and if you think they wouldn't you are living in a dream world and really really need to grow up.
Should Background Checks be required at Gun Shows ?  http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/GUN_SHOW_REGULATIONS.htm
You guys beat me too it, I get the next comment by VOR!
Boy he is so easily mislead, VOR if Sarah Brady released a report that said that the quality of life in China is better than here would you move to China?
where did you hear the ak47 thing? sounds like they are eazy to make
If somebody gives me that damned "That's different, guns are meant for killing but cars are made for traveling" argument, I'm gonna send them to the demolition durby.What's a durby?
voiceofreason,   Please stay on topic of "why gun control won't work"
Good theory, rarely practiced. Personally, I am pretty sure that if they passed a law tommorow banning all guns, the majority of gun owners would be standing in line by 5:00 PM to turn in their guns. There would be some holdouts, but not as many as we would like to think.   Well I say less than half.. Even the spineless canadians are refusing...  http://proliberty.com/observer/20010115.htm   lets say for arguments sake that 50% of the people have guns in the us... Out of that 50% just 1% decide to resist.... How many is that?
Except prostitution isn't even in the same league as murder.
Speak for yourself, dsa. I use a gun for transportation. I sit on a cart and then fire the gun in the opposite direction I want to go.
The right to firearms is provided by God?  lol Nowhere has any "god" commented on guns. The second amendment was written by men.
I give you, from The Federalist, Alexander Hamilton...  Does this sound like he is saying, "the government can dictate to anyone what kind of arms that they can own?"     No, it sounds like he's saying people should be able to have arms so they can be trained to the point where they can be considered a well-regulated militia.
"You should be concered about women who use their bodies illegally and the men who use them." -Kelvin  Yeah, well prostitution should be legalized. This comparison reminds me of two old men with obssessions- Hugh Hefner and Charlton Heston. Which person has benefited society more?  Hefner (the founder of Playboy magazine) increased our first amendment freedoms and therefore society benefited.   Heston of the NRA, on the other hand, probably just helped criminals and wackos gain easier access to guns. To quote Scott Adams:  WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU!!!!???
  Washington D.C. also passed a handgun ban. In 1987 a D.C. court ruled that- Washington, D.C. has by far the highest homicide and crime rates in the United States.
I love push polls... such a valuable way of collecting credible data.
The best way to protect your self is to find a different mode of transportion. You could not get me in a plane now adays. 3 hour wait the airport get frisked like a convict. Eat garbage for food and worry about some shumuck that might kill you. No way. I do not beleve that the goverment has worked out the bugs on planes. God gave me feet not wings. emoticon_xdonno
May I also suggest to firearms owners, to carefully edit from their rhetoric, any mention of them personally owning firearms. Who knows when these forums are being monitored?  What difference would that make? The BATFE (E for explosives, their power grows) already knows you own a firearm if you've ever had a NICS check. They're supposed to destroy the records, but who knows what they do? Might as well let it be known you have some personal experiance in this area. Gives you better grounds for debate than 'Joe Foreigner' who has never owned or possibly even seen a real firearm in person. Being part of the crowd and looking in from the outside make big differences when it comes to understanding.
Sidebar- Charlton Heston is racist XXXXX, and he has no tact going places where kids have just been killed to have pro-gun rallies.   He has no tact holding a required-by-law meeting in a location that was decided upon long before Columbine ?
some treasonous bastards are raping it for thier own political power. previously stated by rev. hellbound  They are not limiting our right to carry guns for their own political power. They do it for the sake of their patients and staff (in the hospital case). Why would you need to carry a gun to a hospital if you have no intent of using it. Why do the police carry guns?
How do you defend yourself? I cast "magic missile." :)
The police carry guns because they are in situations were deadly force may be required to save thier own life.  Right, but I was hoping Johnnis would answer the question.
Number of physicians in the U.S...........................................700,000 Accidental deaths caused by physicians per year...............120,000  Accidental deaths per physician...........................0.171  Number of gun owners in the U.S. ................................ 80,000,000 Number of accidental gun deaths per year (all age groups)......1,500  Accidental deaths per gun owner..................................0.0000188  Therefore, doctors are approximately 9,000 times more dangerous than gun owners!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Taken from the Internet.      Should we ban doctors?        i dont believe you
Your post was deleted due to name calling.
I see this entire site is argueing about gun control. I know, that's the post of the thread. However, there are a few other points of the documentary that I would like to question. I posted a thread under government before knowing that "Bowling for Columbine" was also there, and I'm just focusing on a different point.... ANYways. The film wasn't just about guns. It was about the fear of the people. I agree with him. We are afraid of one another. Now is that really necessary? It's one big vicious circle. We are afraid of one another, this causes to brash actions and reactions, and therefore we are even more afraid of each other. The town I live in.. Everyone locks their doors. Well, my dad deliberatley took every single lock out of this house. We have never been robbed. So I just wondering what society is trying to tell us. I'd just like a few more opinions on that.
I guess I'm just wondering why out of all the countries at our level, that ours is the violent one. And I don't mean war, I mean amongst ourselves.
Arm the homeless! ;)
Lol... this is just silly. Just because murder occurs even in countries (and places) where murder is illegal doesn`t make laws prohibiting murders useless emoticon_rolleyes
What exactly is a "gun free zone"?
Gun free zones are zones where law-abiding citizens are forbidden to have guns because law-abiding citizens obey the law about gun free zones. Gun free zones are zones where criminals will have guns because criminals will not obey the laws about gun free zones.  Hehe...the fact that carrying a gun would make you a criminal makes that statement a bit redundant.... But anyhow.  In essance it is a place where it is illegal to carry guns, right?  By using your logic, violence free zones (places where violence is illegal) would be pointless as it:  1: would not prevent individuals from comitting violence. Not even in prison-like conditions can you prevent 100% of the violence (as evidently, people are violent in prisons as well)  2: Violent free zones are zones where law abiding citizens ar forbidden to use violence because law abiding citizens obey the law about violent free zones. Violent free zones are zones where criminals will use violence because criminals will not obey the laws about violent free zones.  Or am I missing something? emoticon_confused
It always seemed a bit odd to me that an 18 yr old kid can jin the military and be given access to cannons, rocket launchers, mortars, machine guns and bombs, but we apparently cannot trust them with a 9mm or to drink a beer.  Odd to say the least.  I'm curious, how much does the military check on the recruits? I mean, do they do background checks and is there any restriction on joining?  I don't understand age limits on alcohol, anyway. I guess drinking to bodyweight maybe, so very young'uns don't kill themselves with alcohol poisoning. Is it really a trust issue?
I'm curious, how much does the military check on the recruits? I mean, do they do background checks and is there any restriction on joining? When I joined up I went through an SC check (the second level of clearance). Not sure what it checked but you fill out a load of forms and after a while they come back and say ok you're in! Of course this is the British military, things might be different in the States.  And of course access in the military to weapons is highly restricted and supervised to a level that would not be possible in civie street.
Requirements to join military......no felonies on record.........high school diploma.......willing to work for next to nothing.  Congratulations, you are in the army! They are considering dropping the high school diploma requirement because they are having trouble filling hteir quotas. They are thinking a GED style entry test instead, or just going off your ADSAP.  Gah. At least they train you to use the weapons correctly, yes?
In general I have a buddy in the army who couldn;t figure out how to load and fire an AK.    Wow... A monkey could figure that out!
Actually, it has some signifcant differences from most US made firearms that would hinder you from firing it without a bit of trail and error or priot knowledge. Take the magazine for instance. Most US firearms utilize a straight insert, detent-retention type. AKs on the other hand but be rocked into position. If you insert it straight, it won't fit/lock. Another is the saftery. The main types here are button, thumb lever and garand-style triggerguard. The AK though requires removal of the hand from the grip and to physically move the dust shielf/saftey downward. It's a big object and takes considerable movement to operate, not something an American accustomed to our firearms would realize off-hands since it's complete away from the grip area and an odd shape. Of course, it shouldn't take you too long to figure these features out if you take the time to look over it.   Actually the m14 had a very similar magazine insert as the Kalishnakovs. 30 seconds of playing around and you would figure that out. As far as the saftey. 1. it is a joke. 2. 30 seconds of flipping the lever up to block the action and 2. flipping it down to free the action would cover that "task". As far as the mechanics of using your hand in that awful way.. well i would regard the ak as no more difficult in making toast.    You would certainly think so. I believe one of the things they took into consideration when designing it was ease of use for a conscript army. HE was at a total loss as far as attaching the magazine (apparently since there is no real mag well) and the safety eluded him.   That is scary. My WUM-1 came with no instructions and it took me 5 minutes to figure the WHOLE thing out including breakdown and reasemmbally
Yup, and that's why they sleep with guns under their pillow because they're tense, jumpy, and paranoid.  Michael Moore's work treads a fine line between documentary journalism and commercial film making. The sensationalist way in which he tackles the subject matter is possibly undermining any social message he is trying to get across.
Yes, the gun control issue is an important one that has to be discussed, I'm just wondering if he's the person that should be doing it. On the plus side his work does reach a large audience, so it brings the matter to people's attention and maybe they will have something more to think about when they vote on local laws etc. But back to the Columbine film it is fragmented, and in some ways it over simplifies things.  That's the double edged sword of this kind of thing, pure documentary would put people to sleep, but without restraint you end up with something that's an alternative to watching a Rolling stones concert on an I Max cinema screen. Moore had an episode of Oprah Winfrey devoted to showcasing the Columbine work. That's fine, but his rantings at award ceremonies and the trailers for his latest film (which have the style of a trailer for something like Charlie Sheen's Hot Shots), that's all something else. It makes it hard for me to take what he shows seriously.
Can't say that I saw it. They wanted us to watch it in college. I said I don't believe in watching lies, and that I wouldn't watch it.   I've heard a lot of things about it. I hear a lot of sheeple say it was good, but they don't have the truth to compare it too. I read a list of supposed facts that he presented in the movie (i keep calling it a movie, because it was as hollywood as Armageddon.)   I should probably note that I am a certified Montana Hunter Safety Instructor, and an avid outdoorsman. I won't send money to the NRA, I don't support any lobbying groups... I'm originally from Montana.... Helena
Maybe some places, but not in America. It would be illegal for our government to simply decide to take away a right.  What? I can't legally drink in America (I'm only 17). I can't legally smoke weed. I can't use a variety of drugs which have been deemed illegal by the government. Those are just a few of the rights which have been taken away by the government. Is this unconstitutional? Is this tyranny? Should we revolt because the government has decided to take away our rights?
I am not familiar with the amendments that mention a drinking age or any drugs at all. Which one specifically mentions weed?  The rights Daewoo is speaking of are spelled out in the Constitution that is what quafiles as a right, not because some one clams it is.  Well actually...  From exactly what legal or historical precedent do you draw this conclusion? The rights laid down in the bill of rights are not gifts from our government, they are official recognition of pre-existing rights.  According to daewoo, the rights are pre-existing, meaning that there is no need for them to be spelled out in the Constitution. The Constitution is only a formal recognition of rights. And also, let me direct you to Amendment IX, which states, "The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people." So the rights don't need to be spelled out by the Constitution since they are pre-existing, according to daewoo. But the examples that I gave in my previous post clearly illustrate that the government can limit our rights.
They are pre-existing. Unfortunatly, the constitution has been interpeted byt our government as meaning that any rights not specifically recognised do not exist. This is the exact opposite of what the constitution says.  So are you saying that the various drug laws are a cause for protest? What can the government do, if not limit rights?
The sole purpose oft he government of the United states of America is to preserve the rights of the citizens. Ther is no other. Every law we have is supposed to be a means to acieving this. For example, murder is against the law because it infringes on the murdered persons rights.  Unfortunatly, the new breed of people who wish for a nanny state is not all that new. It has actually been quite a while since our government focused on its primary function, as opposed to attempting to make measures to safegaurd us from ourselves.  But doesn't a law against murder restrict a person's right to murder? I have a feeling you will reply that rights can only be preserved when they don't restrict other people's rights. So let me respond in case you are thinking along those lines.  Everything affects everything. Sorry, that's all I've got for now. I was really fired up a second ago to explain how every single right infringes on another right, but then I lost all motivation. I do apologize for my complete lack of a useful response. Maybe I'll feel up to it later.
Assault weapons should be banned because there is no need for them. That and if they are stolen by a criminal, well, i think you know what will happen.   Here's my take on gun control and why gun control supporters are dumb and rapid anti-gun controllers are dumb as well.   This is taken from another forum:  What a joke. If you believe that our government will turn tyrannical, you'd be in the liberal party. [In refernces towards guns as defense aganist the government]  Many of those who were extreminated would have been exterminated anyways regardless of if they had guns. [in reference to those who were killed after their guns were taken]  Here is the real reason gun control is dumb.  Gun control restricts firearms from being sold to the masses. While the majority of the population is law abiding, there is always a minority that for socioecomonics, cultural, or mental conditions that turns to crime, and in the process violent crime.   Often many of the violent crimes we hear about, (Fresno anyone? 9 killed by firearms) often involve firearms. Many lead to violent endings. But what the anti-gun party fails to disclose is that many of these firearms were gotten illegally. Also, many criminals are not restricted to simply using firearms in their crimes. Many use knives, large tools, and their own body in crimes.  A fox study (2001 I think), reported that over 2 million crimes were prevented by firearms, and rape is reduced 75% if the woman has a firearm. Now, removing the firearms from citizens ensures that many, with few martial art talents, and even fewer with knife talents will be at the mercy of criminals armed with illegal firearms. Even if we can cut down on illegal weapons, criminals will simply resort to using other weapons, and crime won't go down drastically, on the otherhand, violent crimes will become far more violent. And given the current attitude towards violent crimes, the stastical rate of death penalty cases will ultimtely skyrocket. Of course, every rational person understands that increased death penalty cases and killings results in less money for social services, services which often stop people from going down the path of violent crimes. Without these services, muders will skyrocket and we will be caught in a endless vicious cycle.   But beyond the penalty's relation to gun control, disarming citizens will result in a uneven balance between criminals and law abiding citizens
Are you sure you even read the post? I think you just assumed it was pro-gun control and went off from there.   Gun ownwership is a right and that is not debateable.  I do remember saying supporters of gun control are dumb.    So then all your reasons above for gun control?  Um, considering much of the post was infavor of the anti-gun control side, there are only two reasons for banning assault weapons of high ROF. You don't need a machine gun to go hunting. Nor do you need it for defense. A gat or a shotgun will easily suffice. A assault weapon with high ROF is completely unnecessary. The people who use assault weapons in civilian life are the criminals. Making more avaliable simply ensures more violent rampages. You don't need a assault weapon to stop an assault weapon. A single 9mm to the head will do the job easily.
What exactly are the dire consequnces to having assault weapons out there?  While they do represent a minority, the amount of deaths is substanitially higher then with non-assualt weapons. Not to mention that often far more police are needed, and the situation is far harder to deal with with vastly more danger. Besides, what need is there for assault weapons? It's not like you go hunting duck with a machine gun, well, unless you like swiss duck.   Every government eventually turns tyrannical  But your weapons won't save you from tanks and attack helicopters, not to mention cruise missiles. I'll conced you that point however. However, this can be prolonged.   This must be either a canadian or a brit talking  Nope. Utiliarian American here.    The only thing we can say for sure is that they would have had one hell of a lot better chance if they had been armed, and they would have at least taken some of the bad guys with them.  Point is, they would have been killed either way. The argument presented on this notion is that these weapons will secure our lives aganist a tyrannical government. What a joke, what good will your assualt rifle do when you're facing a 90 ton tank armed with a barrel wider then your body? What good will a USAS do aganist a bomber that's releasing 500 lb bombs from 30,000 feet? No good. There is no argument here. You will die if the government turns tyrannical. They have more weapons, better weapons and more supplies. You can't fight a jet fighter with a AK. The key to preventing tyrannical governments is open government and active citizen participation. When the citizenary can see where the money is going and what's happening, it's hard for the government to go all 1984 on us.   Stopping gun control is to prevent crimes. Not to defend aganist a future tyrants.   As for the forum, www.whistlestopper.com, but it's currently being modded to death. The only people safe from the modding are right wing extremists.
Assault weapon dose NOT = machine gun  True. Assault weapons at the moment don't have a accurate definition. I'm simply going on high rate of fire usually with large caliber rounds. AKA a SAW.  Machine guns are like other collectibles, the people who collect them take care of them, and there right to keep them.  Then you'd have no problem if we made it inoperable then. emoticon_xhoho   Most assault weapons used in crimes are never fired, and when they are, the death toll is generally no higher than whith regular weapons.  And you have proof of this?   An assault weapon is no more dangerous tnah a standard pistol, and in many ways less dangerous, since they lack concealability and maneuverability.  But at the same time pack large rounds with high rates of fire. Explain to me how a gun that can litterally mow down people is less dangerous then a gun that at maximum can kill 15-25 people assuming the shooter has absolultely perfect aim.   Yes, they potentially could. A squad support class machine gun is more than capable of taking down a low flying helicopter if used correctly. That same gun can be used to harass a tank crew and keep their heads down while you get somebody on foot up to the vehicle itself in order to disable it. In addition, machine guns are commonly used to destry reactive armor, so you can take the tank with your garden variety RPG.  Oh boy, a extremist.   Assuming the helicopter doesn't launch missiles at you long before it's in range. That also assumes the pilot isn't straffing you with his multiple machine guns and isn't firing salvos of short range missiles at you. Mighty big assumptions.   As for the tank, that all assumes you aren't simply crushed by the tank, not killed by the main gun, not mowed down by the initial attack, and will actually fire back at a fully automatic machine gun that's pointed at you. Besides, work is being down to control the machine gun from below. They already have it on Hummers.   Are you actually supporting owning weapons designed for war as a civilian? Remind me not to live by you.   Take a look at the Afghanis strategy against the soviets  Irrevelant to gun control. It only worked because we supplied them top of the line military grade weapons.   Exactly how can a machine gun take out a plane that is not only flying at MACH 2, but is several thousand feet above you?  Then why are we recommending a political party that does not exist?  Who said anything but recommending?   Tyranny has been resisted sucessfully many times throughout history.  Often with the support of a foreign power.   And how are you suppose to take out a 90 ton tank that has infantry and air support?   As for the bomber, if they considered you a threat, and if they were tyrannical, odds are, it's carpet bombing time. We didn't do that in Iraq for OBVIOUS reasons. Your point is only valid if the government is trying to keep collateral damage down and wants to keep the populace in its favor. A tyrannical govenment doesn't care either.   Then you had better get some guns, because less than half the federal budget is available for direct public scrutiny.  True, but we still have some rational, fiscal conseravatives in power. Not many, defintitely not in the whitehouse, but they are still there. However, we do know where 60% of the money is going. It's mandated by law. Simply go look it up. it's not like 80% was going into black ops. That would be scary and justification to own pretty much anything.
Most assault weapons fire a smll round. The M-16 fires a .223!  But the speed at which the projectile leaves the barrel is astounding.   Has it occured to you that the reason the number of "assault weapon" crimes is low is because there are strict laws prohibiting them yet the laws for hand guns, the weapon on choice, are much looser?   The rest of the argument is irrevelant. The government will kill you should it turn tyrannical. Your arms, short a tac nuke, won't save you. Therefore the argument that your weapons will defend you aganist a tyrannical government is moot. If they have to, they will carpet bomb you. Nothing short of a full defense network of SAMs armed with stealth detectors will save you then.  Does the army run around with just 9mm in Iraq vs insurgent assault weapons?  Last time I checked, the average mugging and house theft didn't involve RPGs, AKs, and IDFs. Attempting to make a comparsion between civilian life and a war torn sitaution highlights your lack of logic.   Who says that all I need is a 9mm  A good marksman. Wrist, knee caps. It's over, that's if you want them alive. Of course, a single headshot with two to the heart will stop anyone without body armor.   What I 'need' is none of you business.  Then you would have no problem with me owning RPGs, Tanks, and SAWs, all pointed at your house. emoticon_xgood Oh, and you'd have no problem if a criminal broke into my house, stole my LAWs and Aks and went on a rapage that killed you wife would you? Oh, also, you'd have no problem with a criminal stealing my tank and running over your child would you? After all, what I need is none of your business.   have you ever firered a gun? i am not trying to flame just wondering if you are speeking from experance, or what you have read.  Yes. .22, .306, shotgun, semiauto m4, just to name a few. A shotgun at close range, such as in a house, will put down virtually anyone. emoticon_xkill   an assault rifle has the same rate of fire as outher semi autos, one round for each trigger pull.  Under the current definition, which is flawed. An assault weapon can empty is clip on full auto in seconds.
funny none of the "assalt weapons" that i have will do that, and the law dosent cover full-automatic weapons.   the law coverinf full auto is from 1936.  "assault weapons" are not diffrent from outher semi-auto's, they just look "more scary"  Um, last time I checked, the majority, if not all of them, were standard issue to some military. Also, last time I checked, them majority of those weapons can go full auto.
SuperDutyHaulin: Read the original post before labeling me that sort of ****. NOWHERE did i say ANYTHING that would give crediblity to your claim.   Also, if you look at the death statistics for guns, 91 % of people die from handguns, 7% from shotguns, and 2% from assault weapons.  Have you ever thought about why assault weapons are so low? Stingent laws on object A limits their use and accesibility. Lax laws on object B allow easy access and easy use. The number of death and destruction events caused by large truck accidents is so low compared to regular cars because the lisence to drive one is much harder to achieve, but a regular lisecene is bloody easy. Are you going to refute that things that are easily accesible are less likely to cause damage?   M4) do not have a full auto cabibilaty, thy do ho ever have a 3 round burst.  Give a good gunsmith an hour or two and they can make it full auto. Aks formerly brought in under the disguise of being semi-autos can be changed back into full auto in less then 30 minutes.   I ask the question again: What do you need a assualt weapon for? A shotgun can take virtually anyone down who's robbing your house. A bolt action rifle can take virtually anyone down if hit in the correct spot. A gat can stop anyone; 1 to the head, two to the heart. No one here has even presented a decent argument on why you need assault weapons, thus this leads me to believe that no one really knows why they need them.
Uh....are you kidding me.... Other that what the above people mentioned, Assault weapons range from about $1000 to 10,000 dollars, where you can get a cheap handgun for about $150...I don't know you go figure it out. Think of an Assault weapon as a Ferrari, not everbody has one....    Have you ever tried shooting somebody in your hose with a shotgun, you would actually be better off with a hand gun, a shotgun is a little to big and bulky in the tight restrants of hallways emoticon_rolleyes Also, I would love to see you take sombody down with a bolt action rifle :p Unless sombody is stanging 10 feet in front of you, or your a trained sniper, you don't have a chance.  And last but not least, becasue I want one. And nobody is going to tell me differently. Just like I have a F-250 with a V-10 that gets only 10 MPG. I dont tow anything heavy enough to warrent it....but so what "I WANTED IT" and I bought it......This is AMERICA not RUSSIA.   I totally agree with you. If someone has it set in their mind that they are going to kill or injure someone, they are more than likely going to do it no matter if assault weapons are illegal or not. Using a shotgun or an AK-47 will get the job done, so I don't see the need to ban assault weapons. If you think that's the case, then we need to ban motorcycles because you can get somewhere just as easily in a car, but motorcycles are more dangerous. However, I do feel that there should be very strict laws on who can purchase assault weapons. Having very thorough background checks on ALL gun purchases is the only way to prevent these types of crimes. Just banning guns in general will only make it worse. Then you will have all the criminals who still have their guns, and the innocent people who want to protect themselves won't be able to because they can't buy guns. It is like underage drinking. It is illegal, however they ignore this and drink anyway. Guns will always be around no matter what happens. So get over it...GUNS WILL NEVER BE BANNED!!!!
Handguns you ave to be 21 to purchase, assault weapons you only have to be 18. You are extremely uninformed on this topic, aren't you?  Can you point me to the law on this?   Haven't seen you argue why you need it.   you are also poorly informed in modern militarty tactics, huh?  As are you. A tyrannical government will simply carpet bomb you, you make like it hasn't happend in the past. Explain to me how a assualt weapon will be able to stop a bomber at 30,000 feet. Oh wait, you can't.   1. The US army, after years of experince in conflict situations, has determined that the best armament for a foot soldier is one with a high rate of fire and a large magazine. Are you saying they are wrong? If a shotgun or a "gat" was a superior weapon, all our soldiers would be lugging around shotguns.  Last time I checked, civilian life wasn't based around war. Weapons used in war and weapons used to defend your house are very different. As for Shotguns, they do bring them, but the automatic type, such as a USAS (but a stabler version, considering the mishaps with that one).    BTW, what the hell is "gat"?  This makes me wonder if you know anything or are just a really good bser. A gat is a .9 mm common knowledge.    2. I don't have to demonstrate a "need" for one, to you or anybody else. I have the right to own as many as I wish.  So you'd have no problem with me pointing SAWs and LAWs at your house? Or morters as well? Perhaps tank cannons?  NO ONE HERE HAS PRESENTED A NEED FOR A WEAPON OF WAR.   there has been no decent argument  None that you accept. There is no need for weapons on war in civilian life. Two, making more avaliable simply allows criminals to steal them and go on highly publicized rampages. Three, The arguments FOR it are pathetic. The government will kill you if it goes tyrannical. The "you have no right to decide what I need" is yelled at when it goes back at you, doublestandard.   This simply furthers the hypocracy of the right. They say the liberal media is a lying about tyrannical government yet want weapons to defend aganist this "lie." If it wasn't a lie, why are they saying the claims of it are lies?   SuperDutyHaulin: that simply goes to reiforce me point. Accesibility = higher usage. Low Accesibility = low usage.  Have you ever tried shooting somebody in your hose with a shotgun, you would actually be better off with a hand gun, a shotgun is a little to big and bulky in the tight restrants of hallways Also, I would love to see you take sombody down with a bolt action rifle Unless sombody is stanging 10 feet in front of you, or your a trained sniper, you don't have a chance.  It's actually not that hard, assuming you don't suck. Simply pop out of a doorway and shoot, then move back, or into another room. Do you really expect simpyl to just stand there? As for a bolt action, you must really suck if you can't take out a moving target 50-100 feet from you. I can. Apparently you can't. I'm not saying that you should shoot them from a moving helicopter.   As for your car, a comparsion between the need military weapons and transportation is a phantom bridge.   Christ sakes. None of you are even listening. Hmm, first swarm I've hit in some time.   I'll leave you with this question (but you all seem to ignore it): would you like it if I stockpiled assault weapons, RPGs, LAWs, SAWs, nade launchers, tank weapons, assorted charges, thousands of rounds of ammo, and body armor and I lived next to you?
Well, you're not listening. As for the "never stolen" go check up on the numerous thefts of assault weapons in Hawaii and several of the highly publicized hostages cases.   Really couldn't care less. Personally, I feel better knowing that the folks who live nearest to me are well armed and know how to use their weapons. I live far enough from town that it takes the sheriffs department over 15 minutes to get here. It is nice to know that if needed, I can count on the guy up the road to help me out in a tight spot, and if that may involve the need for firearms, he has the tools and the skills required.  And if I had a questionable past, it would be okay with you if I have a apache outback, numerous SAM missiles, tatical nukes, rows and rows of RPGs, SAWs, LAWs, Dragon missiles, several hundred thousand rounds of ammunition, automatic shotguns, automated machine guns, mine fields, trip wires connected to assorted charges, laser guided tatical neutron missiles, gernade and motar launchers, Vx launchers, Sarin dispensers, mustard gas canisters, and all of it was pointed at your house? After all, you have no right to decide what I can need.   The Russians carpet bombed Afgani towns and cities during its occupation of the region.  Sudan rountinely carpet bombed the population centers in the South for years.  Russia carpet bombed Chechnya.
Yes, that would bother me greatly, sicne it would be illegal for you to have any of that pointed at my house. Further, it would be illegal for you to posess a neutron missile, since there is no company producing those that sell to civilians, whcih means you STOLE it or bought it hot. Vx Launchers are jsut empty tubes, so that doesn;t bother me, I have a "sarin dispenser" in my barn. It is a crop sprayer (that is actually what they used for direct dispersion, weird, huh? they ordered them directly from new holland). Mustard gas cannisters are not even a problem as long as they are empty. Posession of chemical weapons by the united states government or any citizen of the uniteds states is illegal.   And why exactly are they illegal? Are you bothered that I'd have large amounts of chemical weapons ready for large scale disperasal? Or perhaps that I would have the capacity to kill several thousand people?
Why are chemical and biological weapons illegal? Because we signed a non-proliferation treaty. They would not be covered under the second ammendment anyway, since they are purely offensive weapons, while things like rifles, RPG's, etc... do have a defensive role. Same with tactical nukes.  And why did we sign the pact? I disagree with "offensive weapons" stance. Many countries in the past have maintained nuclear, biological and chemical weapons as deterrents aganist attacks. A deterrent is a form of defense. Therefore, a tactical nuke, anthrax, mustard gas, and VX are all considered defensive weapons.   You do not use nukes or chemical weapons on your home turf, since they kill large numbers of people indiscriminatly and killing off a large segment of your population or irradiating a large section of your landmass is not a step that would concievably be taken in the course of defending your country within your own borders  On the contrary, Interceptor missiles, a form of defense, are armed with nuclear weapons. And, if I recall correctly, Saddam used chemical weapons aganist invading Iranians on his home turf. As for normal people, should you be facing a large army of enemy troops on your home turf, the simplest way to removing them, and thereby removing the threat would be to realease a tatical, or chemical attack. Also, Castro, backed by the USSR, was planning to use tatical nukes in Cuba in the senario of a large US marine invasion.  So Using Rev. HellH0und 's logic, I have every right to own every military weapon ever created because you have no right to decide what I need. Rev. HellH0und's own logic justifis me owning tatical nuclear weapons.   so why ban guns when they kill less than eather of these?  Irrevelant. Cars are designed to transport. Guns are designed to incapaciatate/kill. As for cigarettes, I see no problem in making a pack cost $25.   SuperDutyHaulin: I may not have you here, but I will get you somewhere else, may it be gay rights, the death penalty, generic drugs, etc.
The deterrent theory is based in having such a stockpile of offensive weapons at hand that your enemies woud not dare attack you.  And therefore it is a form of defense. A weapon that is used for a method of defense is therefore a defensive weapon. This stick can hammer in nails, therefore it is a type of hammer. This bike can transport me therefore it is a type of vehicle. You just admited that it was a deterrent and the purpose of a deterrent.   Cuba never had any nukes that could have been used against American troops in the event of an invasion. The only nukes that we ever knwo for sure that cuba had anything to do with were rocket mounted warheads, which could not have been targeted at cuba.  On the contrary, besides the History Channel disagreeing with you,   They included 80 FKR cruise missiles armed with 12-kiloton warheads. The FKR was essentially a scaled-down, pilotless version of a MiG jet, with a target guidance system good out to 100 miles, although it could fly much farther. It was designed to defend the Cuban coastline and the land around the U.S. Naval Base at Guantanamo Bay from any U.S. invasion attempt.  Not This Time  [quote]No, not really. If so, the logic is flawed.[quote]  Then Hellhound's argument is flawed. He said I have no right to decide what people need. Therefore, he has no right to do the same to me, therefore people can own any military weapon they want because you have no right to decide what people need.   Jeffersonian: Cars are designed to transport. Guns are designed to kill. The context of the argument regarding these two comparisons was on the total number of deaths caused by them. The functions of the two objects greatly differ, therefore, comparsions on deaths is irrevelant because neither cars, or cigarettes (sketchy) are designed to kill. You have completely missed the context of the argument and filled in whatever you so choosed.
You are thinking too hard. All weapons are either classified as "offensive" or "defensive". Tehy are categorised this way by international law. WMDs are offensive weapons.  Explain the theory of deterrents. Wasn't MAD a strategy that defended aganist nuclear war? Nuclear weapons are a deterrent, and therefore a defensive weapon.   No, they don't.  Did you see the show?   What exactly are cigarettes for??? They serve no purpose other than to kill you. You might say "it gives you a buzz, takes away stress" blah, blah,blah. Sorry, there are many things that give you a buzz and take away stress, that dont kill you.  Cigarettes are designed to addict a user and then suck as much money out of them as possible. It's a bloody good business tactic, it;s certainly not ethical, but Phillip Morris is mighty rich.   Guns are not designed only to kill.  But that is their basic function. Car's basic function is transportation. A nuke's basic function is to annihlate a large area of land and everything in it. Deterrences is a 2ndary function.   It dosn't matter what kind of gun, they all work the same.  But some work more efficintely at their function then others. For instance, a Deagle is more likely to kill you then a .9mm. A SAW is more likely to kill a squad of troops then a muzzle loader. The gun's ability to carry out its primiary function is what sets them apart.   Sombody that has an assualt rifle, is not a casual gun owner. They take great care of their gun collection, and store them safely and properly.  That's not necessarily true. My father knows plenty of people with those kinds of weapons (not to mention owning a few himself) and they treat their collections like ****. Not to mention HIGHLY questionable storage practices. Aka leaving the gun outside for a few hours.   People kill people, and if sombody is intent on killing you, it does not matter if they have a gun or not, there are baseball bats, knifes, heck I could kill you with a pen!!  But it does not mean we give them more access to the tool that's primary function is to kill. You are disregarding the primary function of a tool for it's 2ndary, 3rd, or 100th function. I COULD write with a gun. I could write with a car, it would be difficult but not impossible. Look at the 1st function. Not the last. Simply because people are intent does not mean we give them greater access to the means.   However, you must prove substancial reason why we should have this right annuled. To this point you have not had a single valid arguement why guns should be taken away. Give us facts, not opinions.  Where exactly did I say I wanted the 2nd amendemnt annulled? I WANT YOU to own a pistol, rifle and shotgun if you are in the right mind and can properly use it. That kind of destroys the "extreme gun control supporter" lable doesn't it?   I see haven't seen a need for military weapons. And when people say I have no right to say what you need, you virtually ignore that when it comes back at you.
I already did. you stockpile enough offensive wepons that your enemy would not dare attack you. how do you think that you get mutually assured destruction using only defensive weapons?  MAD is a theory that prevents nuclear war. It was the only viable defense aganist nuclear war. Is a weapon that works in a defense not a defensive weapon?   a .22 is just as deadly as a .45, adn more deadly than a .357.  Assuming you shoot them in the correct place in the heart or the head, yes. Is that likely? No. A .22 won't kill someone if you shoot them in the liver. It would hurt, but they would come after you, it would take a lot of .22s to kill someone without a shot to the head or the heart. With a .45 or something larger, it is more likely to put them down with fewer bullets.   Not at all  Okay, That's pretty bizzare logic. A gun control supporter wants you to own guns. emoticon_xgood   This is what makes you a dangerous gun control supporter. How do you decide what is a military arm? Is every semiautomatic rifle a potential military arm? What about bolt action rifles? Theya re used pretty extensively in the military for sniping. Handguns are issued to all manner of military folks. Does that make them military arms?  As what makes you a dangerous gun supporter. Who draws the line at what is legal and safe? After all, you have no right to say what I need, therefore I can have whatever I deem necessary. That is quite scarcy to say the least, and remember, it is a gun supporter argument that I am simply using aganist you. Who decides what is safe, just and rational?   emclean: Therefore I can own anything I want.
that is fine with me, as long as you keep it safley.  So therefore you'd have no problem with me owning tons of Vx, Mustard Gas, Anthrax, and the means to deliver it? How about Migs, Apaches, Hinds and Tigers? Or perhaps MBTs? Or maybe SAWs, RPGs, LAWs, Dragons, and SAMs sites? Or a few tactical nukes and neutron bombs?
Viva La Liberty!  I see you Americans deal as loosely with the French and Spanish languages, as you do with English!  Surely it is something like Viva Libertad , or Vive la Liberte, but Viva La Liberty  ????? emoticon_rolleyes :)    Leo
I think it's a twist on lousy use of French in movies. BTW, your former would definately be Spanish.  Tu hablas espanol? No me gusta hablar espanol. :(  LOL! No, sorry, but I have to show my ignorance here. I am doing Latin and German at school, but I didn't even do French. It is just that 'Viva' sounds Spanish, (as the French 'vive' is both spelt and pronounced differently,) and the use of the feminine article 'la' indicates the French language. But you obviously do speak Spanish. I am envious! :) How many languages have you?   I am typically English, inasmuch as I am boringly monolingual. I think we Brits must be the laziest people on earth when it comes to learning languages! :)   Leo
 I know enough to get myself into trouble. Took a college level course on it so I know basic greetings, a lot of nouns, most popular verbs and how to conjugate them properly(ar, er, ir and some irregulars), and quite a bit of grammar usage. Can't say it was the most pleasent experience I've ever had.  La signifies Spanish as well, just so you know. Learning the various feminine/male patterns is terrible, though some do follow common characteristics in determining an unknown word. Vivir is the noun in Spanish, means "to live", though it changes in spelling depending on how you use it. There's vivo (yo(I)), vives (tu(you)), vive (el/la(he/she)), vivimos (nosotros(we)), vivis (vosotros), and viven (ellos/ellas(they)). Vosostros is a special matter of we used on Spain (I think), it's rarely used.  Vivo en Kentucky, USA. Tu vives en UK.  Thanks Rook, that is quite interesting! Wow! Spanish sounds as difficult to conjugate as German! Does Spanish have not only feminine and masculine nouns, but neuter ones as well?  Can't say I am as advanced in German as you are in Spanish. The only reason I chose German over French, is that our French master is a miserable old git, and we have a lady who comes in twice a week to teach German. Her husband is a Graf (Count), and she a real hottie! :) She can teach me anything she likes! LOL! :)   Leo
 A lady from Columbia taught my class. ;)  Was she a hottie? emoticon_wow emoticon_xangel   Leo
Actually I don't deal with spanish or french because I don't have to. I speak english. emoticon_rolleyes  OK. If you want to get picky about it, (and you are an American with the usual accents and word usage,) you speak a dialect known as American-English. :)   Leo
I speak Souther-American-English. :p  Actually, I rather like the Southern American accents - I remember buying doughnuts in Atlanta, and being told, "Listen son, y'all come back now, you hear!"   It was great! Like being in a movie! :)   Leo
Free Guns for everyone! More Guns means more Murder. And More Murder means population control. That way we wont have to resort to the satanical process of abortion!
Hence the most drinking and alcohol ever was during prohabition, same idea?  You'll have to show some proof of this claim please.
Yes. It is true. This truth is evidenced in part by the FACT that Kennesaw, Georgia USA has a lower crime rate than the rest of the country. In Kennesaw, the law is that every home must have a working firearm. Criminals evidently know this.  You may be jumping the gun on that one. There could easily be a host of factors that cause low crime rates, such as higher property values, good education system, properly funded police, good social services, a number of things. Having a high gun ownership ratio may merely be a part of why crime is low, it may not be the reason.
How can guns help demons (or whatever you want) control the world. Humans would be far more able to fight back with them. Disarming them would only make them weaker.
No you bindering tardarfoot!   Onces your eyes have met that of a demons, that demon controls you. Theres no physical combat involved. We also have a few demons that look like humans. These demons will engineer themselves to become major TV stars, and soon the world will be ours!  Quit using movie stars. After Kerry lost, a lot of them got a bad rap and are generally annoying. You're better off corrupting politicians, like that would be hard anyway.
Or we could ignore this idiotic troll.
need i point out how incredibly stupid you just made yourself look, devils_advocate? even as a joke, this is pretty pathetic.
Currently I am doing a survey for public opinons regarding this topic for my research paper. Could you guys please give me your 2 cents on this issue? I'd really appreciate it if you guys could state whether or not you own a gun or if you're somehow an expert in this field as i would love to do a follow-up e-mail interview. Thanks.
You would probably get much more out of it if you posted a question here, let people reply, then carry on in a similar way asking questions (even related to replies) and getting reponses.
You would probably get much more out of it if you posted a question here, let people reply, then carry on in a similar way asking questions (even related to replies) and getting reponses. Everyone is welcome to give their opinion on public gun possession here-whether you're for or against gun control (or does gun possession justifies itself) and please state the reasons as well. I would really appreciate it if you guys could include some extra informations regarding this issue.
"A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed."  I am a person 15 years of age and I want my gun, yet I can't get one. Why not?
I am a person 15 years of age and I want my gun, yet I can't get one. Why not?  'Cause you're too young.
"A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed."  I am a person 15 years of age and I want my gun, yet I can't get one. Why not?   Full rights only come to full citizens. Your legal status is called an 'infant' and legally you are basically regarded as not able to make decisions in your best interest until age 18. You don't have the full right to own property, make contracts, vote, and express your opinion.   There are other non-full citizens. They are felons and the insane. It is pretty obvious why those two classes don't have rights and we can do what we want to them. In the same breath as a non-full citizen you don't get to choose what you want to do or what rights you get.
"A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed."  I am a person 15 years of age and I want my gun, yet I can't get one. Why not?  Let's give this person a gun folks. For that matter, give him a pack of cigs a case of beer and put him in a porn flick. That's the ticket.
Where's the smileys? This is a joke, right?  My sons have owned their own guns since they were 11 years old. Of course I bought them, but I bought their shoes, too.  Maybe my mind ain't right on this one. emoticon_frazzled  Explain that one to the thread starter. He claims he is the victim of age discrimination when he states "I am a person 15 years of age and I want my gun, yet I can't get one. Why not?"
to CCR1994, I guess I should have put smilees in, I don't really want a gun. Basically I was saying how there were logical restrictions on Constitutional rights (but now I'm scared that a kid my age can legally own a gun) and background checks and such aren't that bad when getting a gun. Many people have claimed that because of the 5th ammendment we should be able to go into our local store and just grab a gun and take it home with no check.
Don't believe it, Zachvac:  "Any statement given freely and voluntarily without any compelling influences is, of course, admissible in evidence. . . . Volunteered statements of any kind are not barred by the Fifth Amendment." Miranda v. Arizona, 384 U.S. 436, 478 (1966)  The Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination prohibits your being compelled to give testimonial evidence against yourself. (Like the baseball players who were compelled by subpoena to appear and testify before Congress). The right has absolutely no application to firearms transaction forms. When you go purchase a gun no one forces you to fill out the forms. Oh, you can't walk out with the gun unless you do, but it is your choice whether to buy the gun or not. You can always refuse to fill out the forms and walk away without a gun. To argue otherwise would permit convicted felons to claim they have a right to use a fake ID to get around the background check (which is currently a felony offense punished by up to 10 years in VA), since using their real name would compel them to incriminate themselves. Thankfully, no court has yet succumbed to such illogic.  The right recognized in the Second Amendment is no more absolute that the "right of the people" in the 1st. and 4th. Amendments. None of these rights are absolute, and they are all subject to some rational limitation (like the ban on possession by convicted felons). I am sorry, I didn't mean 5th, I meant the 2nd, the right to bear arms. Sorry for the confusion.
Well they had to be ready to kill at a moments notice... god could call for it to take care of all the nonbelivers.
The Bible is a contradiction of itself, on many matters. I should think Abelard's Sic et Non would have proven that. There are also clear discrepancies between old and new testaments.
Job 32:8 But it is a spirit in man giving them perception, even the breath of the Almighty. 9 It is not the great that are wise, nor the aged who perceive justice... Good words to live by, despite all else.   We seem to forget who needs to do the talking sometimes.  I would like to add also that it is the Sword of the Spirit that we must be prepared to use at all times......and it doesn't depend on any factors, for any reason.
This is the stupidest thread ever. It would be pedantic if it wasn't so infantile. Look those words up....
"pedantic" Wow! you used up your whole "BIG WORD DICTIONARY" on a response to me . . .   I don't use a dictionary for such words, I'm edumakated.
Ah . . . mighty midget . . . . psychological attacks only work on the weak-minded . . . that is why I "own" you. And since you can't produce a single argument to refute my stance we will just call this a "WIN" for Shamgar's side. What's the matter no program upgrades? (beep . . . beep . . . does not compute).   In the future you should spell "own" like "pwn" and instead of calling Bishop a robot without program updates, threaten to "haxxor him up."
Wow, I thought you were a jerk just on religious stuff, but you are always on assface mode.
Is that some gay mating call you use?  No, it's the call I use to get your two moms in the sack. :)
Just curious, why did you assume it was a gay mating call? Were you excited?
Religion is involved in every aspect of a Christian's life. Since your are a pagan . . you wouldn't know that. Oh and thanks for the blessing!  So being an assface is part of the Christian tradition. Great faith buddy.
Whether an all-out ban on guns is good or bad (or constitutional), or an assault-weapons ban is good or bad (or constitutional), it should be obvious to any reader that the Columbus city council is trying to push through an all-out ban on guns by calling this an assault weapons ban.  The Second Amendment does not apply to an Ohio Law. Thus, this ban is not unconstituitonal under the US Constitution. The Ohio Constitution, may however, protect gun rights, but I haven't read it.
Wasn't this issue settled in 1998 with the following ruling?  http://www.stephenhalbrook.com/lawsuits/firearms.html
whats awb?
Assault Weapon Ban. A largely (in fact, I believe entirely) cosmetic ban which attempted to eliminate the lethal threats of bayonet lugs, pistol grips and sickle shaped magazines.
Decent article on firearm ownership in the wake of Katrina  http://www.lewrockwell.com/akers/akers18.html  "Only law enforcement are allowed to have weapons", says P. Edwin Compass III, superindendent of the New Orleans police, Deputy Chief Warren Riley notes "No one will be able to be armed. We are going to take all the weapons."
They exercised gun control for folks being ushered into the Superdome.  I don't think there were any reports of shootings in the Superdome.  There was no gun control for the folks being told to go to the Convention Center, and there were reports of shootings in the Convention Center.  Cops had to do sweeps of the convention center and disarm people. They were fired upon, but their orders were to not return fire. Thankfully, no cops were shot during these operations.  I agree with taking people's guns before cramming them into a shelter, but I dont' agree with taking guns from people who want to protect their homes.
I personally am astounded at the overreaction of the government in response to a handfull of shootings in NO. Sending in the army in full force, confiscating guns and talking about an 'insurgency' just because of a couple of crackpots have been firing their guns. On an average day in New York there are 10 times as many reports of shootings, yet I don't see such a massive military response over there... If they had been protecting their homes or themselves, no problem. But this was not the case. The problem was that there were armed people throughout the city who took the opportunity to shoot at anything that moved, probably simply because they could do so with relative impunity from punishment, since there were no police patrolling. These "crackpots" as you call them were shooting at rescue helicopters, rescue workers in boats and on foot, their own citizens who were trying to get out, the few police who were left, and even the people trying to plug the giant hole that flooded the city. There is a huge difference between that kind of lawless violence and someone protecting their life or property. You call it an overreaction, I think the US acted slowly and with restraint. I would not have been so nice as to disarm many of the true troublemakers, I would have just shot them in the head.
I'm not sure if this post belongs here or in the Creation vs. Evolution thread. They say a picture is worth 1000 words. So, I will forego on the words and apologize in advance.  Click on this picture first. In regard to looting in NO.   Now, click here and get ready to laugh so hard you may actually wet yourself.
Why would it belong in the "gun control" forum or in this particular thread?  Sir, this thread is titled "Katrina shows need for freedom to own guns."  One of the arguments there relates to crime, looting, etc.....  I was just playing connect-a-dot. I thought a little humor might be in order.  Like I said, wasn't sure it belonged here but here it is none the less.
My graduation thesis was about the historical development of the state's monopoly over physical force. I'm not going to sum it up, but while the monopoly was established by the rulers to protect their interests, it has eventually also become the basis for the state's duty to maintain peace and order and ensure the safety of its citizens.   In this context, I am very worried by the US developments. While the effects of gun control on crime are somewhat unclear (I believe the US is already so saturated with firearms that the gun control laws may indeed lead to an increase in crime - contrary to the normal effects), it is very clear from the same statistics that increased police presence is the best crime prevention measure, and the police is apparently being downsized.  I'd love to have a firearm, probably a sniper rifle, with which I'd shoot at targets half a mile away. I can do the same with a replica and a sniping scope. I'd immediately borrow a full auto something, just to get the feeling of shooting a full magazine at some target (ruined house wall would sound fun). keep it at home, no. Shoot bullets, yes. Kill anyone, no thanks.  The problem is, I don't want to have to rely on my own firearms to be safe. The principle demands everyone carry a several pound hunk of metal around at all times, a dangerous several pound hunk of metal filled with explosives, that is, and sleeping with one eye open, just in case. In the military, you set up a camp and then set guards. Civilians do the same by keeping a police force.
I'm all for making the police effective. Here, you'd find my stance on the right to privacy surprisingly far from my usually leftist positions.  My ideal world is covered with video cameras, people's positions are tracked via subcutaneous implants, and the police are issued powered armour before the military. Along with glue guns, tasers, bolas, net launchers, flesh hooks, IR goggles, lie detectors, truth serums, helicopters, tanks, attack dogs,... Why powered armour first? Because then the police wouldn't have to be skittish about being shot while asking for someone's driver's license.  But the prison sentences are low, as stress is given to prevention, not retaliation.
We actually had that. Hue and cry, sheriffs and similar. However, the "standing" police proved more efficient.  If my sources are to be believed, I could get my hands on an AK for 300 Euros. Plus ammo, but an order of two would probably include 100 bullets too. The problem is, even if I bought it, I would be no safer whatsoever. Just like the hunters that live in the same village as me are no safer than myself.  I'd much rather buy myself a full set of body armour.  I'd also like to point out one other weapon society has (one that I consider the best weapon against terrorism): its ability to absorb damage simply due to its great size. The disadvantages are obvious, however, it does have one great advantage: it created no collateral damage. In concept, it is the direct opposite of the biological concept of human allergies.
here is what an armed, trained person can do.  I love it when the bad guys gets blown away!  By the way, speaking of guns and violence and Katrina and whatnot, does anyone notice any similarities between the criminal posted in the article above and those looters in N.O.?  A good argument for evolution perhaps? :p
What similarities?  Hey, I'm just asking. emoticon_rolleyes
So am I... What similarities did you refer to?  How about, for starters, they are both thieves. emoticon_rolleyes
That`s a pretty lame similarity... But sure.. Anymore?  They both prefer Heinenken. :p
I am afraid, Bram and Joszi, that you have not been exposed to all the facts.This is true. Less guns doesn't mean less homocide (but it does mean less violent death as my scatter chart from the same data showed). What Adept's chart neatly shows is that the USA is a ridiculously violent country by "developed" country standards. Take away their guns and they'd probably just kill each other with knifes, baseball bats etc.
It is true clive that the rate of violence in the U.S. is high, but you have to look at the other side of the coin, we have a large population in this country and with larger population means more crime.That is why scatter charts - such as the one that Adept produced - show figures per 1,000 population or whatever. It makes the data between countries directly comparible. A higher percentage of Americans are murdered every year than in any other "western" country save for N. Ireland (a region wracked by decades of near civil war, military occupation and terrorism).  But the majority of our crime is done with illegaly owned firearms as well.Can you back up this claim?  But in Florida they adopted the right to carry a concealed firearm and the crime rate decreased 41%.Not true. The highest level of crime recorded in Florida was in 1988, the year after the concealed carry law was passed.  So all you people against guns need to relize more guns in the U.S. makes us saferYou have no evidence to back up that claim at all.
Well I can think of one good reason to have a gun. Target shooting. It is really fun and it is pretty much a sport. If we all did target shooting our population would be much better marksmen and that means our millitary would be stronger. If you take away the guns there would be none of this. And also if you took away the guns people would use knives or a blunt weapon. There are infinite blunt weapons. Criminals would start making swords. And it is possible this could shoot us back to ancient times although i have to admit that is unlikely. People are always going to hate, there will never be hate, and people will always kill. So ask your self this would you like the victims to experience no pain with a a gun or with lots of pain with blunts or blades?   Hansel   P.S. Netherlands is almost all athiestic, abortion is legal, old people can ask the doctor to kill them, drugs are legal. There are no morals. Are you sure this is the best place to live? Oh, boy... Criminals would start making swords? You make me laugh. I think that they'd just use clubs and knives, personally. Or they'd still use guns, despite their being illegal.  Shoot us back to the ancient times? What do you mean, like when people used knives and heavy objects to kill each other? Please. Get real. And what's this, no pain with a gun? If you get a bone injury from a gunshot wound, you're in for a world of hurt unlike anything else.
P.S. Netherlands is almost all athiestic, abortion is legal, old people can ask the doctor to kill them, drugs are legal. There are no morals. Are you sure this is the best place to live? Oh, boy. There's another forum devoted to discussing abortion, assisted suicide, and morals. Please go there if you want to discuss it. P.S. the US is largely Christian, anti-homosexual, brain dead people are forced to keep on living by being hooked up to machines, the country's debt just hit 8 trillion dollars, it has one of its most ineffectual presidents ever, it's disliked by most of the rest of the world, and it's got a high rate of violent crime. Are you sure this is the best place to live?
Not only total nonsense, but an insult to those professionals who have been injured or died doing their duty. Oh? Are you sure? http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,162325,00.html  And it's not pickleweasler's statement which is an insult to those good and dedicated police officers. The NOPD (or at least quite a few members of it) is the insult to good police here.  And my thanks to jyoshu, who posted that link right here, in July.
so you don't like my opinions on gun control, are you going to shoot me? You shouldn't worry, you getting a bullet in the head anyway.
Are you a nazi? Sorry don't see the connection between Bosnia and Kosovo and Nazis.....maybe you do ?  That poster is always making random strawman arguments...just ignore and move on.
I agree with his statement. In no way become disillusioned to think a rifle can go against a tank or jet fighter. The Vietnamese had more than just rifles in the Vietnam "security measure", they were provided with large numbers of SAMs from Russia/China, they had light tanks, RPGs, mines, mortar and artillery pieces. Even the Iraqis have RPGs, explosives, grenades and shoulder mounted SAMs (stinger missiles). Even with that, Iraqi rebels aren't close to "winning" the war or even taking over any significant territory. Your post brings few thoughts to mind. The intent behind the Second Amendment was to turn the adult citizenry of the nation into an effective fighting force. A force that the nation could depend on for its defense. If we really wanted to follow the Second Amendment people would need to be required to keep and train with all sorts of military weapons such as machine guns, explosives, greanades, shoulder mounted SAMs etc. But not even the NRA is advocating this. People on both sides of the debate are just not interested in following the Second Amendment.
Then could you please elaborate what the hell happened in vietnam and Iraq? In Vietnam the public opposition to the war grew so great that eventually it was decided it was best to stop fighting. North Vietnamese forces could have never beaten the US Army had it decided to stay and fight. Their casualties were much, much greater than ours. The interesting thing about Iraq is that rebellion has been a much more frequent occurence since the US invasion. People were much more afraid to rebel against Hussein because they knew the retribution by Hussein would be horrible.... mass torture, executions, imprisonment etc. That's what happened when someone from Dujail shot at Hussein but missed. So when a successful rebellion is most needed (when a true tryrant is in power) people are least likely to attempt it.
Unusually warm winter we are now having in Europe and USA is due to so called climatic weapon used by Americans imo. Well, they had been exploring this sort of weapon for quite a long time and I guess success attended them. Do you remember the destructive tsunami that happened to occur in South-East Asia in December 2005? They say actually it came in the aftermath of the then conducted in the region tests of new types of American weapons. The death toll of Asian countries was enormous then.  Now the price is unusually warm winter, which would be rather good thing to enjoy ..... but for destructive storms and floods. Pressing on Dame Nature is no good I am sure 'cause it always leads to some unpredictable things kind of tsunami or storms or what. And then ....Americans are no Gods. I mean we may pay rather a high price now. What's the American grand idea this time? It's to make prices on energy resources go down to give some boost to American economy, which has been somewhat unhealthy lately. Dispatching of extra American military units in Iraq is quite a burden for USA economy now.  What irritates me actually is the fact that Europeans are facing extremely severe storms resulting in blackouts and other sort of thing. They may have been well triggered by those American climatic tests. What does the future hold? Nothing good imo if Americans continue this practice.
Unusually warm winter we are now having in Europe and USA is due to so called climatic weapon used by Americans imo. Well, they had been exploring this sort of weapon for quite a long time and I guess success attended them. Do you remember the destructive tsunami that happened to occur in South-East Asia in December 2005? They say actually it came in the aftermath of the then conducted in the region tests of new types of American weapons. The death toll of Asian countries was enormous then.  Now the price is unusually warm winter, which would be rather good thing to enjoy ..... but for destructive storms and floods. Pressing on Dame Nature is no good I am sure 'cause it always leads to some unpredictable things kind of tsunami or storms or what. And then ....Americans are no Gods. I mean we may pay rather a high price now. What's the American grand idea this time? It's to make prices on energy resources go down to give some boost to American economy, which has been somewhat unhealthy lately. Dispatching of extra American military units in Iraq is quite a burden for USA economy now.  What irritates me actually is the fact that Europeans are facing extremely severe storms resulting in blackouts and other sort of thing. They may have been well triggered by those American climatic tests. What does the future hold? Nothing good imo if Americans continue this practice.   Those dastardly Europeans have countered with a cold ray which is currently pummeling Colorado and Nebraska. This ray has caused over 40 deaths so far. How do I know? It's all over the news!!!  Hysterical, in both senses of the word.
How can we exercise gun control and nuclear disarmament while America is going on with nuclear genocide?   Firstly, America must plead guilty in the WWII genocide of the Japanese! The Japanese civilians got killed in American nuclear bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki are surely victims! And the mortality figures among those who suffered for years with radiation sickness make the level of genocide even more scary.  Secondly, America must plead guilty in more recent such cases among alliance forces in Afghanistan and Iraq and among civilians in these countries. They all fell victims of illegal American tests of new types of nuclear weapons there!! The fact is staying hidden from rest of the world.  America is going on with nuclear genocide! And international community should exert immediate pressure on American administration to stop that crime against humanity by the USA!
Firstly, America must plead guilty in the WWII genocide of the Japanese! The Japanese civilians got killed in American nuclear bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki are surely victims! And the mortality figures among those who suffered for years with radiation sickness make the level of genocide even more scary.  Let me break it down for you Sparky:  Dropping the Nukes accomplished two things 1: It ended the war 2: We won  A possible side effect of these two events is the fact that your (and my) happy XXX is alive now as a result of all those Sailors, Marines, and Soldiers not getting killed in a seaborne assault of the Japanese Mainland.   From http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Downfall#Estimated_casualties_for_Downfall  A study done for Secretary of War Henry Stimson's staff by William Shockley estimated that conquering Japan would cost 1.7-4 million American casualties, including 400,000-800,000 fatalities, and five to ten million Japanese fatalities. The key assumption was large-scale participation by civilians in the defense of Japan.  Use your *** damned head man! There are MILLIONS of people alive today BECAUSE those bombs were dropped. This is easily the most asinine grabastic bit of nit-wittery I have ever seen on this forum.
He won't reply to you, he is a Russian-propaganda-bot.  In any case I disagree with your assessment of whether nuking civilians was necessarily or justifiable, largely for the reasons summarisedhere on practical grounds, and well, the moral grounds should be fairly obvious.
He won't reply to you, he is a Russian-propaganda-bot.  In any case I disagree with your assessment of whether nuking civilians was necessarily or justifiable, largely for the reasons summarisedhere on practical grounds, and well, the moral grounds should be fairly obvious.  This will require time to rebut. As I am presently leaving on business travel I shall have to defer my response until next week. I look forward to this discussion indeed!
The question of country's accession to independence here, in Scotland, is especially acute now, although the background of it numbers over 300 years.  Of course, in our Scottish state we have both the supporters of secession from Britain, and opponents. But one thing is clear and important for all, who live on this land: our independence from Britain will deliver the Scottish people from the necessity of participating in war against terror, which was dictated to UK by USA and which turned our country into easy target for international terrorists of all types.  Moreover, if we find our own feet, there will no longer need to invest our money in various London's programs for maintaining status of UK as a great power, specifically, to support cost intensive programs for modernization of UK nuclear arsenals.
While our health and safety inspectors begin examining laboratories of US private pharmaceutical firm Merial Animal Health, which is the most likely source for the return of foot and mouth disease due to our government's officials, I venture upon a suppose that this epidemic could be initiated by local Islamists as their revenge for our participation in military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan. Why not?  Indeed, it looks like a well-planned diversion, directed to serious undermining of our economy in its agricultural sector. It is enough to remember that previous outbreak of foot and mouth in 2001 cost us 8 milliard pounds sterling! Now EU has already banned importation of British beef.  And I'm not surprised if UK meets with many other similar acts of Muslim's retaliation soon, especially taking into account those unsatisfactory conditions of biosecurity at our research laboratories that are in urgent need of government's investments.  Certainly the Pirbright complex, which was largely built in the 1940s, is not close to the standard expected of a modern biomedical facility of such importance. And our enemies make full use of it. Most likely that in this case the disease virus was tested by them in Surrey for its further usage against us and our US allies during our future possible military actions against Iran...
Bush is not in the position actually to make it out with Iraq. US military lobbyists are pressing him to stay. For them Iraq is milking cow. Clearly, this is the huge market for war equipment profitable trade. Then Iraq is testing ground, which is of utmost importance for the companies producing weapons. Some people I know who are working with those companies say, 'Markets are good, but testing in real war is unique chance'. For getting this chance they are competing in earnest. They ain't so much choosy about the means I should say. I know of some big fish in the congress on some interested companies' payroll. That's disturbing. Leaders in the race are such majors as Kellog, Brown & Root, the Hulliburton offspring KBR.  Well there are big plans to test so called e-bombs (electromagnetic bombs) in Iraq. After 'Desert Storm' operation every 5th GI came back home with severe physical injuries due to similar tests. Since then during the last 10 years weapons have become more sophisticated with upgraded destructive power. I hate to think more American guys are going to end up as cripples!
...and this has what to do with "gun control"?
...and this has what to do with "gun control"?  http://4forums.com/political/showthread.php?t=6954
There are a lot of guns in Iraq...Should we control them  Odds are the answer is yes because they belong to insurgents. Yeah not a gun debate really.  Though yeah we are never leaving Iraq, we went to Korea in the 50's and are still there.
And we went to Japan and Germany in the 40's, and we STILL don't have an exit strategy...
yeah we're turning Iraq into a permanant party base. we signed 100-year contract with the Iraqi government. We aren't leaving iraq for at least 100 years.
We are setting up permanent bases in Iraq to steal their oil  Bush is going to disband Congress and declare himself emperor  Bush is going to nuke Iran and North Korea  Bush is going to turn America into a theocracy  Blah  Blah  Blah
We are setting up permanent bases in Iraq to steal their oil  Bush is going to disband Congress and declare himself emperor  Bush is going to nuke Iran and North Korea  Bush is going to turn America into a theocracy  Blah  Blah  Blah :)  I can't tell. Are you a Bush supporter or not?  (Just kidding... emoticon_xgood )
Am I that transparent?  I just had to get a jab in at the first post in this thread.
Am I that transparent? I just had to get a jab in at the first post in this thread. When conspiracy theories get that bad, it's kind of hard not to...
When they get that bad??? That one is pretty lame compared to most that I've seen.    George Bush is trying to take over the world and declare himself supreme dictator of the universe!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When they get that bad??? That one is pretty lame compared to most that I've seen.  George Bush is trying to take over the world and declare himself supreme dictator of the universe!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I guess the absolute worst I've seen is attempting to link Bush's family to Nazis... emoticon_wow
That is a bad one. It's one thing to criticize and complain. It's another to make an accusation like that.
Do you object to this ban for reasons other than "It's a pointless waste of money"?  -Wez
I'm not sure on the details of their plan, likely because they aren't sure of them. We're still in the process of spending around 3 billion to register all the firearms in Canada.emoticon_mad :xcensored   The announcement is a blatant attempt to garner votes in Toronto and Ontario, key election areas, where gun violence is highest.  I have no use for handguns, and I don't even know anyone that would be directly affected by the ban, but it's a matter of principle. It's the first step on a slippery slope.  We all know that the vast majority of gun crime is carried out with registered, legally obtained handguns. emoticon_rolleyes Therefore, banning handguns in Canada will surely solve the problem.   Where do they find the retards that dream this stuff up?    First of all, handguns are nearly impossible to obtain legally in Canada as it is, 95%+ of handguns used in crimes in Canada have been illegally smuggled into the country from the USA. Even the police forces are saying that the law is pointless as it would only serve to increase the smuggling of handguns from the US, and would likely not have any impact on the rate of handgun use in crimes.  On top of that, it would no doubt be another extremely expensive venture.   There are times when I really question the intelligence of the average Canadian, especially those in Ontario and Quebec. Some of them need a dose of reality.  Waxy  Does the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms permit the private ownership of handguns or perhaps (as in the US) grant a right to bear arms "that shall not be infringed" ?
Yes. I believe it's a matter of personal individual freedom.   If purchased legally, and not used to commit a crime, what harm comes from handgun ownership? I don't own one, but I own many other guns. If they can ban handguns, what's to stop them from banning shotguns, or even BB guns? Shotguns are used for hunting.  BB guns aren't useful when robbing a store as they're too 'weak'.  I see no legal use handguns can fulfil, although I'm fairly neutral on banning them, if the country is already saturated with them. I don't see what it's going to achieve; the people who will mis-use the guns already have them. If there were no handguns in Canada I would support the ban, but as presumably there are already lots, I don't think the ban's a great idea.  -Wez
Not saying I agree with them, but it would make a cops job eaiser. See a handgun, he knows it's illegal. I don't know canada's "probable cause" laws, but here in the US, seeing a handgun isn't justification.
Why is that a good reason for this sort of law? What's the sense in removing the rights of citizens just to make a cop's job easier? Do you also support repealing the Fourth and Fifth Amendments (or the Canadian equivalent, if they have it), just to make cops' jobs easier? Allowing cops to use torture in interrogations would also make their jobs easier. Would you support that?  Obviously you completely missed the very first phrase in my post.   i do not think it has had any affect in Chicago. if the cops see a handgun in a car, or on a person they know that the person is one of 2 things, a LEO, or a criminal. same in NYC, and DC.  Well I live in a city of 20,000. Until afew years ago you could walk right past the police station downtown with firearms openly displayed. People still regularly have shotguns or rifles hanging in the rear window of their trucks during hunting seasons. In fact in VT you don't need a permit for a handgun, and 15 year olds can legally buy riles/shotguns, no questions asked.
Handguns are extremely hard to legally obtain in the UK, they are comparable to NFA guns here. When handguns were "banned", crimes rose. Drastically.  Good thing that certain Canadians noticed this.  what sort of crimes? Crime overall here has been falling for years.
Lies, damn lies & statistics:)   The word overall is very misleading. It is a crime to be caught speeding.
This may help....I can't say I back up Wikipedia 100% though  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gun_politics_in_the_United_Kingdom
Everyone as a thought on gun control good, bad, extreme or don't really care. but I would like to find out is do you support some sort of guncontrol yes or no? please yes or no at the top of your anwser and then add how much under that.
It depends...
Why does gun control have to be an all or none thing? There is a common misconception that gun control means getting rid of all guns. Not true. Yes, there are those in favor of getting rid of all guns, and I find these people to be extremist whackos. And there are those who would get rid of all gun control laws, and again...extremist whackos. Having an age limit on the ability to buy guns is a gun control measure. I certainly do not want 7 y/o's to be able to go to the store and buy a 9mm. Age limits are simply common sense laws that are required by any responsible society. There are many common sense laws, but probably a few more that we need. Likewise, there are some laws and measures that we do not need.
regulations should depend on the local population, plain and simple. I don't want to live in a city where everyone has a gun, but I'd feel much safer in some of the more remote areas if people were allowed/expected to carry (openly) to help get rid of varmint animals (such as coyotes) or to defend against the dangerous ones (such as bears).  I'm not really against full auto weapons, although I don't see the point of them- good trigger control on a semi-auto can get you a much more controlled group at a higher range in roughly the same time distance from a full auto gun- but it should be understood by everyone in the community that these are not toys, they are weapons that are shot by some people purely for entertainment value (why do you need a nice car with a 300hp engine that can go 200mph? you don't: but it's still fun to own one. why do you need a .50BMG rifle? you don't- but that doesn't mean it's not fun to shoot one).
Let me enter this discussion.  I believe U.S. v. Miller is a case wrongly decided; but it cannot be read to protect only the RKBA of militia members. Miller was a bootlegger. He was a private citizen who was not a member of any state militia. If the Miller court wanted to limit the RKBA to only members of state organized militias, it would have dismissed his second amendment claim by saying something like this: "The defendant is not a member of a state organized militia, and is therefore not a member of that class of persons the amendment protects. Therefore, he lacks standing to pursue a claim that his second amendment rights have been infringed."   Additionally, this is how the Miller Court defined the militia:  "The signification attributed to the term Militia appears from the debates in the Convention, the history and legislation of the Colonies and the States, and the writings of approved commentators. These show plainly enough that the militia comprised all males physically capable of acting in concert for the common defense. "A body of citizens enrolled for military discipline." And further, that ordinarily when called for service these men were expected to appear bearing arms supplied by themselves and of a kind in common use at the time." United States v. Miller, 307 U.S. 174, 179 (1939).  Miller's appeal was denied not because he was a private citizen who claimed the second amendment protected his RKBA, rather, his appeal was denied because the Court would not read the amendment to protect his RKBA in a sawed-off shotgun:  "In the absence of any evidence tending to show that possession or use of a 'shotgun having a barrel of less than eighteen inches in length' at this time has some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia, we cannot say that the Second Amendment guarantees the right to keep and bear such an instrument. Certainly, it is not within judicial notice that this weapon is any part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense." Id. at 178.  What you see from this decision is a clear implication that private citizens do enjoy a RKBA and the scope of that right protects arms which are "part of the ordinary military equipment" or which "could contribute to the common defense." This is a foolish interpretation of the RKBA, because it could be read to protect a RKBA in a flamethrower or a bomber.  Now as for the militia preamble, I have addressed that here: http://www.4forums.com/political/showthread.php?t=6957.   I would also consider the distinct phrase "the right of the people," because it is not limited to the Second Amendment. The phrase "the right of the people" occurs in the 1st., 2nd., and 4th. amendments. As has been stated before by people smarter than me, it cannot refer to a right of the individual citizen in the 1st. amendment, be mutated into a right of the states to arm their militia members in the 2nd. amendment, only to be magically transformed back into an individual right in the 4th.   ---  "The great ideals of liberty and equality are preserved against the assaults of opportunism, the expediency of the passing hour, the erosion of small encroachments, the scorn and derision of those who have no patience with general principles, by enshrining them in constitutions, and consecrating to the task of their protection a body of defenders." Justice Benjamin Cardozo, The Nature of the Judicial Process, New haven, 1921.  "Experience should teach us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the Government's purposes are beneficent. Men born to freedom are naturally alert to repel invasion of their liberty by evil-minded rulers. The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding." Justice Brandeis, Olmstead v. United States, 277 U.S. 438, 485 (1928) (dissenting opinion).
Everyone, watch as a non-lawyer approaches a lawyer about law and quickly gets his XXX kicked for being so bold...  Okay, Bryan, I'm not a lawyer like yourself, and you very well may wipe the floor with this approach, but what if I interpret things differently?    Rather than the significant phrases being those you have selected (which I underlined above), what if the significant phrase is that which I have boldfaced above? The underlined phrases simply elaborate on why the weapon in question can be disqualified from being protected by the Second Amendment, as it would have no "reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia." After all, this is the clause that is paired with the proclamation that the instrument's possession is not protected.  That being said... I will openly agree that the paragraph cited is indeed worded in a way that could justify your conclusion. However, I interpret the boldfaced phrase's location adjacent to the assertion as being more important than the following sentence.  ---  Listen, being a lawyer is only a license to pretend I know what I'm talking about. It does not give me any ability to divide truth from lies any better than anyone else. In fact I think a law degree is usually a hindrance, because in my opinion the swelled heads people tend to get when they get admitted to the bar often constricts the blood flow to their brains. When that happens we lawyers try to conceal our newfound stupidity with arrogance.   The phrase you cite means to me that if there was evidence that a particular weapon "has some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia" then the 2nd. Amendment would protect an individual citizen's right to possess it. The Court did not say Miller's sawed-off shotgun did not meet this criteria. It merely said that no evidence was presented that it did. This obviously begs the question of how you meet this test. I think the Miller Court goes on to announce that one way to prove this would be by presenting evidence that it was "part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense."  This was a newly created standard which no one had heard before, and for this reason no one thought to present evidence in the trial court that a sawed-off shotgun was "part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense." Miller's case came before the court because of an activist trial court judge who wanted to see the law struck down. Miller promptly jumped bond on his appeal, and no one appeared to argue his case. The Government was the only party to appear before the Court, and no evidence was presented to SCOTUS to establish that the weapon would meet the newly announced test. This is why the Court says "In the absence of any evidence tending to show...."   This brings me back to the "judicial notice" comment. SCOTUS said "Certainly, it is not within judicial notice that this weapon is any part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense." I see this as the test SCOTUS announces for proving a weapon "has some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia." It is the only reason why SCOTUS would mention it.   The "judicial notice" comment occurs for this reason: In our courts many facts do not need to be proved by direct evidence. There are certain facts which Courts routinely take "judicial notice" as being true, like calendar dates or information contained in its own records. When SCOTUS goes on to say "Certainly, it is not within judicial notice..." it is saying that no one tried to prove the weapon would meet this new test, and absent any evidence proving this it will assume on its own that a sawed-off shotgun would be "part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense."   So I read Miller to interpret the scope of the 2nd. Amendment as protecting an individual RKBA in weapons which have "some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia;" and the test for establishing this is proof that the particular weapon is "part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense." It is a dangerous decision if followed, because it opens the door for claims to all sorts of current military arms.  --- "The issue, however, is not whether court rules are "mutable"; they assuredly are. It is not whether, in the light of "various circumstances," they can be "modifi[ed]"; they assuredly can. The issue is whether, as mutated and modified, they must make sense. The requirement that they do so is the only thing that prevents this Court from being some sort of nine-headed Caesar, giving thumbs-up or thumbs-down to whatever outcome, case by case, suits or offends its collective fancy." Justice Scalia, DICKERSON v. UNITED STATES, 530 U.S. ___ 995525, Slip opinion (Scalia's dissent) p.12 (June 26, 2000).
You're right that Miller had died, but it appears he was alive when the case was presented to SCOTUS. This is the timeline as I understand it:  On March 30, 1939, SCOTUS heard the oral arguments in the case. No one appeared to argue the case except the Government.  On April 6, 1939, Miller's body was found in a creek bed near Chelsea, Oklahoma. He had been shot 4 times with a .38 caliber weapon. Near his body was a .45 automatic from which three shots had been fired, which law enforcement presumed was done in self-defense.  On May 15, 1939, SCOTUS, unaware that Miller was dead, announced and published its decision on his case.  Interestingly, his co-defendant, Frank Layton, plead guilty to his indictment after SCOTUS decided the case, and he was placed on probation for five years which he successfully completed.  I found an excellent U.S. v. Miller website, which has full copies of the opinion, brief filed by the Government, all related petitions, etc. here:   http://www.rkba.org/research/miller/Miller.html.   I still think Miller is a gun rights opinion. In addition to what you can see in the opinion itself, if you look at the paragraph we have focused upon that begins "In the absence of..." you will see SCOTUS cite with approval to another case, Aymette v. State. If you look at the case and page SCOTUS cites you to, you will find that Tennessee court saying this about militia arms: "If the citizens have these arms in their hands, they are prepared in the best possible manner to repel any encroachments upon their rights. . . ." Aymette v. State, 2 Hump. (21 Tenn.) 154, 158 (1840). Case cited by Miller at p. 178. (A great cite for gun rights advocates, for this is yet another statement that the purpose for relying on a citizen militia was not to ensure the government would be safe from foreign invasion, but was intended to protect the citizens from the advent of a tyrant.)   But one fundamental problem with Miller is it does not clearly state what the scope of the Amendment is or how to prove a weapon is protected. It only makes reference to these things in the negative--a sort of "since you didn't prove this you can't prove the 2nd. Amendment protects you" decision. It also leaves several 2nd.Amendment questions unanswered. Is the right "fundamental" and deserving of the high standard of strict scrutiny of governmental attempts to infringe upon it? Should it allow the possession of current military hardware? If so, then would the RKBA be limited to these weapons, or would my old single-shot arcade .22 be protected? Should the 2nd. Amendment RKBA be incorporated through the 14th. Amendment to force the states to recognize it? For these reason I feel that Miller is a very poor opinion to use to underpin a coherent understanding of the nature and scope of the RKBA.
Actually, I appreciate the opportunity to talk to someone rather than shout at them. One of my vices is I don't suffer fools gladly. I will try to humiliate people who first do two things: 1. attack/insult me, and 2. then do something I can humiliate them with. You have done neither. I have been on other sites where people are not interested in learning about a subject. They have their minds made up, and any attempt to speak contrary thoughts to them quickly draws forth junior high school insults about parentage. One of the reasons why I like this site is you rarely see that here. I don't pretend to have all the answers, and coming here is a learning process for me. I learn a lot more from talking and listening to people as opposed to shouting at them. It makes me a better advocate when I consider other viewpoints. I'm glad you feel the same way.  As far as my job goes, very little of this has any impact on me. The irony is that as such a strong supporter of the RKBA I spend a lot of time making sure people go to jail for misusing firearms or for merely having them in their homes if they are felons. I have never seen anyone attempt to stop a prosecution of a gun use/possession crime on 2nd. Amendment grounds in Virginia. And I can find no Virginia state court case that has ever dealt with the issue. Life goes on while we wait to see if SCOTUS will ever take the issue on and let the other shoe drop.  ---  "And indeed, gentlemen, there exists a law, not written down anywhere but written in our hearts; a law which comes to us not by training or custom or reading but by derivation and absorption and adoption from nature itself; a law which has come to us not by theory but from practice, not by instruction but by natural intuition. I refer to the law which lays it down that, if our lives are endangered by plots or violence or armed robbers or enemies, any and every method of protecting ourselves is morally right. When weapons reduce them to silence, the laws no longer expect one to await their pronouncements. For people who decide to wait for these will have to wait for justice, too--and meanwhile they must suffer injustice first. Indeed, even the wisdom of the law itself, by a sort of tacit implication, permits self- defense, because it does not actually forbid men to kill; what it does, instead, is to forbid the bearing of a weapon with the intention to kill. When, therefore, an inquiry passes beyond the mere question of the weapon and starts to consider the motive, a man who has used arms in self-defense is not regarded as having carried them with homicidal aim." Cicero, Selected Political Speeches, p. 222 (M. Grant, trans. 1975)  "And I cannot see, why arms should be denied to any man who is not a slave, since they are the only true badges of liberty. . . .The possession of arms is the distinction between a freeman and a slave. He who has nothing, and belongs to another, must be defended by him, and needs no arms: but he who thinks he is his own master, and has anything he may call his own, ought to have arms to defend himself and what he possesses, or else he lives precariously and at discretion. And though for a while those who have the sword in their power abstain from doing him injury; yet, by degrees, he will be awed into submission to every arbitrary command." Andrew Fletcher, Political Works, pp. 35 and 221 (1749).
The same reason you can't yell "fire!" in a crowded area.  You can yell "Fire" in a crowded area. How else do you alert people of a fire? You can't yell "fire" if there is no fire only because it's malicious of nature. Unless the criminal has shown malicious intent with a firearm it sounds like hypocrisy to punish them for it. Unless you say that criminals no longer have their constitutional rights even after their release.
The quad 50 full automatic anti-aircraft gun is designed to oscillate on it's mount. This is so that the bullets will come out in a pattern. This pattern along with tracer rounds helps the shooter guide the blizzard of bullets at the aircraft. Even this only works at low altitudes. Modern planes typically fly at ~30K feet. That's more than 5 miles high! A perfect bullet, or one that is fired in a vaccum with an initial velocity of 2800 fps will only go ~25k feet before gravity alone will have reduced it's velocity to 0 fps. The odds of hitting something that is moving at ~900 fps at any distance with a bullet traveling at ~2800fps are slim to none. That is why anti-aircraft guns are full auto, not a semiauto or anything that a citizen has access to legally.
Speaking of higher caliber weapons, have you seen the new .460magnum snub-nose revolver from S&W?  It's a KILLER!! Ha Ha Ha!!!
I think we've all seen footage of aerial gunners in WWII bombers shooting at Me-109s, FW-190s, Zeros, etc. emoticon_idea They were full-auto .30 and .50 cal in the hands of trained gunners. A lot more rounds were fired than are planes that were brought down with them.
50 Cal even without armor piercing rounds can cut most cars in half with less than 50 round. One round will blow a person in half.
An ex-mercenary I know had a light fifty (M82) in Sierra Leonne. He fired at an approaching Nissan pick-up and discovered later that his round had split the cylinder block, admitedly aluminium.
I find it highly unlikley that a 50 can penitrate a destroyers hull this ship is designed to go in to battle and to have a 50 penitrate the hull doesn't give it a high servivability rate. The old battle ships had 14" of armor plate I would think that a ship like that would have a hull thicker than the blade of a D8 bulldozer don't you?  The battleships with a foot of armour plate are a thing of the past, obsolescence. The modern destroyer is a much less heavily armoured beast, primarily a floating helicopter pad and missile launcher. gun battles are a thing of the past and armour isn't much cop vs. an exocet. PS. Do mercs count as military or civilian for the purposes of this thread?
Here we are facing a tragedy involving 33 dead and 27 wounded young people and their families.  Comments, criticisms and other, at this point irrelevant remarks.  Not one single word of compassion or expression of condolence or sorrow.  How sad!
The condolence thread is posted in another part of the forum. This thread is about gun control.  You fooled me.  I read both. The only one who expressed compassion was Big Bear Scot.  Maybe I have to learn to read between the lines.
Be sure to give your guns a big fat kiss tonight before you go to bed tonight 'cuz guns did really good today.  I haven't gotten into this discussion before now because I think it's too early to speculate on what has happened.   I have nothing to do with the investigation of this incident. I do know some of the people working the investigation because the massive call-up for assistance summoned officers whom I have worked with in other shootings. They are extraordinarily competent and thorough investigators. But bear in mind that these men and women are not actors reading from a prepared script that has them solving a murder case in a half-hour TV time slot with room for commercial breaks. I can guarantee that this investigation will not keep pace with the expectations of impatient media news anchors.   I think we all need to slow down and wait to see what they uncover lest we embarrass ourselves with rampant speculation which later proves unfounded. I know, for example, that a search warrant has been obtained to search the suspected shooter's dorm room, and by now his room has undoubtedly been searched. The investigators have 72 hours to file a return with the Clerk of the Court containing an inventory of what, if anything, was seized as evidence from that room. Assuming that it is even possible to obtain a definitive answer to why and how this incident happened, we won't know it for several days. I remember our vain discussions of the officer-involved shooting in England that came in the days of heightened fear after the subway bombings. We were all (myself included) just ####### in the wind and speculating about an event before we really knew what happened.   There was a time after 9/11 when people stopped calling themselves liberal or conservative, Democrat or Republican, and simply said "we are Americans." This shooting is also an event which should temporarily transcend politics, and today it brought an anti gun ownership Democratic Governor and a pro gun ownership Republican President together to mourn the loss of life. Their reaction should serve as a lesson for all of us.   It amazes me that opportunists are lining up to claim political capital from an event which is still under investigation and not definitively answered yet. Locally, I see ignorant racists are already blaming the suspected shooter's national origin, and are arguing that persons of Asian descent are "ungrateful" for the opportunity this nation has afforded them, and that we should send them all "back home where they belong." And now I see that within hours of the media awakening to this event gun control supporters are already using a shooting which they don't fully understand for their own ends. My friends, there will be a time to bring this event to the floor for evaluation in the gun control debate, but I submit that the time is not now. Now is the time to mourn what has happened, and to await the answers law enforcement can bring us for how and why this happened that will enable us to have a rational discussion of this tragedy. I know there are people in the world for whom the temptation of political opportunism is so great that they are capable of walking through fresh blood to mount their soap box, but I would be ashamed to be thought of as one of them.
I propose a ban on all student visas so this sort of thing will never happen again
[QUOTE=Galileo;259386] . He had been living here since 1992. He had a history of mental illness. QUOTE]   Mental illness? Yep, thats the key.   Most people with any kind of mental illness eventually crack up if they don't get proper treatment.
Which means that if there has been even 1 shooting in the last 10 years in the UK then the UK is per capita on Par with the USA in terms of mass shootings.  That's a difficult stat to look up for either country. I can't think of one over the last 10 years though.
Wow, Big topic.. =D
ahh.. the good old USA..  i lost any sympathy for anything that goes on in your country many many years ago... u have the biggest crooks running your country- history has shown that time and again.. every american predisent has the need to get in a war or start one purely as a muscle flexing exercise.. not to mention any financial benifits.. as far as you pathetic gun laws go well they speak for themselves.. so many mass shootings- what do you expect... i shoot here in australia but our gun laws dont give you a birthright to carry weapons like you americans do.. yeah i could stab 10 people in close quarters at a crowded niteclub before i got restrained but hey-- with a 9mm glock i could do more than 10..  wake up to yourself... we here about your mass shootings over here and its like " oh well" " another shooting rampage in the states".  yeah we had one in tasmania 10 years ago but how many have you had in the last 10 years? and yeah i know the populations are way different but if you had the laws we had then id say things would be way different...   ok... im off bunny shooting nowemoticon_xangel  Sounds like Australia has anti-American media too :)  Have you been to the US by any chance?
Being founded via convict settlement is actually a point of pride for many australians, it's mistaken to try and offend aussie posters by bringing this up.
Sergeant York wishes he had one of these...  http://www.snipercentral.com/brown.htm
Drug prohibition is the cause of drug dealers, drug pushers, turf wars, crack cocaine and the other harder drugs, financing for international terrorism, a bloated and unsustainable prison population, the aerial bombardment of south america with defoliants leading to birth defects and the propping up of criminals in power around the world on the basis of their drugs policy.  But hey, its worth it and we just need to do more, because clearly if heroin and crack were legal, we'd all go out and buy some.  And clearly getting tough on drugs is going to be successful in keeping them away, all we need is to transform our nations into giant prisons, guards for every cell block, surveillance in every room. Because we all know that when somewhere is as highly controlled as a prison, drugs can't get in.
Abaddon660- Ok, this seems to be your logic. If we legalize drugs then the availability will go up and the price will come down, therefore crime will be reduced.  There are a couple of flaws in your logic. First of all, not all of the crime caused by drug users is just theft to get there next fix. Some, more than just a little, of it is violent crime that has nothing to do with theft that is caused by various effects of various drugs (paranoia, sense of invincibility, excessive uncontrolled energy, increased violent tendencies in general). Making drugs legal would not decrease any of this.  Secondly, what makes you think that if drugs were made legal that they still wouldn't be tightly controlled and prices kept high? People who traffic drugs are still going to want to keep their high profit margins.  Third, drug dealers/traffickers/etc. are almost always affiliated with other crime in general. This wouldn't change if drugs were made legal because the suppliers would remain essentially the same.
Master Shake, that last part isn't true at all. Every single person who sells drugs that I know of is pretty peaceful and to the extent of my knowledge doesn't steal, fight, etc. So the guy you buy your pot from down the street isn't a mean guy. Big deal. Secondly, I was really talking about the primary suppliers, not small-timers, although the same applies to many small-timers.
I think you've watched too many mob movies. A lot of the weed is grown in the US, not imported. And most of the grown #### is grown by college students, small rings of adults, you know, people who aren't running entire business chains off them (as depicted in tv shows, whatever). There are other drugs, smokey.
Yes but they are dwarfed by marijuana. The only reason people reject it is because they were taught it was a bad thing to do, similar to the Iranian attitude toward premarital sex. I am aware that pot is the number one illegal drug in this country, but I think to say it "dwarfs" use of other drugs is a bit of an overstatement, especially with the sharp rise in production and use of meth in recent years, particularly in the midwest. Even if it was an accurate description, it's entirely beside the point.  It's also more than a bit disingenuous to say that "the only reason people reject it is because they were taught it was a bad thing to do" as if you're the enlightened one and everyone else is a pack of drooling lemmings. People have all sorts of good reasons they choose to not smoke and/or choose to oppose it's legalization. Secondly, if it is a bad thing to do, there's nothing wrong with being taught it's a bad thing to do. However, I would substitute "bad" with "dumb" in this case.
Anything unriggable?
Love the thought! But, I have one issue with Abbadon- How do we go about erasing the complete exsistence of drugs? And who is gonna do it? I sure doubt the government is gonna help...
My side of the debate is that we should have some gun control but once you take away the right of 1 person you've taken everyones right away! so... yeah...
My side of the debate is that a chicken is a bird but sometimes you have to break a few eggs to make an omelette!! ASL!?
sorry i dont give out personal info...!
My side of the debate is that a chicken is a bird but sometimes you have to break a few eggs to make an omelette!! ASL!?  and thats just kiddish!
in this very interesting forum is:  I'm pretty sure it isn't a hunting weapon.  The second amendment is not about hunting.
You're not a Scientologist are you?  Mental Health is determined by Psychologists and if neccesary, sectioning under the relavent legislation.
Serious question given your questioning of who makes decisions regarding mental illness.  Scientology and psychiatry Main articles: Scientology and psychiatry, CCHR, and Psychiatry: An Industry of Death  Scientologists regularly hold anti-psychiatry demonstrations called "Psychbusts"The Church of Scientology is one of a number of groups involved in the anti-psychiatry movement, and one of the few organizations that publicly oppose the study and application of psychology in addition to psychiatry, claiming that psychiatry was responsible for World War I,[247] the rise of Hitler and Stalin,[248] the decline in education standards in the United States,[249] the wars in Bosnia and Kosovo,[250] and the September 11 attacks.[251] The Church's point of view on these issues is documented mainly by Church groups and magazines such as those published by the Citizens Commission on Human Rights and Freedom Magazine.
O.o  I'm not going to dignify O_X's post with a reply.  I trust government to define the world just like I trust you to say something intelligent. So, who defines the world, in the legal sense of the word? The people? The people elect the government, the government defines the world. Better yet, professionals define what they are professional about. That's what is happening here, overseen by a democratically-elected govt.
I was doing some research on the crime rate in the UK, and stumbled across this page:  Knife Culture.  I hope it'll stimulate some thought and discussion on the issue. Thanks for reading!
seekerrr,  Having read through your interminable rant, I would like to pose just one question to you.  If you argue the dubious point that rights come from somewhere outside men's rational mind, do you believe that God gave people the right to view kiddie porn?  After all, the Framers began 1A with the stirring words, "Congress shall make NOLAW..."  Some of the gun nuts on this forum have been saying that I have trouble reading, but do you think the words NO LAW can be construed in any other way than to say NONE WHATSOEVER or NOT A SINGLE ONE?emoticon_smile
grideer,  The First Amendment says a lot more than simply "Congress shall make no law", so you can't go just by that alone.   OK. It says "Congress shall make NO LAW respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof of abridging freedom of speech or of the press, or of the right of the people peaceably to assemble and to petition the government for a redress of grievances."  Now, what part of NO LAW can be interpreted in a manner other than NONE without destroying the original intent of the framers?:xbanghead
grider,  I'm curios as to just what part of the First Amendment has to do with your precious kiddie porn that you so desperately want.  Trust me, Jack, I don't want it at all. I find even thinking about its being disseminated vile and disgusting.  BTW, don't project your desires on me.  All I want to know is how in the name of the First Amendment it can be banned.  Care to enlighten us? After all, you're the one who kept harping on the literal meaning of the second clause of 2A.  Pray tell us how you can be in favor of a literal reading of one Amendment and then decline to take the same approach to another Amendment.
grider,  Then why in the hell did you even bring up the subject for discussion if it disgusts you so greatly?   Because you and the other gun nuts bleat constantly about the individual right to bear arms as stated, you constantly proclaimed, in the plain meaning of the words of 2A.  We just want to see what limits you are willing to put on the plain meaning of the words of 1A when you are so adamant that 2A be given its literal meaning.  It seems to us that you and your ilk want the Consitution's words to be given their plain meaning when it suits your interests, but you want to twist them out of all their literal meaning when they don't.  You are all victims of the dread disease known as Doublestandarditis.
bhbcu64, I think you argument is confusing the issue by blending together two separate issues regarding the RKBA-the nature of the right (individual/collective) and the scope of the right (absolute/limited). They are independent and must be dealt with in turn.  Let me first address the nature of the right. I agree with your assertion that the founders were "wordsmiths." The nature of the right could not be more plainly stated by them: "the right of the people." This is clearly an expression of an individual right. When these men drafted constitutions, they did not write that states have "rights." They always couched these abilities in terms of "power" and "authority." Only individual citizens have rights.   Look also at the 10th. A. These wordsmiths knew how to write out a reservation of power to the states when they wanted to confer power or authority to them. They didn't do so in the 2nd. A.   The phrase "the right of the people" was used in the 1st., 2nd., and 4th. Amendments. Your collective right argument takes this tack:  The phrase recognizes an individual right in the 1st. A, is mutated into a collective state's "right" in the 2nd. A, only to mutate back into an individual right in the 4th. A.   This argument is incompatible with the assertion our founders were 'wordsmiths." You cannot argue-when confronted with the same phrase being used each time-that the nature of the rights is anything but individual in all three Amendments absent the judicious use of some form of Orwellian "doublespeak."   Now let's talk about the scope of the right. When you speak of "Congress shall make no law" you turn away from the individual nature of the right and begin to take on the second issue: what is the scope of the protected right.  I have never argued that any of our rights is absolute in scope. The absolute literal interpretation of the scope of the RKBA has been a favorite sham argument of gun control advocates for years. See:  http://www.4forums.com/political/showthread.php?p=155170#post155170   Oh, and I went back and re-addressed your question of the "well regulated" militia:   http://www.4forums.com/political/showthread.php?p=304997#post304997   I welcome you to read it as well and give me your thoughts.  ---  The issue, however, is not whether court rules are "mutable"; they assuredly are. It is not whether, in the light of "various circumstances," they can be "modifi[ed]"; they assuredly can. The issue is whether, as mutated and modified, they must make sense. The requirement that they do so is the only thing that prevents this Court from being some sort of nine-headed Caesar, giving thumbs-up or thumbs-down to whatever outcome, case by case, suits or offends its collective fancy. Dickerson v. United States, 530 U.S. 428, 455 (2000) (Scalia, dissenting).
keseltron,  [B]The problem with kiddie porn is it's creation, not it's broadcast. Bottom line, kiddie porn is rape, and will not be tolerated.[B]  Agreed absolutely, which is why I want those who produce the stuff prosecuted, and, if convicted in a fair trial, punished as severely as the law allows, but that's not the issue.   Broadcasting it is shameful, but not by it's self a sin.  Which I why I limited my hypothetical to private ownership.  There are laws against it's broadcast, just the same as there are laws against owning weapons. Neither are correct by the constitutional standard.   True, but again not the issue. The issue is more aabout the stream of commerce. As this related to 2A, the lesson of Miller is that firearms having no military use cannot be placed in the stream of commerce.  The plain language of 1A makes the reverse appear to be true. "Press" requires distribution to be press, with, of course, the concomitant right of people to not read it.
Bryan,  I have never argued that any of our rights is absolute in scope.   That may well be your particular belief.  However, the wordsmiths clearly did intend, by their inclusion of the words NO LAW in 1A for the right to be absolute.  What other meaning can these 2 little words be given that are true to their original intent?
mutz,  "If no right is absolute and everything has limitations, how can you argue against limitations imposed on 2a rights?"  A troubling concession. Well played BHB.   Exactly. Go to the head of the class.
grider,  There's a large difference between meaningful limitations for the protection and continued existance and safety of the people, and limitations that exist simply for the sake of existance and have been proven useless.   Please tell us just exactly what the difference is, especially in light of those who think the limitations on 1A are as "useless" as you think the ones on 2A are.
You wanna know the difference involved? Fine.  Meaningful restrictions would include the prohibition of allowing for someone to publicly call for the murder of a group of individuals in an attempt to incite a riot and anger the people listening, which could lead to people getting hurt or killed. Meaningful restrictions are about prohibiting stupid extremists behavior and acts.   Stupid restrictions seek to address problems that don't exist and often times hurt people rather than helping anyone, such as requiring gun owners to report the loss or theft of their firearm 72 hours after they knew or "should have known" of the disappearance.  Meaningful restrictions exist because of genuine problems that demanded their creation.  Stupid restrictions exist because some damn politician didn't like how things were normally run and thought there was room for improvement with more red tape.  I hear you saying that we should draw the line somewhere between "meaningful" and "stupid" restrictions.
grider,  Meaningful restrictions are about prohibiting stupid extremists behavior and acts.    And your definition of "stupid extremists" is...?  Please word your definition in such a way that ALL Americans, not simply those who support your POV, agree.
seeker,  If that process is not followed, but changes are made through activist courts or by legislation which glaringly disregards the laws that give them their powers, that is breaking the law.  You mean like the activist court which, while looking at a magazine, decided that it was not speech or press simply because it contained "obscenity" and therefore not covered by 1A?  Now that's activism; that is breaking the law.  Why am I certain that's not what you were posting about?;)
grider,  If it WAS what you were talking about, welcome to the group of us who believe that 1A means exactly what it says.
Bryan,  I have never argued that any of our rights is absolute in scope.   That may well be your particular belief.  However, the wordsmiths clearly did intend, by their inclusion of the words NO LAW in 1A for the right to be absolute.  What other meaning can these 2 little words be given that are true to their original intent?   Bhbcu64, I only ask that you do not confuse the nature of our rights with the scope of their protection. It is, as you concede, my opinion that none of our rights are absolute-and here again we find ourselves in disagreement.  Here are some questions for your absolutist completely-unlimited-in-any-way-interpretation to ponder:   Do you suggest that our founders intended to abolish the laws prohibiting libel, slander, and conspiracy to commit a crime when they wrote "Congress shall make no law"?   If we accept your absolute unlimited scope argument, then could I not sacrifice an innocent virgin child at sunrise on the winter solstice to appease the sun god to ensure the return of spring?   Could I avoid a charge of murder, or is your argument over the absolute interpretation different when the language is "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof"?   Have we found a ceiling for your interpretation yet, or does your NO LAW = NO POSSIBLE RESTRICTIONS argument become the truth that sets me free?  Can you find a single SCOTUS case (or one from any of the circuit courts of appeals for that matter) which deals with your logic?  I have. It is the 1st. Amendment case of Konigsberg v. States Bar, 366 U.S. 36, 56 (1961). I cited you to this earlier because I thought it would enlighten you to see how SCOTUS dealt with the argument you are making now, and I thought it relevant to this blog site because it mentions the 2nd. Amendment and Miller [In particular, look at footnote 10]:  "At the outset we reject the view that freedom of speech and association ( N. A. A. C. P. v. Alabama, 357 U.S. 449, 460 ), as protected by the First and Fourteenth Amendments, are "absolutes," not only in the undoubted sense that where the constitutional protection exists it must prevail, but also in the sense that the scope of that protection must be gathered solely from a literal reading of the First Amendment. [FOOTNOTE 10] Throughout its history this Court has consistently recognized at least two ways in which constitutionally protected freedom of speech is narrower than an unlimited license to talk. On the one hand, certain forms of speech, or speech in certain contexts, has been considered outside the scope of constitutional protection. [FOOTNOTE 11] See, e. g., Schenck v. United States, 249 U.S. 47; Chaplinsky v. New Hampshire, 315 U.S. 568; Dennis v. United States, 341 U.S. 494; Beauharnais v. Illinois, 343 U.S. 250; Yates v. United States, 354 U.S. 298; Roth v. United States, 354 U.S. 476."  Here are the footnotes:  [FOOTNOTE 10] "That view, which of course cannot be reconciled with the law relating to libel, slander, misrepresentation, obscenity, perjury, false advertising, solicitation of crime, complicity by encouragement, conspiracy, and the like, is said to be compelled by the fact that the commands of the First Amendment are stated in unqualified terms: "Congress shall make no law . . . abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble . . . ." But as Mr. Justice Holmes once said: "[T]he provisions of the Constitution are not mathematical formulas having their essence in their form; they are organic living institutions transplanted from English soil. Their significance is vital not formal; it is to be gathered not simply by taking the words and a dictionary, but by considering their origin and the line of their growth." Gompers v. United States, 233 U.S. 604, 610. In this connection also compare the equally unqualified command of the Second Amendment: "the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed." And see United States v. Miller, 307 U.S. 174.  [FOOTNOTE 11] "That the First Amendment immunity for speech, press and assembly has to be reconciled with valid but conflicting governmental interests was clear to Holmes, J. ("I do not doubt for a moment that by the same reasoning that would justify punishing persuasion to murder, the United States constitutionally may punish speech that produces or is intended to produce a clear and imminent danger that it will bring about forthwith certain substantive evils that the United States constitutionally may seek to prevent." Abrams v. United States, 250 U.S. 616, 627); to Brandeis, J. ("But, although the rights of free speech and assembly are fundamental, they are not in their nature absolute." Whitney v. California, 274 U.S. 357, 373); and to Hughes, C. J. ("[T]he protection [of free speech] even as to previous restraint is not absolutely unlimited." Near v. Minnesota, 283 U.S. 697, 716.)"  You may disagree, but SCOTUS has always ruled against you on this issue. If you ever want to change either mine or the Court's mind on this point, then you must come up with an argument that goes beyond "because that's what I think." Is there anything, anywhere, from any time in our nation's history which supports your absolute unlimited scope interpretation argument? I am genuinely curious to know if you have something which has yet to be revealed.  ---  "The issue, however, is not whether court rules are "mutable"; they assuredly are. It is not whether, in the light of "various circumstances," they can be "modifi[ed]"; they assuredly can. The issue is whether, as mutated and modified, they must make sense. The requirement that they do so is the only thing that prevents this Court from being some sort of nine-headed Caesar, giving thumbs-up or thumbs-down to whatever outcome, case by case, suits or offends its collective fancy." Dickerson v. United States, 530 U.S. 428, 455 (2000) (Scalia, dissenting).
Bryan,  Do you suggest that our founders intended to abolish the laws prohibiting libel, slander, and conspiracy to commit a crime when they wrote "Congress shall make no law"?   I don't know, and I'm sure that YOU don't, either, although the SCOTUS nearly abolished the law of libel as it applies to people in the public eye in NY Times v. Sullivan.  That's exactly my point.  It seems hypocritical at best for the gun nuts to insist that the words "NO LAW" in 1A must be interpreted until all the meaning of those two little words is stripped bare and yet insist that the words of 2A must be given their literal meaning.
I'm going to offer you some advice, bhbcu64: You should really read cases before you argue they support your position. And when you get the holding wrong because you don't bother to read them, you should at least get them wrong enough to help your position.   Do you realize that your own interpretation of this case cuts against your absolutist argument?   When you incorrectly say that SCOTUS "nearly abolished," aren't you agreeing the interpretation should be "Congress shall make nearly no law"? Is this what you mean by "[t]hat's exactly my point"?   I have read Sullivan before. It does not say what you want it to say. It was a libel suit brought by a public official in Alabama who became upset over a paid political advertisement that was run in the Times:  "The advertisement included statements, some of which were false, about police action allegedly directed against students who participated in a civil rights demonstration and against a leader of the civil rights movement; respondent claimed the statements referred to him because his duties included supervision of the police department." New York Times Co. v. Sullivan, 376 U.S. 254, 254 (1964)  Sullivan claimed the false statements libeled him. The case was tried under Alabama's "libelous per se" law, which only required proof that the statements were false and did not require a showing that the publisher of the statement acted with actual malice. The Times appealed to SCOTUS and asked SCOTUS to use the 14th. Amendment to declare the Alabama law violated the 1st. Amendment.  Read your case, bhbcu64. SCOTUS merely held that in a libel action a public official cannot rely upon a "libelous per se" state law, and the 1st. Amendment required proof that the statement was not only false but was made with malice:  "The constitutional guarantees require, we think, a federal rule that prohibits a public official from recovering damages for a defamatory falsehood relating to his official conduct unless he proves that the statement was made [page 280] with 'actual malice' - that is, with knowledge that it was false or with reckless disregard of whether it was false or not." Id. at 279-280.  SCOTUS did not "nearly abolish" the law of libel. All it did was establish what proof must be met before an official can win a libel suit. This case cuts against your position.  That's exactly my point.   I tell you what: If I were ever reckless enough to ask you to defend me on a charge of murder by human sacrifice, then by all means please make the absolute "Congress shall make no law" argument. Just don't cite Sullivan to the judge....  ---  "Reason means truth and those who are not governed by it take the chance that someday the sunken fact will rip the bottom out of their boat." Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
Bryan,  SCOTUS did not &#8220;nearly abolish&#8221; the law of libel. All it did was establish what proof must be met before an official can win a libel suit. This case cuts against your position.   Silly you, not getting that the SCOTUS set the bar so high in a libel suit as to de facto eliminate libel as it relates to a publlic official.  Where is the mind reader with sufficient ability to discern when and where a newspaper is acting with "actual malice"?  If the bar is so high as to be out of reach, the net effect is to abolish the cause of action entirely.
grider,  The bar really isn't set that high, you just have to supply proof that the statement was false and made by someone who knew that it was false.  Sorry, that's not ALL Sullivan stands for.  Do you know what actual malice means in the law?  I suggest you might start with Black's Law Dictionary.
seekerr,  Umm....because you're the only one talking about the 1st Amendment in a 2nd Amendment thread perhaps?  I just hope that you remember that the same SCOTUS which can read things into one Amendment that are not there can read things out of another one that you seem to think are there.  As the great Chief Justice John Marshall declared, "The Constitution is most definitely what the judges say it is."
Bhbcu64, I don&#8217;t want to keep hitting you here over a 1st. Amendment issue. It&#8217;s just that your misinterpretation of the 1st. affects the credibility of your interpretation of the 2nd.   Please read the Sullivan case before you post on it again. SCOTUS is not using the Black&#8217;s definition of &#8220;malice.&#8221; If you had read both, then you would have realized that Black&#8217;s definition of malice is a different, criminal context definition. This is what SCOTUS said: &#8220;'actual malice' &#8212; that is, with knowledge that it was false or with reckless disregard of whether it was false or not.&#8221; (which, when you think about it, is also a fair description of your arguments). In later cases this standard came to be known by the name &#8220;New York Times malice.&#8221; You would not so easily confuse it with the Black&#8217;s definition of &#8220;malice&#8221; if you would read your case.   Now to answer your mocking &#8220;where are the mind readers&#8221; question: Sullivan tells you this if you would bother to read your case. Justice Brennan, writing for the majority, decided to play the mind reader, starting with this paragraph:  &#8220;Since respondent may seek a new trial, we deem that considerations of effective judicial administration require us to review the evidence in the present record to determine [Page 285] whether it could constitutionally support a judgment for respondent. This Court's duty is not limited to the elaboration of constitutional principles; we must also in proper cases review the evidence to make certain that those principles have been constitutionally applied. This is such a case, particularly since the question is one of alleged trespass across &#8216;the line between speech unconditionally guaranteed and speech which may legitimately be regulated.&#8217;&#8221; New York Times Co. v. Sullivan, 376 U.S. 254, 284-285 (1964) (bold emphasis added).  Now here is another question for you: How do you continue to have faith in your NO LAW = NO POSSIBLE RESTRICTIONS argument when the case you cite for this position agrees that a line exists &#8220;between speech unconditionally guaranteed and speech which may legitimately be regulated&#8221;?  Again, you really should bother to read your case before you allow me to use it against you. The first rule of debating is to make sure your arguments are internally consistent. Your posts raise a new and novel question touching on this rule: Are your arguments really inconsistent when you don&#8217;t realize that they are?   Now I am also curious to know if you did any research before you made this statement:  If the bar is so high as to be out of reach, the net effect is to abolish the cause of action entirely.  Do you want me to cite you cases which made it over the bar?  I am enjoying our discussion, Bhbcu64, but I&#8217;ve got to tell you: If you won&#8217;t bother to research what you are saying then you&#8217;re acting like a blind man, in a dark room, trying to catch a black cat that isn&#8217;t there. I&#8217;m offering to turn on the light for you, but I can&#8217;t make you open your eyes.   Now I have answered all your questions again. If you are still wedded to your No LAW = NO POSSIBLE RESTRICTION argument, then go ahead and answer my &#8220;human sacrifice example&#8221; question. It does not appear you could do any worse with that one.
Bryan,  How do you continue to have faith in your NO LAW = NO POSSIBLE RESTRICTIONS argument when the case you cite for this position agrees that a line exists &#8220;between speech unconditionally guaranteed and speech which may legitimately be regulated&#8221;?   You STILL don't get it, do you?  Brennan's opinion ought to make you gun nuts shake in your tidy whities.  What he is saying is that the SCOTUS claims the right to interpret "NO LAW" from 1A out of all existence.  If the SCOTUS can claim that some speech, despite the absolute terms of 1A, can "legitimately be regulated" what is to stop the SCOTUS from saying that some provisions of of 2A may also "legitimately be regulated"?  All it will take is for President Obama to replace 3 or 4 Justices, which seems more and more likely, to bring about that happy outcome.  Doesn't the phrase "legitimately be regulated" strike fear into you and your ilk?  If I were in your position, I would be afraid, very afraid.
Seeker,  So, is the intent of the 2nd Amendment to protect an individual right to keep and bear arms or not as far as you're concerned?  It is my fond hope that the SCOTUS will rule that way.  I favor the Canadian rules on gun ownership.  The thought that, when I walk down the street, I do not know who is or is not armed fills me with dread.
Grider,  Only criminals have any reason at all to be afraid of people being armed, so what's that say for you?   Care to tell that to the families of those murdered at Virginia Tech, Auburn, UNC, etc., all of whom were killed by people carrying firearms that were legally obtained?  Nope, because you don't have the stones to do so.   What crimes did those innocents commit that should have made them afraid of weapons-toting crazies?  All sizzle - no fajita.  Now you really turn my stomach with your absurdities.
grider,  Let me ask you again. What is it that you do, that makes you afraid of law-abiding citizens who are legally carrying guns to protect themselves? Are you a rapist? A mugger? A murderer? A carjacker? A pothead?   "None of the above" fits quite well, thank you.  BTW, the UNC and Auburn gun victims were off campus.  BTW #2, if the state can ban guns at schools, they have the power to ban them everywhere.  Be very afraid!
Angels and ministers of grace defend us! Bhbcu64 has finally agreed with something I have said.   Today you tell me that Sullivan would support the view that none of our rights, including the RKBA, is absolute-and that SCOTUS feels it has the power to define their limits (And you say I should be afraid). Today you complain: You STILL don't get it, do you?  Oh, what a tangled web you weave, bhbcu64! It appears a brief history lessen is now in order:   I'm the one that gave you this argument to begin with. I started in this thread with you by giving that very same "no right is absolute" explanation. Back then you disagreed with the very position you take today. Surely you remember my original position and your response? You quoted mine back to me when you disagreed with me then (and your own self now):  Bryan, I have never argued that any of our rights is absolute in scope.  That may well be your particular belief. However, the wordsmiths clearly did intend, by their inclusion of the words NO LAW in 1A for the right to be absolute. What other meaning can these 2 little words be given that are true to their original intent?  That was only three days ago, my friend. Can't you remember now that we started with my arguing that no right is absolute and you went off on an absolute NO LAW = NO POSSIBLE RESTRICTION 1st. amendment argument?  Do you remember I then called you out by citing authority which contradicts your view, and more importantly I challenged you to give me a single case which supports your view?  You applied you powers of research, and do you remember your response? You cited Sullivan and claimed it supported your view. In particular, you claimed it: "nearly abolished the law of libel as it applies to people in the public eye."   Do you remember how I then said "no it didn't"? Do you remember how I quoted you the language from the case to prove this. More importantly, don't you remember that I asked this follow up: When you incorrectly say that SCOTUS "nearly abolished," aren't you agreeing the interpretation should be "Congress shall make nearly no law"?  You remembered it then, because you immediately jumped to correct this obvious contradiction with your argument by spinning it this way:   SCOTUS set the bar so high in a libel suit as to de facto eliminate libel as it relates to a public official. If the bar is so high as to be out of reach, the net effect is to abolish the cause of action entirely.  You went on to claim libel was abolished because no one could make the factual determination set forth in Sullivan. Your mocking question asked "where were the mind readers?".   Don't you remember that I then re-cited you to the case you still have not read to prove you wrong about it again? Do you remember how I showed you how you were also applying the wrong definition of malice? Do you remember how I answered your "mind readers" question? I pointed out where in the case the SCOTUS justices described how they felt they could be your mind readers. I directly cited a quote from the case which destroys your "Sullivan stands for NO LAW = NO RESTRICTIONS argument." I'm sure you noticed that I threatened to throw subsequent cases at you which found libel in spite of your claimed "de facto" ban. Have you so soon forgotten how I chided you again for not reading and understanding your case?  Now, today, you try today to take all that history back and pretend this was not the real reason you cited the case. Today you tell me the real reason you cited it is because you believe Sullivan stands for the position that SCOTUS believes no right is absolute.   How quickly you have forgotten that this was the very position I had adopted when we started! How very quickly you have forgotten that your original argument was not only directly contradictory to what you say now, but that you actually claimed that Sullivan stood for your absolutist position!   Thank you for at last agreeing that I was right when I first started this discussion with you, even if you want to pretend to have forgotten that was my position all along. Here it is, cited to you again:  http://www.4forums.com/political/showthread.php?p=155170#post155170  Oh, and not that I want you to fanaticize any further about my underwear, but for your information I prefer boxer briefs-they are so much more comfortable.  Now before I go let me throw a shout out to some of the other bloggers here:  Hey Dr. No and Ghost Rider! One of you guys need to call the police and report the theft of portable goalposts! You know, the ones bhbcu64 tried to leave at both your front doors-and which he repossessed in the darkness of this early morning.   ---  I also note that you ae engaged in goalpost shifting. (bhbcu64 response to Dr. No in U.S. v. Miller thread, posted 3/3/08)  Wow! Those goalpossts sure are portable in your hands, old chap. (bhbcu64 response to Ghost Rider in U.S. v. Miller thread, posted 3/4/08)
Bryan,  How quickly you have forgotten that this was the very position I had adopted when we started! How very quickly you have forgotten that your original argument was not only directly contradictory to what you say now, but that you actually claimed that Sullivan stood for your absolutist position!  You're exactly 180 degrees out of phase here, old chap.  It is the gun crowd which claims an absolutist position under 2A without a single word in the Constitution to support that POV.  What I have been saying all along is that, even in the face of the absolutist terms of 1A (NO LAW), the SCOTUS has interpreted that out of all rational meaning.  What you need to be very afraid of is that the SCOTUS will reject YOUR absolutist position on 2A, which has far less underpinning it in its text than 1A does and rule in a way you will truly dislike.  Now, please try to read this as slowly as I have typed it. Maybe you'll get it.emoticon_love
grider,  You see, unlike YOU we're actually reasonable people, and we're fully willing to accept restrictions so long as they're perfectly reasonable.   And, as we know, REASONABLE people can differ in their understanding of the definition of the word "reasonable".  You say 2A permits the private ownership of firearms. You call that reasonable. I call that unreasonable.  I would like to see firearms, except for hunting guns, extirpated from the USA. I call that reasonable. You call it unreasonable.  It's a push!
What I have been saying all along is that, even in the face of the absolutist terms of 1A (NO LAW), the SCOTUS has interpreted that out of all rational meaning.   Actually no, bhcbu64, it took you several times of assuming the position and yelling "thank you sir may I have another" before I disabused you of the opposite view. It was only this morning that you finally agreed with what I have been saying all along.   What you need to be very afraid of is that the SCOTUS will reject YOUR absolutist position on 2A....  Actually no, I have never assumed that view. Between us I have always been the one to argue that the scope of the individual RKBA is limited, and can be subject to rational limitation. But you knew that. I have posted this view in every response I have given you in this thread.   Now you're just being deliberately dishonest (again).   I'm glad you're slowing down your typing speed. Consider, however, that no one here is judging you on a words-per-minute basis. What we are judging is how little thought and veracity goes into what you type, regardless of its speed.  ---  "Do not veil the truth with falsehood, nor conceal the truth knowingly." The Koran, 2:42
HMMM!  Could it be that there is dissension among the gun nuts as to just what the word "reasonable" means?  Look at the previous two posts. One guy thinks a reasonable restriction would be to prevent felons from ever again possessing firearms; the other one calls this unreasonable.  Well, Glory be!!emoticon_xangel
grider,  There's dissension among the ranks of gun-haters as to just what the word "reasonable" means as well.    No argument there.  Seems as though we need to let the courts resolve the matter. That's their function under Article III and Marbury.
grider & seekerr,  We gun control advocates will sit this one out by being on the sidelines with smiles on our faces.  How about you two duel it out?  Do pistols at ten paces sound good to you?  Worked for Burr, Hamilton, and Old Hickory.
seekerr,  But here, you don't agree or disagree, instead you just try to foment discord between two people trying to have a civil conversation.  Sorry, Jack, but I'm not fomenting anything.  You and the grider are having quite a set-to; we're just sitting back, watching, and grinning.  I hope you do enjoy the cannon that that old gun-grabber ghost rider is trying to snatch from your cold, dead hands.:)
Ahhhm, so Brady is a liar. Noted.
You two! Take your biblical debate elsewhere! This is a discussion about how banning guns will only save the lives of the criminals, not the regular people.  You're going to have to make a new thread. Once AA starts on the biblical threats and the whole "you twisted my words" tirades the thread's value goes to zero.
Except I can't see Jesus owning, carrying, or using a gun. Can you? Um, what does Jesus have to do with this subject? Is that the best you can do?
AA is a self declared Evangelical Fundie. Where he's concerned the Bible comes into everything, including this. Perhaps, but what was stated has nothing to do with the topic at hand. Nothing.
Militia members should keep their muzzle-loaders cleaned and ready for defence of their nation. Civilians with other types of gun should be shot on sight by them.
Penfold, Load up that muzzle with sarcasm!! Well, perhaps not.  It will likely zoom over his head like your previous post.
Why would he do that? He's a crook, not a murderer.
That's not funny.   It was not intended to be so. Your mildly paranoiac idea of a burglar's raison d'etre might be interpreted as such.
I'm going to get into the discussion because I disagree with a few things iangb has said.  1. "Attacking someone is not defending yourself. Attacking someone is attack. A gun is an offensive weapon, not defensive - if you want to defend your home, buy a decent burglar alarm and/or surveillance equipment, or a safe room."  I disagree. The right of self defense is often referred to as "the first law of nature." It's has been recognized since time immemorial to be a legitimate reaction to an attack. The legal limit of that reaction may vary across jurisdictions, but it is typically limited by language similar to the following: "the force used in self-defense must be reasonable in relation to the harm threatened, and no person may use deadly force in self-defense unless he reasonably feared, under the circumstances as they appeared to him, that he was in danger of being killed or that he was in danger of great bodily harm."  Firearms are merely one tool that may be used to defend yourself. They provide the weak with the means to resist the life-threatening attack of the strong.   If a woman were being attacked in her kitchen by a knife wielding and much stronger man, and she killed him in self defense, would you praise or at least excuse her for saving her own life by stabbing him with a butcher knife taken from her drawer, but condemn her if she shot him with a handgun she kept in her purse?  2. "but I would add in the extra condition that 'self defence' is not a valid reason for owning a gun. See the UK system of gun ownership."  For the reasons above I would disagree with this statement. But to take it further, I do not believe I am required to provide a "valid reason" for the peaceful exercise of this right anymore than I must give a "valid reason" why I go to a non-state-sponsored church, speak my mind freely here, or buy a good book or newspaper. I have reasons, but unless and until the 9 headed Caesar decides that the RKBA is to be struck from my nation's charter (and that decision is due any day now) then I don't have to provide them before I get permission to exercise this right.   3. "If a 'right' puts innocents at risk, it shouldn't be a 'right'."  I disagree with this assertion. There are a number of people who have said similar things about the right to be free from unreasonable search and seizure, the right to remain silent, the right of habeas corpus, and the right of counsel. The question I have is how far would you carry your statement? If I were to use your statement as a justification for limiting these other rights, then how would you respond?   But perhaps the better question is what right does anyone else have to demand that I surrender my firearms?   ---  "And indeed, gentlemen, there exists a law, not written down anywhere but written in our hearts; a law which comes to us not by training or custom or reading but by derivation and absorption and adoption from nature itself; a law which has come to us not by theory but from practice, not by instruction but by natural intuition. I refer to the law which lays it down that, if our lives are endangered by plots or violence or armed robbers or enemies, any and every method of protecting ourselves is morally right. When weapons reduce them to silence, the laws no longer expect one to await their pronouncements. For people who decide to wait for these will have to wait for justice, too--and meanwhile they must suffer injustice first. Indeed, even the wisdom of the law itself, by a sort of tacit implication, permits self- defense, because it does not actually forbid men to kill; what it does, instead, is to forbid the bearing of a weapon with the intention to kill. When, therefore, an inquiry passes beyond the mere question of the weapon and starts to consider the motive, a man who has used arms in self-defense is not regarded as having carried them with homicidal aim". Cicero, Selected Political Speeches, p. 222 (M. Grant, trans. 1975)  "If a slave, says Plato, defends himself, and kills a freeman, he ought to be treated as a parricide. This is a civil law which punishes self-defense, though dictated by nature. . . .It is unreasonable. . .to oblige a man not to attempt the defense of his own life. . . .Who does not see that self-defense is a duty superior to every precept. . . .[T]he laws of an Italian republic, where bearing fire-arms is punished as a capital crime and where it is not more fatal to make an ill use of them than to carry them, is not agreeable to the nature of things." Montesquieu, The Spirit of Laws, pp. 59, 60, 64, and 79-80 (trans. T. Nugent, 1899).
I'm sorry, iangb, I may have misunderstood what you meant when you said this:   "Attacking someone is not defending yourself. Attacking someone is attack. A gun is an offensive weapon, not defensive - if you want to defend your home, buy a decent burglar alarm and/or surveillance equipment, or a safe room."  This appeared to me to be an argument that self defense cannot exist if a gun is used. Do you believe that a gun can never be used in self-defense?   Now I would like to address a few of your responses to me in your most recent post:  1. "What I do have, is the problem shown here and here (all references to 'shoot them first'). This is the way that gun use seems to be taking America."  There may be a belief that defensive gun use in America is trending into some cartoonish Daffy Duck opinion of how to handle problems ("Shoot him now! Shoot him now!") But I would say as an American citizen and someone who is intimately familiar with crime, including gun crime, that there is no such trend, despite your citing two statements from fellow posters here.   When my home state of Virginia streamlined and relaxed its CCW permit process about 15 years ago the consensus was many more Virginians would get permits and carry concealed. That belief was certainly born out. The alarmist cries of "there will be blood" have long since faded, however, and those who uttered them retired in silence when their prophecy of shootouts in stores and on the streets by untrained, ill-prepared, and trigger happy CCW permit holders proved false. These same prophets resurfaced in the more recent debate in Florida, where the law was changed granting greater authority to citizens to use firearms to defend themselves outside their homes. We saw similar alarmist claims that Florida would become the "Gunshine State" and we would see a spike in handgun violence by CCW permit holders in situations like "shootings by enraged drivers at accident scenes."   Where are all these false prophets today?  2. "Or provide the weak with an oppertunity to threaten and attack the strong. It works both ways."  (and from our discussion of my "woman with knife v. gun" defense scenario) "If the woman killed the man with a knife or a gun when there was no threat to her, I would condemn it."  Absolutely. I agree with this completely. If a firearm is used to threaten/wound/kill outside of legitimate self-defense, then I think we can agree to call this a gun crime. This is how I choose to respond to any gun crime:   I do not believe that we should blame the sword for the hand that wields it. What we should do instead is hold those who are a fault accountable-the person who chose to commit a wrongful act through an unjustifiable motive, be it anger, hatred, revenge, greed, etc. We should seek to hold accountable the person who knew right from wrong, who understood the nature and consequences of his actions, and who made a conscious choice to shoot someone and take their life without a shred of legitimate excuse or justification. This is how I respond to gun crime.  You may agree or disagree. As I have not asked your opinion on this subject yet I do not know.  What I do see from you is a desire to go further in response to gun crime and target peaceable citizens-men and women for whom their government cannot articulate even the slightest hint of suspicion or imputation of having committed an offense. The RKBA is a fundamental right, and I believe it will be a sad day when it becomes the general policy of my government to punish the innocent for the crimes of the guilty by depriving them of this right.  3. "Fair enough, but I am arguing to limit that right, so this doesn't much convince me."   I want to make sure then that I understand your position. Are you agreeing that what I call the RKBA is a "right," or is it merely a custom or permitted practice? Regardless of whether it is a "right" or not, are you then advocating greater than present limits on the right as opposed to a total ban or private firearm ownership/possession?  4. "The main argument for the historical context of the right to bear arms is the means to form a millitia against an invading army - somewhat out of date, 250 years later."  I must respectfully yet completely disagree here. There is absolutely no evidence to suggest the main argument in favor of a militia system was that it was intended to protect my nation from external enemies. The Founders of my nation did not fight against an invading army. They fought against the standing army of their own government. The "main argument" for the militia system arose from a very real fear of a standing army and its use by a domestic tyrant as an instrument of his tyranny. The militia clause of the 2nd. Amendment is nothing more than a restatement of this important principle: "That a well-regulated militia, composed of the body of the people, trained to arms, is the proper, natural, and safe defense of a free state; that standing armies, in time of peace, should be avoided, as dangerous to liberty." (cite in link below). I defy anyone to show how this primary original intent has become less relevant with the passage of time.  Before you respond, please read and also give me your thoughts on this:  http://www.4forums.com/political/showthread.php?p=98925#post98925   5. "Simply quoting the constitution can not justify it - the only thing that this seems to be allowed for is 'holy' texts, on the basis that they are dictated by higher powers."  Then I am ashamed to admit we have been going about it all wrong here for the last two centuries. Criminal suspects merely have to say "I plead the fifth" to avoid an interrogation. They are not required to justify why the 5th. Amendment says they have a right to remain silent, or why they feel it necessary to invoke this right. Homeowners can likewise freely deny officers permission to search their homes absent an authorizing search warrant, and motorists can freely refuse to consent to a search of their car absent the officer having probable cause to do so during a stop for speeding. In neither case are they required to justify to the officers involved why my Founders thought it important to include the 4th. Amendment in the BoR, nor are they required to justify/explain themselves further when the officer says "If you don't have anything to hide then why not let me search...."  6. "Heh, nice question. But again, it is based on the current constitution. Should guns be controlled, that would give people the right to demand that you surrender your weapons, just as the state currently demends that you hand over all terrorists, drugs and illegal material."  Again I want to be clear. Does this mean you believe the current interpretation of my Constitution recognizes an individual RKBA (which may or may not change this week with the pending gun case opinion)?  Now assume that SCOTUS says the government can demand that I surrender my guns. Tell me how you justify that demand-tell me why you believe I cannot be trusted with a firearm.   ---  "Nothing will make a nation so unconquerable as a militia, or every man's being trained to arms. . . . And if the generality of housekeepers were only half disciplined, a designing prince, or ministry, would hardly dare to provoke the people by an open attack on their liberties. . . .But without the people's having some knowledge of arms, I see not what is to secure them against slavery. . . .The confidence, which a standing army gives a minister, puts him upon carrying things with a higher hand, than he would attempt to do, if the people were armed, and the court unarmed, that is, if there were no land-force in the nation, but a militia. Had we [ England ] at this time no standing army, we should not think of forcing money out of the pockets of three millions of our subjects. .[a long list of injustices suffered by the colonists is omitted here] . .There is no end to observations on the difference between the measures likely to be pursued by a minister backed by a standing army, and those of a court awed by the fear of an armed people." James Burgh, 2 Political Disquisitions, pp. 390 and 475-76. ( London 1774).  "The most foolish mistake we could possibly make would be to allow the subject races to possess arms. History shows that all conquerors who have allowed their subject races to carry arms have prepared their own downfall by so doing. Indeed, I would go so far as to say that the supply of arms to the underdogs is a sine qua non for the overthrow of any sovereignty. So let's not have any native militia or native police. German troops alone will bear the sole responsibility for the maintenance of law and order throughout the occupied Russian territories, and a system of military strong-points must be evolved to cover the entire occupied country." Adolf Hitler, dinner talk on April 11, 1942, quoted in Hitler's Table Talk 1941-44: His Private Conversations, Second Edition (1973), Pg. 425-426.
I was going to do much research for arguing against gun control... but I happily stumbled on this document. See here.  All the arguments by gun control advocates are addressed (as far as I can read). So it seems to me, gun control laws are really just a way for others, who claim they are more "evolve" to impose their own set of morals on the rest of us.  Sort of like the profetallife screamers!!!
I'm for a few laws, like keeping them away from felons, mentally, etc those kinds of things. I am NOT for complete bans on certain type of firearm (i.e Assault Weapons, etc), or licensing (it's useless), registering, or banning gun shows (evidence shows that a very small percentage of criminals get them at gun shows, there is no point in banning them), safety locks (that is the responsibility of the owner), requirements on guns to be safe (chamber loaded indicators, magazine disconnects, the latter which can cause a fire arm to be unreliable).
I don't know of too many felons that have killed people with their right against unreasonable search and seizure, or right to due process, or their right to a speedy trial...do you? No right should be viewed as absolute. The 1st amendment ensures freedom of speech, but does that give you the right to stand up in a crowded movie theater and yell "fire"? Laws can and do prevent people from obtaining guns, although many others simply skirt around those laws.  You do know that murder is against the law, right?
