Would you be support National Health Care Plan?   http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/national_health_care.HTM
The big problem is that most of that tax money neither goes towards the needs or the wants of the American people, and all the tax money is coming from the middle class. While the less than 5% wealthy doesn't pay any taxes after their tax returns. If we solved this problem then we would have more than enough money to pay for a free health care.  Check out my post under the taxation heading.  You might find it enlightening.  Waxy
An yet the US has the most expensive medical system, but not the healthiest populace. To me it seems like the US could benefit from a dual system with governmental support for preventive treatments and medicine... But I`m not sure how that system would work... It would also be possible to have mandatory healt insurances, payed through taxes, but competed for by private companies...
Yes, my family have had good response from our NHS and very good care. However, my Wife's Aunt who trained at Barts was extremely scathing of the standards of cleanliness as is a neighbour who is a former Ward Sister.  However, I have to say that I am very puzzled by the way the NHS is funding and how the Hospital Trusts are apparently running this huge deficiit.  It seems to me that the entire personnel of the gets paid whether they treat no patients at all or several million. This to me that in assessing costs of operations etc the salaries etc are a general overhead. Same goes for the buildings beds etc. The true overheads would be surely the use of materials and supplies.  I have a stong feeling that the whole method of accounting is merely moving figures around from one bucket to another on paper rather than in reality and that the whole system of accounting needs drastically looking at.  Can anyone explain how it works?
Totally agree. If you can't afford it you should be able to get it, but if you can afford it, you should be able to choose what you want to get and where you want to spend your money.  zachvac,   Could I ask you to clarify that statement.   Do you mean that you should not get Health Care if you can not afford it ? Or do you mean that you can only get Private Health Care if can not afford it ?
if you guys are willing to discuss a tangent...  why it is that ford and GM aren't supporting a NHC system that would take off billions in cost to them?
Is America's health care system the best in the world?  http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/rush_us_health_care.HTM
yes it is, provided you can pay for it.
Have there ever been any comparative studies comparing national systems ?
Is Canadian healthcare a failure?  http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/rush_canadian_doctors.HTM
Falling, I got some information from some Canadians. Most of them didn't like the system and would rather see it gone. They said:  Canada is experiencing an even more severe shortage of doctors and nurses than most nations with a shortage. There is a huge waiting list for vital procedures.  Assorted colorful remarks about Chretien and his party...   And my French friend said in France it is first come, first served, which we all know isn't such a great idea.
Because they are afraid of change. People from Canada and France say no one there likes the leaders. I always ask why they get re-elected. They say it is because no one else is sure what the other party will do because they have no been in power for so long. I'd say Right parties in those countries are like the Green party here...viewpoints confused and the party generally not well known. (Party names are so bland in Canada and France...LIberal party, Conservative party, Right Party, Left Party.)  Now that's different. I would probably be for free healthcare at a certain income level if it cut off there. But that's different from the current plan--we'd need major changes.
By that I mean leadership change. The other parties haven't been in power for so long...   I said free healthcare is fine at a certain income cut off and with major changes from the Canadian/ French system.
Hmm... I would probably say $40,000-$30,000. $60,000 is way to high, on my opinion. I think it should be offered only to those who can't afford it. If you make $60,000 I would say you could afford it.
Hmm... I think we should stick with the income level instead of giving all government employees healthcare that they may not need.
I said the pay is bad and I couldn't deal with today's children. Inserting words at me again...   If they are so underpaid they don't need an exception... they'd already be at the right level, would they not?
I have just spent 2 years in Canada and the health care sucks. But the reason is trivial: money.  How many of you know the correct answer to the following question: Between Canada and the US, where does the government spend more on health care per capita?  If you think it is Canada, you are dead wrong. And of course the private spending in the US is much bigger.  The problem with the Canadian system is excessive cost control. This is because the politicians must keep taxes down - at any given election time, the majority of the voters are healthy.  While no one likes high taxes, the US experience shows that people also hate cost control in health care. That is why we have - through legislation and litigation - crippled the HMOs' ability to control costs and we once again have a double-digit inflation in health care costs.  But the truth is, the American 15% of GDP is probably closer to what an affluent society desires to spend on health care than Canada's 9%.
Should patients have the right to sue their health plan?   http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/suing_hmos.HTM
Are you for or against Chiropractic?
Originally posted by admin  Are you for or against Chiropractics?    I am against chiropractic because it is based on what the chiropractic world would want you to believe is a fact. They maintain that bodily disorders occur because of interference to the nervous system that is caused by spinal bones impinging the nerves when they become misaligned. This claim is presented as a fact and it has never been proven. In adition to that, most chiropractors reject the germ theory, and it has been proven.
It works... ask anyone who has done it.
It works? Sure it works, "sometimes."  Rubbing my back feels good and for that reason, it works. But if I told you that doing that would keep you healthy and you needed to do that on a regular basis for the rest of your life, for that benefit to be acquired, would you do it? Wouldn't you want to know if that were a truthful claim? As absurd as it may sound, and for that reason alone, you may forget you were evn told that. But just for curiosity sake, you said, "Has that been proven?" And when you ask them to provide the proof to support that claim and they cannot provide it, would you still believe it? Thats what the chiropractic profession wants the world to believe. That chiropractic care can correct the cause of disease. Which they say is a subluxation. Not germs, but subluxations.  :eek:
greenleif,  your generalizing. I had a chiropractor as a biology teacher.  And we studied micro, cellular, and genetic biology.  My teacher taught that chriopractic skills could be used to detect diseases not cure them.
Debater,  I would personally like very much to talk with that Biology teacher. As a former chiropractor myself, the comment you made regarding what he can do with chiropractic training or skills is something I would like to have him decribe to me. I am hopeful you are interested in the truth also, and if he can provide scientific verification that that can be accomplished, I will be the first one to step forth and offer my apologies.  If you would give me his name or contact him and give him the whereabouts of this site, so he can query me and let me know how he can accomplish these things, I would be most grateful.  Thanks for your input,  Greenleif
There are studies showing that spinal allignments have direct correlations to many health problems. My science teacher is a DC, and that was part of his doctoral thesis.
Again, I would like very much to talk with your science teacher.  What I would ask him, I can ask you, if that would be easier for you? Then you can ask him. "What studies is he referring to that show (referring to your original post regarding what your teacher said chiropractic could do) spinal alignments have direct correlations to health problems. I have never heard of any, let alone seen them. Iwould be most interested in seeing them. If you would like you can get his e-mail and post it here, and I will contact him or you can give him this web and he can contact me himself. Thanks "What studies is he referring to that show spinal alignments have direct correlations to health problems?
You could probably find a study on the web somewhere.
Broker,  Have you ever thought that there are things you could be told that are not true? That if they were not true and you believed they were, this could some day cause great suffering to you?  This is one human frailty that con men count on. People being niave. Either you do not care if what he said was true or he did not say that and you cannot produce a teacher who said that because there was no teacher who said that?  All I know is what you said. If what you said is what you were told and it really did happen, your post would be alot more credible. Right now it sounds more like you should have said nothing.  There is nothing on the internet that says what you say I can get from the internet. I will tell you why there isn't. If there was truth to these so called studies that provided scientific proof that spinal alignments have direct correlation to many health problems, the Chirpractors would be shouting it from the roof tops. If chiropractic was based on sound science, it would not be at odds with the scientific community. If it was true that the earth was flat as it was believed at one time, then those who believe it is round believe a lie? Which one is true and how do we know?
I don't produce anyone for anything on the Internet.
TKO!
greenleif check your pm box re this topic
please tell me again why, you went to chiropractic school for 4 years, graduated, became a chiropractor, most likely failed in practice, then come on this forum and not even explain chiropractic right. no wonder you failed in practice you didnt learn anything in school.
Chiropractors work by manipulating the spine...much like lawyers do. -Dad  Anyway, I have gone to a chiropractor many times, and it does work. The spine is like any other stack, sometimes the pieces can get out of line. Chiropractors can many times help to align the pieces, and provide some measure of relief from the pain associated with this condition. I never believed in chiropractors at all, until my jaw became dislocated while I was sleeping. Imagine waking up to intense pain, only being able to open your mouth about 1/3 of the normal distance, and when it does open, it opens diagonally. I went to my family physician, who gave me skeletal muscle relaxants, saying it was only a severe muscle spasm. After 1 day of being drugged out of my mind on Robaxin and Flexeril, I called him back. He recommended I see my dentist! My dentist told me to see my doctor when I called his office! Getting no place fast, I had my wife take me to the ER. After several sets of x-rays, it was determined that my jaw was dislocated. The ER physician that I saw doped me up, stood behind me, and put my head into a sleeper hold, popping my jaw back into place. I actually got a litle relief, but not a whole lot. 5 hours later, I awoke to the same pain, same symptoms as before. I got to thinking about something: What could make my jaw dislocate while I was asleep? I thought about this, and figured that something must have pulled it out of place (they don't just pop out for no reason). I went back to the ER, and after more x-rays, drugs, and sleeper holds, my jaw was back in place again. This time it lasted about until I was home. Dislocated again. I got to thinking about what the muscles attach to, starngely enough, one attachment is my jaw, the other is my spine. Hmmmm. I just decided that at this point I had nothing left to lose, so I called a local chiropractor. I went in, he felt around, said c2 and c3 were out of alignment, snapped my spine around, and popped my jaw back in place. I felt almost instant relief of most of my pain, and by the next day, I was 100% back to normal.   I don't say this to endorse chiropractors, or say that they are a cure all. I think some chiropractors do play on the fact that humans are in general suckers, and will try anything once they are desperate enough. As a medical professional, I know chiropractors cannot cure asthma, kidney stones, cancer, or heart disease like some of them claim they can. There is just no possible connection that can be made. But I do know that the spine can come out of alignment, and this can cause pain, numbness, and even nerve damage. Chiropractors can and do help cases like this. Take it for what you will, but anyone who just totally writes it off, does not understand much about anatomy and kinesiology.
please tell me again why, you went to chiropractic school for 4 years, graduated, became a chiropractor, most likely failed in practice, then come on this forum and not even explain chiropractic right. no wonder you failed in practice you didnt learn anything in school.   Before I answer your questions, please provide definition of chiropractic or provide what you believe is "right explanation of chiropractic." Otherwise please do not waste my time or others who come here. Your assumption are why you should not use them.
Idont know who you guys are listening to. I would never go to a Chiropractor for anything other than a back ailment.  I went to one because i played hockey for too long. I was in pain, now i am not. So my assertion is that ti works, better than the whack out drugs they give you at the doctors office.   If your going to a chiropractor to heal a kidney alment, or cancer, your pretty much a fool, no matter what they are telling you.  Also, by virtue of having back pain, then releiving that pain. It does make alot of other things work better. Kind of a Chakra thing, the pain only bottles up your inner energy
What did the chiropractor say was the reason for your pain. What did his examination uncover that showed him you needed his service? In short, what did he say was the cause of your pain?
eh, you talkin to me?  i just went because my back hurt, and all the doctor wanted to give me were pills people were offering me major coin for.  I couldnt take them because i like to keep a healthy diet that didnt work with the pills, i worked in construction, and the pill sdidnt fix anything anyway.  Si i went, the doctor took one look at my mangled bakc and said 'Oh My' you should have some here sooner, he was right.  I went there 5 times, then after 3 times, i started going to a massage place, i went their for a few months after the chiropractor and i havent had a problem since.  I can say, though, that although i wasnt suffering from other ailments, my general physce and health were tremendously improved by the good doctors methods.  If all people can say is that there is no proof it cures cancer. Thats hardly a knock, seeing as how it doesnt
I personally am glad you feel better. But in the world of ACCOUNTABILITY, if the cost of the service at the chiropractors was big bucks, and you hadn't been helped like so many are not, then the poor chiropractor would be unable to defend himself, for he has no defense and cannot verify that what he did was needed. But because no one is losing big bucks and thus it does not warrent the cost of an attorney, people like yourself who find it helpful have to wait till the next time or the time after that when it no longer helps and you will then need to go to a medical doctor, because he will be the only one who will be able to help. You see, you still do not know what was wrong with you? You do not know or do not seem to care why you were in pain. So its your body and your choice.
yeah i know  it was my vertabrae beinng disaligned from the pummeling i took. then the mscles titened up.  i found out far more than going to the medical doctor who just happy to take his cut of the BS medication he gave me that does nothing but get me hooked on meds.  I imagine if i went out a played hard like i used to i would be right back in the good docs office, as long as i take care of it i am fine.  nownmy bones are in place and my muscles are loosened up, i go for massage once a month as a prevent.
SodGom,  You have done nothing wrong. You have been used. The chiropractor you go to may also be a victum. A victum of what? Of believing a lie. He too may not realize the significance of telling people something he expects them to believe is true? He himself may not even know he cannot provide the evidence that needs to exist if it is true.  The long and short of the issue is this. They cannot provide the proof that supports their claim that spinal bones, when they misalign cause what they say it causes and when they are presented with the opportunity to do so, rather than admit this to be true, they maintain it is true. Now those who do this are engaged in what I describe as "lying."  There are many chiropractors over the years who have seen the error of the "subluxation" and have openly admitted it is a scam not to mention scientists who understand what is required before they can claim to know the cause of an illness or injury. here a a couple of resources you can get. A. Inside Chiropractic by Samuel Homola B. Chiropractic the Greatest Hoax of the Century. by L.A. Chitkowski, M.D.
Me walking into the chiropractor in a good deal of pain, and then walking out feeling almost 100% better is a scam?  My chiroprator knows illness can (and usually does) comes from germs and viruses. How he treats it is just different. Instead of pumping yourself full of drugs, he stimulates your own immune system.
You aught to take this info to your chiropractor and let the two of us debate. By the way, drugs are good when used correctly. In the meantime, here is where the ERROR arises. While I am sure I too would be very aggitated with someone who told me that something that helped me was a scam. But anytime anyone puts themselves out as having a solution for any problem and say they know why the problem exists and know how to eliminate it, and they cannot provide proof that there solution, when used, eliminated the problem, there is something wrong. In your case, your chiropractor had to (within the scope of his practice or that which his license provides) find something wrong or find "a reason" (chiropractic reason) you had the pain and upon finding that, (which he must have found to have gone ahead and treated you,) he provided for you "a solution" for your pain. The fact that you feel better is your proof. But if you were to have your spine re-examined, the problem he said you had, that he said was causing your pain, would still be there? HOW COULD THAT BE THE REASON FOR YOUR PAIN IF IT IS STILL THERE? This is where the scam plays out. What he said was wrong and the reason for your pain. It is not a scam when they admit the things they do are not PROVEN EFFECTIVE, that while they do help at times, there are times when they do not. Then it is still questionable, because while it has helped you there are many it has not helped who were told the same thibg you were told. Keep in mind the way a doctor of any kind practices has to be according to the law, so there are legal ways for them to practice as well as there are illegal ways. So again, this is something trained individuals in this area need to address.  As for the public, they have been advised by the scientific community that chiropractic is based on an unscientific claim.
Whoever said that a private account would earn more? The entire point of social security is to guarantee a certain level of earnings. The stock market can't do that.  A bunch of the thing you say don't get taxed, do.  stay at home moms- the spouse accounts fro the money, he earns it all and spends it all.  trust funds - these pay taxes on anything over $10K inheritence - gets taxed as well gifts over $1000 are taxed as well.  the problem is that they are often dodged and there is little we can do about it.
How much foreign aid (actual aid, not bombs) to you think the US gives as a % of GDP? I can tell you without looking that it would have next to no impact on SS. Even the savings from Iraq would not be sufficient.
Accrding to this article the war in Iraq costs $ 5.8 billion per month, so that's $ 193 million per day. I would think that would cover a large part of the SS costs.
The first thing to understand about SS is that for practical government purposes its now just another revenue stream, not a trust. SS flows into government general purpose bank accounts (the treasury) all over the US from employers, which the government uses to pay bills. The government accounts for SS by issuing treasury certificates (investment for SS, debt for the public) for all SS revenue. When SS administration, part of the government, not SS itself, cuts a social security check to a beneficiary recipient, it redeems treasury debt, the SS 'investment', in a like amount at the same time. All SS revenues taken in during a fiscal year less benefits paid out are deemed 'surplus', already spent for general operating expenses. That 'surplus' amount resides in treasury securities, debt, which would have to be redeemed to make beneficiary payments, by selling additional treasury issues for cash and incurring debt or printing more money. Current 'surplus' is about $150-billion a year, so add that to any public deficit for a better number. SS is raided to avoid increasing what the dumb as a brick public perceives as deficit spending.   When politicians speak of SS running out of money, they're referring to a point where current benefit requirements exceed current collections. There's no consideration of redeeming the billions and billions in treasury certificates  the government 'borrowed', an impossibility when all borrowing capacity(treasury certificates for foreign exchange) is concentrated on servicing existing debt from deficit spending and cash flow requirements for military expansion.   Calling it government mismanagement is being very polite. Needless to say, any common citizen would be serving long terms in the slammer for such actions.
Accrding to this article the war in Iraq costs $ 5.8 billion per month, so that's $ 193 million per day. I would think that would cover a large part of the SS costs.  The government has the public fooled into thinking that money is being spent to help protect them from 'terrorist' activities such as 9/11, and promoting fear is far more important to here and now politicians needing GDP drivers than paying future SS benefits. There are posters on this board that, in spite of the administration publicly stating there was no connection, firmly believe Saddam was a threat to the US.
Thanks for the very accurate description. The US president said as much "stream" during his last speech. It's a shame that SS, which would have been solvent if it had remained a trust as designed and started, has been stolen from by our own government. From disbursements (called loans) in the 50's and 60's which were either never repaid or repaid without interest by the congress, to the current situation, it's shameful.  I fimrly agree that if the average US citizen ran their finances like the government, they would be in jail.  We ripped ourselves off in our greed to live like 'the good old days' when we can't afford it. Politicians just facilitated that erroneous sense of well-being to buy election votes.
Up the revolution!  You young people had better get started or there won't be much left you'll want.
Thanks Gamehuis. That's around 3.5 Billion for 6 months, if we only take 1/2 of the cost. I'd think that would be plenty to bail out these programs -- IF the government would leave the money where it's supposed to be, which I doubt they would.  Goes back to my point: it's mismanagement that has brought the US Government to this point.  Social security budget for 6 months is of the order of 0.25 trillion USD. Have I misunderstood what you're wanting to fund?
The cost of the war in Iraq is about $ 35 billion for 6 months. Now add to that the cost to rearm the army (think of those cruise missiles at $ 1 million per missile). Let's say rearming costs $ 5 billion (being really conservative here). So now you have $ 40 billion. Next would be reversing Bush' tax cuts for the rich which are projected to cost the government $ 1.5 trillion over 10 years, which would add another $ 75 billion for 6 months. So now we've got $ 115 billion, almost half of what is needed.  Saving SS can be done (at least in the short term).
The cost of the war in Iraq is about $ 35 billion for 6 months. Now add to that the cost to rearm the army (think of those cruise missiles at $ 1 million per missile). Let's say rearming costs $ 5 billion (being really conservative here). So now you have $ 40 billion. Next would be reversing Bush' tax cuts for the rich which are projected to cost the government $ 1.5 trillion over 10 years, which would add another $ 75 billion for 6 months. So now we've got $ 115 billion, almost half of what is needed.  Saving SS can be done (at least in the short term).  Of course it can. With actuary, contribution, benefit and government theft changes it could be saved in the long-term. But that's not politically desirable as it would involve admitting it's being raided, higher publicized deficits and politicians need personal SS contributions to drive equity markets when baby boomers begin cashing out.   Logical reasoning about Iraq and failed tax cuts will get you labeled as a liberal, or as some of the more grammatically challenged posters prefer, lefty.
I'm going to make an exception to my "no post" position. I'm not going to respond to any snide remarks, so don't waste your time. He's baaaaaaaaack! According to your statement, I get a free shot here. I am not at all surprised, when you made your last post declaration I gave you a week. I can't say I missed you (that's only one opinion), but the free exchange of opinions (no matter how warped they might be) makes for an interesting forum. I have no doubt there will be numerous "exceptions", old Mules never die, nor do they fade away. Dono
Well there illnesses and what they told me about Canadian health care is good enough for me........................  Don't you find it odd that no one that lives in Canada is denying anything i said? I don't find it odd at all. It is likely that many in Canada treat your posts with the same disdain as many in the lower 48 do, and choose not to bother.  Dono
More importantly, who the hell would want to invade Canada? Are there any countries with a major shortage of ice hockey stadia? :pDoes Canada have large untapped oil reserves? I could imagine (a highly unlikely) situation of the USA invading to get at those reserves if it does. The only other reason would be if there was a world shortage of maple syrup I guess.
 Consider the overall ability for any country in the world to invade Canada. As of right now, only one country shares a boarder with Canada, all other would need a massive airlift and reasonable sized army to invade Canada ( being 2nd largest country in the world). No other country has such a capability  And, as the Germans discovered in Russia during WW2, then comes the real enemy, winter. I once lived near the US/Canadian border at the Northern tip of Idaho's Panhandle. 40-degrees blow zero Fahrenheit not uncommon with 4' of snow on the ground. Balmy compared to what lies North of that point. Be an interesting test for a volunteer military.
It is a simple problem to solve. You just allow anyone who wants to buy into health insurance. Make the system like car insurance. Wouldn't it be silly if only employers offered car insurance?  one major diffrance, car insurance pays out one in a while to a person, and then (most often) will raise there rates, helth care people (should) receve a lot more often. think of the cost (assuming they use the same model) just going for prentivave care will rase your rates for the next 3-7 years.  also it costs less to run a auto repair shop than a helth care ficilty,and you dont here about multi-million law sutes for a mis-diagnosis of a car repair.
It still boils down to nothing but a complicated business plan identifying currently scattered sources of revenue and existing overheads. this is true of any and all serveses.  In Oregon and many other states no hospital or clinic receiving any type of government funding can refuse medical care. this is federal law. to receve medicare / medicade payments from the goverment.   Reductions in private sector and state/muni government employee health care plan costs alone would probably fund the remainder of state requirements. you are ignoring the issue of liabilty, IMO, the single largest reason that the costs keep geting more and more. the docters are paying for insurance in case they are sued, for making a mestake, or just when the famley dosent like the out come, the hospital also pays for the same. the drug compinies pay for when some one gets the wrong medicen, the place that makes the bedpans also pay for insurance aganst being sied for what ever people can think of. there are a few big f#^k uos, and a lot more baceless lawsutes, and all the cost of all that is passed on to the patients.  i know for a fact a 12V 1.2 Ah battery for a life pak 8 is $70 from a 3 party (a couple of hundrid from the OEM), we are talking about 10 cells wired toghther in two sticks of 5. you can get the cells for less than $1.50.
This endeavor is to fold multiple private policies into a public policy for coverage expansion and reduced costs.  let me make sure i have your idea here, you would want the goverment to insure everyone. (somethnig like expanding medicare to all)
Oregon may become the first US state with universal health care, available to all Oregon residents.   http://www.oregonlive.com/newsflash/regional/index.ssf?/base/news-17/116215436081180.xml&storylist=orlocal  While still in preliminary planning stages, the anticipated mix of state, federal, employer and individual funding could very well become a model for other states.  How are they going to pay for this? Oregon hardly has the money to properly fund its school systems much less pay for a universal healthcare system.
Thanks for that!!!!!!
And you believed every word they fed you without a second thought. At least now we know whose line you're peddling. Please, cite your sources to start with in the future. It's not just a good idea, it's the rules. emoticon_xagree  Then be consistent on this demand. I've seen plenty of threads where you don't call for sources.
What makes you think doctors are paid badly in a national healthcare system? GP salaries in the UK average GBP100 000, that's US$200 000, around 4 times the median income in this country. Medical training is hugely competitive, requiring higher grades than anything except Veterinary Science. Transplant surgery here is limited by a shortage of donors, not doctors or funding.  see - a dog REALLY is man's best friend   Takes better grades to work on your dog than it takes to work on your mother!  What does THAT SAY about society? emoticon_confused
veterinary science requires broadly similar grades, but longer training. This makes sense because you need to be able to perform pretty much all the same procedures as a doctor, but be able to do them on everything from a coy carp to an elephant.  yeah - but with all that care: [*]They are legally unwanted and killed in animal shelters[*]things like dogs cats horses in parts of the worlds are used for food - not just killed and toss out.
Cannibalism is good? emoticon_xgood
Cannibalism is good? emoticon_xgood  hmm emoticon_xlove cheap meat ...
A veterinarian is qualified to treat all animals, but a doctor is limited to only treating one species.
Still apologizing for Hillary, huh?  She is a basically dishonest person. When will you see the light? How can you earnestly support a basically dishonest person for President?  Additionally, a government run program for healthcare will fail just about as miserably as any other government run program can fail...take education for example...overpriced, overrated, underproducing...basically FAILING. We are graduating numbnuts nowadays in the guise of fairness. We are dumbing down the nation in the name of fairness. We are falling behind other nations in the name of fairness.  I am quite sure that with Hillary's plan for healthcare we will be reducing the quality and availability of good healthcare for the sake of fairness.   Antonia, you need to realize that Hillary is not the answer to our problems. She is nothing more than a political figure that will tell lie after lie after lie just to get in office and maintain control over the common folk. That's all she wants. Her theatrical appeals to mercy are not designed to help the real victims. They are designed to garner votes...for Hillary.  Barrack's healthcare plan is no better than hers. Both of them will fail. Though it does appear that, in this case, she was not lying.
