It Depends. If its like Canada's, then no way.
My plan gives anyone with an income under 25,000 access to basic healthcare...better than nothing.
Canada's combined tax rate around 1991 (including all three levels of Gov't) was about 50% of gross income. I don't know how much that's changed...  It interesting how some people in my province are against a two tier system. That would mean making it legal for private hospitals to start up. They say that its unfair. I think its terrifically petty - considering that the people who could afford it would get hospital care and get out of our lineups. Both they and the people who can't afford it would benefit. But its not fair!   I agree with Broker - make it available to people under a certain income bracket.
Government should not provide free (at the point of delivery) health care at all. The only way to do it is to force other people to pay for it--i.e. slavery. And slavery is bad, mmmkay?
the biggest problem with heath care that cause the consideration for a national health care system is cost. the government has never been the best institution to manage cost (it tend to both over spend and needlessly spend) the best control for cost is when an individual decides how to obtain what is best for his money.  thus the problem is only partly cost the other being that people do not want to take responsibility to save for a rainny/sick day and when the day come, do not bother to shop for the best value it is much easier to demand the best in care for nothing spent.  a national health care system will not solve the need to improve the quality and quantity of care delivered though it may improve the quantity delivered. may because in most system without financial incentives, productivity falls.
It's too bad that they can't afford their own health care, but how does that obligate others to pay for it for them?
a national health program would slow or stop a lot of advancment in medican. why do drug compnies spend millions for drug reserch ( it aint for the humanatarn reasons), why do docters try to find less invacive ways of sergical treatment?  MONEY!!!  if you have the best drug, you can charge for it. if you can fix (insert your choice o fsurgery here) and only makr 2 1 ' insisions, you can charge both the pashent, and outher docs to see how it is done. (called proctering)
Is it true that the treatment for cancer in the free British system is pain medication?
The thing national health care does is give more responsibility to the government. It is a recurring theme in government to use money inefficiently. Giving people with a checkbook to balance every month the power is the most effective alternative.  As for giving people under a certain income privileges: 1. What about the people just over? 2. Will people just over try to make less to get more in aid from the government?
The top 10% of people in this country pay 67% of the taxes. Most of the money from the middle class? No, not at all.
I just told you that that wasn't true. Look up the statistics for yourself if you don't believe me or show me statistics that say otherwise.
You are the one telling me I am wrong, quote me three economists who have said that.  I watch financial news every day. I have NEVER heard any economist EVER say that. It's absurd.  It's not my responsibility to do your research. If my statistic is wrong point me to your correct one.  Can you do it? Let's see.
http://www.blueeyedtex.com/politics/WhoPaysTaxes.htm  That page contains information from the IRS individual income returns filed. You can check it with the IRS web site if you don't believe it. Nice pie charts for you. :)  Those numbers are for the year 2000. But the numbers don't change much year to year.  Now, show me the page using IRS statistics to say that the middle and lower class pays the most in taxes. If that's true it should be very easy to step all over my claim.
That's just an exuse to allow you to ignore statistics so that you can pretend your positions make better since.
I already replied to you, look up. I was addressing the other poster.
National health care would be a great mistake. The government is not in the health care business. They should not be in the health care business and as long as I can vote, I will do my best to keep them out of the health care business.
Work in the health care business then? Or is there another reason for this?  Anyone got the stats on the equivalent level of health insurance you would get if you paid as much money as you would do from tax to the NHS? I believe you get whatever you need or want. The problem isn't how much you get. The problem is how you will get it. Ask Waxy to explain how or why many Canadians come here for health care.
Another problem with national health care is what incentive do the docs. have to become the best? (if you say love of fellow man, I will know that you have never worked in health care) In the US they do it for the money and power (yes I know there all not in it for this, but most are)
What proof in the politics thread? I see nothing...
If the gov. controls health care, they control who lives and who dies. With limited resources, who decides if an old man gets a liver transplant? Should the fact he is a drinker matter? What if he already has cancer or something else?  What about my rights? Will the government try to control parts of my life so I will be more healthy? The gov. here in CT already requires seat belt use, even though only I will be affected if I choose not to use it. Will all smoking be outlawed?   How about lawsuits? People already talk about suing MacDonalds because they are obese. Can the government afford the liability?  Finally, if I am rich, will I not be able to use my own money to buy additional health services? Or will the gov. restrict how I spend my money on legal products or services?  regards, everyone...
If you are rich of course you can get additional services from private medical care, or even just going abroad for treatment if you really had to.  As for the first example, thats just stupid. There is always a limited supply of donor organs, so you think that the heavy drinker with inoperable cancer should get a liver before a 19 medical student, or a young mother of two because they have less money (in these cases we are not dealing with 'enough' money, but which transplantees have the most, organs have practically no upward limit)? Docters make these descions anyway as even in private medical care as there is still limited resources like bed space and all descions are not made off money alone (which is far scarier to me than your Stalinist idea of national healthcare).  As for the health issues that is a slightly different topic, ciggarettes and alcholo already require a certain age to buy them as they are unhealthy, drugs are just outright illegal. The government doesn't force people to be more healthy but it does spend resources to encourage people to do so (ad campaigns for 5 peices of fruit a day, sponsoring kids sports and giving money to sports centres). It taxs tobacco intensively to discourage people from smoking (and in a way to provide some aditonal money to treat them amoung other things), I see no problem with this.  Lawsuits are really just the same as they are anywhere else (but there is less of a lawsuit culture here), you don;t sue the government, you sue the doctor or the hospital. The government doesn't have to pick up the bill, it is just paid for out of the hospital's budget as it would be anyway.  Statistics always end up showing that it is the poorer section of society that always 'spends' the most on healthcare, in a health insurance system these are the people who can least afford the treatments they are more likely to need.  Your second paragraph proves my point! Currently a doctor and patient make the medical decisions. If the government controls health care, the doctor's and the patient's decisions could be over-ruled because of government guidelines.  Another thing..... Who decides how much health care is enough or too much?
Oopps... My question should have read: If the gov. controls the health care system, who (then) decides how much health care is enough?  Today one can pay for additional services, but wouldn't it be "unfair" under a universal health care system to treat people differently based on ability to pay? That is what many national health care advocates complain about now! This issue seems to be part of the class warfare argument. To be "fair" I think the gov. would not allow government doctors and hospitals to free-lance their services for profit, and wealthy patients would have no choice but to accept gov. care.  p.s. I like your polite debate style!
Everyone's covered... but a massive cost to overall quality.  I posted something about the Canadian system somewhere in these forums sometime ago... worth a read.
If the government pays for it you are 100% guranteed better by going through the private sector.  It'd take a hundred billion dollars or two each each for the government to come in... that's a lot in new taxes. And that's just the government covering people who aren't covered...
I think that that would only grow the cost of the system and lower general health.  The main problem here is administration and law suits. A huge amount of healthcare cost in the US is administrative, which can be fixed by practices taking advantage of technology. It would only take a few years to gain back the cost of doing that.  Law suits are driving up the cost of insurance which is driving up the cost of health insurance. These people are getting 50 and 100 million dollar settlements... it's absurd. Thousands and thousands of doctors have simply stopped practicing now.
we're the only industrialized nation in the world that does not have national healthcare, and 44 million americans do not have insurance. this is inexcusable for the richest country in the world.  We do, but it happens to be reserved for those who are retired or below a minimum asset/income level that's easily achieved by inability, laziness or any decent trust lawyer.
A large percentage of those people I'm sure qualify for some program in their state or locality that they don't even know exists.  If people would just look around... but they don't.
NHS is a good theory and well intended. However, that is the problem. It's a good theory. Help those who can't afford it and give them the proper medical services they deserve. However, it's flawed by human nature to have doctors skimming off the top, low quality, malpractices, and the tax hikes would be insane.  This is my little rant about America though. We bring most of our medical problems on ourselves, as the old saying goes: "you are what you eat". We have tons of alcoholics, smokers, and McDonalds lovers. I don't think I really need to spit out statistics saying how bad these things are and the effects it has on the body. Plus many Americans don't have proper hygeine and never get the proper amount of sleep. These factors can all cause one to fall prey to illnesses.   Don't get me wrong though, I understand there is a 9-5 single mom busting her XXX for her three kids who are all under the age of 5 because some dead beat father up and left. I feel sympathy for that person in such a situation, but it's also not fair for people to take up the burden of others misfortunes.   So in short NHS is just not going to work.   Tigerlilly, you are right about Socialism being Communism's evil sister though. :)
Would you support National Health Care Plan?   http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/national_health_care HTM Have a Central-government, bent on merely increasing its bureacratic-failures, steal more of our honestly-earned moneys??  I think not.  Annie
Hey im from Canada and our national Health care is a crock! First off, waiting lines are massive, technology is lacking, quality is lacking, we are losing doctors to the USA because you guys pay them what they deserve, and because of that we are losing family doctors fast.   Canadians Pride themselves on this government funded program because it's all they know. The liberals have imbedded into the Canadian public that it is the Canadian way to support Public Health care, and that private; even a two tier system is the devil. Why do they do this? because Health care cost roughly 15% of Canada's GDP Canada's highest expense next to the national debt.   Even though it's accessible to everyone, what good is it really if it sucks?  Personally right now I Favour a Two Tier system, where people get what they pay for, and can shop around for the best coverage and services, and or those you desperately need it who can't afford to have a cast for their own child or something like that, then the government helps them. But im strongly open to a Purely Private system, I just need someone to explain to me how it would work.   I just have one question. What kind of a system does America really have? Is it Two Tier or strictly Private? And how exactly does it work?
health care is so messed up I don't even know where to begin. The fact that we eat Krispy Kreme doughnuts for breakfast (something I am guilty of right now), McDonalds for lunch, and Pizza Hut for dinner AND THEN whine when the government doesn't pay for our heart medicine amazes me. I don't mind having a government run program (two tier as you call it) but maybe we should have requirements in order to be in it...such as "you must attend a gym" or "maintain a body weight so you can fit in a normal sized chair".
O for sure, that's why I always look to Privatization.   Im wondering about those that can't afford it at all and who have children that need it.   You'd have to be strict on the abusers
Would it make more sense to simply reform the health care industry in such a way that more people could afford their own health care insurance?  What if we could make changes to the way hospitals, insurance companies, and pharmacuticals did business and actually lower the cost of health care instead of just dumping money into another system that the government is screwing up?  http://www.healthtransformation.net/home/  This link is a center started by Newt Gingrich that addresses issues within the health care industry that need to be changed. The changes he proposes would actually drive down the cost of health care and prescription drugs. It would allow millions of uninsured to afford their own coverage and it would decrease the burden of the federal budget.
U.S. health care is the best in the world and could be made even better and more attainable if regulation and taxation were reduced allowing more competition. Communist health care if anything is the worst in the world just look at the former U.S.S.R. and Cuba today. Many of the Socialist nations in Europe also have very poor health care systems and the Doctors are underpaid and the best Doctors usually leave the country to get the pay they deserve in a free society. I was in Germany a month ago and while I was there Doctors were striking against the government for the lack of pay increase. This does not happen in the U.S. unless of course it is run by big brother.
Er.. Cuba has a more effective healthcare system than the US, for $250/captia/year, it achieves lower infant mortality rates and similar life expectancy rates, and has the added bonus of covering everyone in the country, not just those who can afford it.  The UK has a national healthcare system, everyone is covered and while there are some problems, it costs about half what the US system does. I fail to see how a starting salary for a GP around the GBP60k mark is underpaying them. I'm not aware of any great exodus of British doctors, or indeed any influx of doctors from other European nations. Some from poorer countries, yes, and a fair few from Australia and New Zealand (hardly socialist utopias).  Once again your analysis of the situation igonres the key facts. I can't believe you just wrote that Cuba has a good health care system. You truly are lost in liberal haze like Michael Moore. Any rational person will tell you Cuba has a horrible health care system I mean just look at the pictures. http://wheels128.blogspot.com/2005/03/cubas-horrible-not-free-healthcare.html  It surprises me that you put so much trust in a Monopolized country like Cuba.  I agree that the U.S. health care system has its faults mainly on it inability to cover everyone but if everyone were covered in a free market system it would be the best and that's why I advocate a libertarian approach on the subject. Deregulation is the key along with other reforms. Just look at Singapore http://72.14.203.104/search?q=cache:VVjteyny7UEJ:www.watsonwyatt.com/europe/pubs/healthcare/render2.asp%3FID%3D13850+singapore+health+care&hl=en&gl=us&ct=clnk&cd=6.   Hong Kong is also coming along but it has a ways to go especially since it is under Chinese influence.
So, you go from rubbishing cubas healthcare system despite the stats that can be obtained from the CIA website, and then use THE SAME STATS (life expectancy) to praise Singapore. Cuba does amazing things in healthcare despite having little or no money with which to do it. Finding a few pictures of dirty areas in one hospital (I bet I could find pictures as bad in one hospital in any country in the world, if I spent long enough looking). Cuba spends less than a 10th per capita than the US does, and achieves roughly the same results. Tell me that's not an efficient healthcare system.  www.medicc.org tells the positive side of Cuban healthcare. I had a friend from Cuba read your quote and he started laughing hysterically. He said one of the key points he was agianst National Health care was because of his fear of the Cuban run system. Here he even wants to respond...  Ask the Cubans -and I mean, not the Cuban government- how wonderful is their health care system and then you will know. It is simply in ruins. I used to live in one of the best neighborhoods in Havana and last time I had kidney stones there (1996) it was horrifying the shape in which the place I ended up in was. Really third-world-for-the-poor stuff. That in one of the best places in the island. I have to regularly send to my family such luxury items as Advil, band-aid, cream for my mom's dental prosthesis, etc. And they are in good shape compared to the majority of the population. I could go on and on with much worse things. Now the Health Care system for foreigners and the nomenklatura, that really works very well, thank you very much. At this point in time, those who praise Castro's "universal" health care do so out of sheer ignorance or ideological denial, or more likely, both of them.  Your statistics are probably based off of tourist health care especially since Fidel wouldn't want us Capitalists know the truth of the real situation.   This site does quite well in exposing the liberal myths. http://72.14.203.104/search?q=cache:00CBt1tv9akJ:www.canf.org/Issues/medicalapartheid.htm+cuban+health+care+myths&hl=en&gl=us&ct=clnk&cd=3 It was created by Cuban Immigrants  Cuba is known for exporting Doctors but they are also known for never getting them back. Over 4,000 exported Cuban Doctors have run off. http://72.14.203.104/search?q=cache:G8n2mNHCbBQJ:markinmexico.blogspot.com/2006/08/cuba-reuters-extolls-castros-exporting.html+cuba+importing+doctors&hl=en&gl=us&ct=clnk&cd=1  Here is another good site showing Cubas propaganda machine and how protests have erupted over it in Venezuela http://www.babalublog.com/archives/002267.html  I feel sorry on your stances but hopefully you brainwashed Europeans come around.
Anytime the government gets involved in things other than their constitutional mandates (National defence and interstate commerce), then we run into problems of inefficiency and corruption.
Well let's see. Perhaps it is because the recipients have a much higher deductable, no prescription coverage, and layer after layer of beaurocracy.
Hey im from Canada and our national Health care is a crock! First off, waiting lines are massive, technology is lacking, quality is lacking, we are losing doctors to the USA because you guys pay them what they deserve, and because of that we are losing family doctors fast.   Canadians Pride themselves on this government funded program because it's all they know. The liberals have imbedded into the Canadian public that it is the Canadian way to support Public Health care, and that private; even a two tier system is the devil. Why do they do this? because Health care cost roughly 15% of Canada's GDP Canada's highest expense next to the national debt.   Even though it's accessible to everyone, what good is it really if it sucks?  Personally right now I Favour a Two Tier system, where people get what they pay for, and can shop around for the best coverage and services, and or those you desperately need it who can't afford to have a cast for their own child or something like that, then the government helps them. But im strongly open to a Purely Private system, I just need someone to explain to me how it would work.   I just have one question. What kind of a system does America really have? Is it Two Tier or strictly Private? And how exactly does it work?  Totally agree. If you can't afford it you should be able to get it, but if you can afford it, you should be able to choose what you want to get and where you want to spend your money.
its easier said than done. If you pay for your citizens health does this mean the taxpayers can dictate what you do and do not have to do regarding your health? As a taxpayer I'd rather not pay for a bypass surgery because bob over here decided 3 Big Macs a day was a good idea.
Why not? It's not like Bob will suddenly start eating the big macs because he can get the surgery paid for. Doctors dictate what healthcare is appropriate.  People would certainly care less and even if they didn't, should we be allowed to restrict healthcare to those who abuse the system? I think the idea of a hybrid system might be possible solution but certainly would need careful planning.
I really don't blame the immigrants. I blame the dumb American electorate that keeps giving away the money. LEGAL immigrants come across the border on a 3-day pass, go to a hospital, get treated and then go back to Mexico without paying. By law many hospitals have to provide the care. What can be done?  http://www.azcentral.com/news/articles/1212bordermedicine-ON.html  BROWNSVILLE, Texas - Border hospitals lose millions of dollars annually caring for sick or injured illegal immigrants but a $1 billion federal aide package promises relief.   "The federal government finally realized that there is a huge burden placed on the border hospitals to pay for the cost of the illegal aliens," said Dr. Lorenzo Pelly, a trauma surgeon at Valley Regional Medical Center. "It's a national issue because it is the federal government that has to stop the flow of the illegal aliens and they cannot do it."   A study by the U.S.-Mexico Border Counties Coalition, an American lobbying group, last year found that U.S. border hospitals provide at least $200 million a year in uncompensated emergency care to illegal immigrants, $74 million of that in Texas.... 
Another reason I'll vote for Kerry.  why, so he can allow you to buy a plan from blue cross? cant you do that now?  and where is the money going to come from for the low income famleys to get on this plan?
[QUOTE=kickin50]Has anybody else absorbed what GWB is saying when he talks about his "Health Care Plan"?  From GWB's website:  How does it help it tell low-income/unemployed/minimum wage workers to save their money?   Saving money is a good way for people to be self sufficient, and less dependent on government. Freedom is not always pretty.    Repeat of what I just said. Now, speaking of big government. The government gives money, although not near enough money, to every employee of a small business.  Seems like you criticize him for allowing the government to "give" something, then criticize because it's not enough.    Yeah! Just don't go to the doctor so much - because their is no insurance for office visits.   An excellent idea, don't buy something if you can't afford it. There are plenty of workers who like a break in the routine by sitting in a doctors office instead of doing their job. An easy choice when someone else pays for it.        Speaking of states rights - insurance is STATE regulated. Anybody want to get into a states rights debate on this one?   Why sure, state REGULATION, and states RIGHTS are opposites!! emoticon_rolleyes When states are permitted to compete with each other, they (and the people therein) have more rights!!   I don't really see any changes here - at least not for the good. We already have this system - pre-tax payroll deductions that can be used for deductibles. GWB just wants to expand it BIG TIME and give employers an out when they offer lousy or no coverage. GWB's entire plan to reduce costs - don't sue anybody. And GWB's best advice to the poor - save your money.  We already have this system? There's only one other system - complete takeover by government.
From www.georgewbush.com This is nothing but a government giveaway of dynamic proportions. It's not only going to low-income uninsured - it's going to people who are currently employed and actually HAVE insurance. How much money are we talking here? What's comes after TTTTTrillions. Gazillions?   So you think Bush's plan will involve increased government of dynamic proportions, and Kerry's plan will not? And you ask if I'M watching the news? :)    So what's the deal when GWB "gives" $3,000 but the insurance premiums cost $6,000, the family can't make up the difference and the $3,000 goes unspent. All we've accomplished is to transfer $ out of the U.S. Treasury. You think it's a good idea to just give money away and not get anything for it? You're thinking of the Clinton years when there was a surplus.  There was no surplus during the Clinton years. They played a nice numbers game concerning projected rates of growth during prosperous economic times to fool people into thinking that. The national debt was never paid off. Clinton inherited prosperous economic times from previous administrations, ignored increasing terrorism prosperity, and economically devestating environmental regulations by his EPA administrator weren't yet in place, as they are now.  STATES license insurance companies to operate in their little piece of the world. Have you seen the news lately? Newest scandal - insurance companies. Shall we put that under the feds too?   Insurance companies have been one of the biggest corruptors of government at all levels for decades, it's nothing new. The term "states rights" means that states should be able to make as decisions independent of federal government mandates, unless the federal government is authorized by the constitution. It doesn't mean that states have a right to isolate themselves from allowing their people to conduct business with other states.   But let's talk about a good system. Big government giveaways stink.  The Kerry suggestion is to allow people to spend their own money in a very large group policy through private companies. What's wrong with that? If you've got a better idea, I'm listening.  I've heard Bush say exactly the same thing. You're going over Bush's numbers pretty carefully - have you checked Kerry's numbers? You seem to trust him without question.   You say big government givaways stink, and you favor Kerry over Bush. Have you heard Kerry say "health care for ALL Americans"? Have you ever heard Bush say that? If you favor small domestic government, I hope you'll at least check some of Kerry's numbers and details, and consistency. You have 17 more days. :)
I heard a roundtable with healthcare professionals and they are quite aware of the dilemma of profiting when people are in poor health (not surprising, just re-stating the dilemma I guess). A free market economy works wonders for responding to supply and demand and getting things to be cheaper. A pure free market healthcare system, however, simply promotes poor health. It MUST not pursue prevention. What business leader with ANY sense would spend take a little money now if it prevented her from getting the huge $100K bankroll from heart surgery down the line? None. They are in conflict, and it's exactly why it IS a dilemma for all of us.  The wonders we afford ourselves in our mostly free-market economy are not possible without the stability and direction we pursue collectively through our government. Part of that stability, IMO, is taking care of ourselves. Do we not all want to promote and support good health?  -Mach  More health care money goes for wasted doctor visits than anything else. The human body heals itself, it's not like a car that needs it's oil changed. Good health is a LIFESTYLE, not doctor visits. Health care professional don't profit when a person in poor health simply dies before they are able to do that heart surgury for them. Health care professionals love to do check-ups and tests. "Hey the tests all came up negative - you're fine - that'll be 4 grand, but not to worry, your insurance will pay for it!!!!  They say in America you can be whatever you want to be, but you'd better be born with a silver spoon if you want to be a doctor, given all the hoops you have to jump through to be "approved". The numbers of doctors is regulated by our corrupt government to keep prices up. If that regulation were relaxed some, and everyone had to pay for doctor visits and other small medical expenses themselves, the free market would do wonders for our healthcare woes.
Does GWB actually think that an entire family can buy health insurance and pay high deductibles on $3000? Translation: the government will tell the citizens what kind of bank account they need to get to save up for their own health costs -- then pay it yourself. We constantly hear that a major reason for the increase in health care costs is the cost of the uninsured. How does it help it tell low-income/unemployed/minimum wage workers to save their money? Once again, businesses will love this. Don't offer health insurance to employees - they're self insured. Or they can get it themselves through their church!?!?  Maybe you are having trouble with the concept of "low premium, high deductible". That means the monthly payments (premiums) are low, and the deductible is higher (cost you actually pay for services). This shouldn't be a problem. How often do you actually use your health insurance? I use mine very rarely (not at all in the last year). It appears that what Bush is trying to do is get insurance coverage to low income folks without a multi trillion dollar price tag (like kerrys plan carries). This isn't a bad thing, and I am not even a bush supporter.   Repeat of what I just said. Now, speaking of big government. The government gives money, although not near enough money, to every employee of a small business.  Having trouble understanding whether you want the government to give money away or not.   Yeah! Just don't go to the doctor so much - because their is no insurance for office visits.  Not sure where you get the "no insurance for office visits" thing. I would imagine that with high deductible health care, you would probably not want to runn off to the doctor every time you have a runny nose.    Faith based insurance now.  Huh?
What happens the first time these people need to use their new low premium/high deductible insurance and they can't pay the high deductible? People who don't need any medical care aren't straining the system now, it's the ones that do and can't pay for it. Both of these candidates are proposing plans they can't pay for. The bottom line is, the only way poor people get insured is for everyone else to reach in their pockets and make up the difference. Basically, what we're doing now, only a little more orderly. There's no treasure chest full of "extra" money out there that's going to change anything unless we dramatically reduce healthcare costs or collect more money in premiums.  When/if the time comes that they need medical care and cannot pay the deductible, the hospital will bill them for it, sue them, garnish their wages, etc... just like they do now with people who don't pay.   I would agree that both of the canidates plans pretty much suck, and what we need is an overhaul of our medical system as opposed to simply coming up with creative ways to insure the uninsured.   Personally, I like bushes idea when it comes to allowing (or requiring insurance companies to allow) churches and other groups to set up group coverage plans and enroll members. Since we are NOT going to see an overhaul of the medical system (lets be realistic), I think that this is a viable alternative. I do disagree witht he whole tax rebate scheme that both canidates have suggested for health care. We simply don't have the money, and I for one am not willing to see my taxes go up in order to insure the unisnsured.   Actually, no I'm not having trouble with that concept. That could be a wise choice in certain situations. I'm having trouble with GWB making that choice FOR EVERYONE.  He is not making that choice for everyone. He is suggesting it as an alternative for those who are unable to get/afford insurance on their own. While there are certainly questions about having poor people on a high deductible plan, it is still better than having no insurance at all.   I'll just ask you to read GWB's plan. It's in my first post. It's also at www.georgewbush.com. It's only 6 paragraphs long. But it's a 6 paragraph bomb. Paragraph 5 is where he suggests we buy health insurance through our churches. Wonder if he's checked with the churches on this? Boy were they surprised.   Paragraph 5 does not suggest that we buy health insurance from our church. It simply suggests that our church or charitable institutions should have the option of offering health care for its members. We have a huge number of charitable organisations in this country whcih controll billions of dollars. At one time, charity was not a government mandated function. For years, charity was voluntary and the churches in this country kind of led the way when it came to looking after the poor. Now, the govertnment has taken over such functions, and the price tag on them has gone from large (but voluntary) to huge and involuntary. Instead of being administered at a local level by a dozen volunteers working fro free, our big charity programs are nationwide, administered by a massive beuracracy, and eat up 80% of the funds allocated to them in administration costs (leaving only 20% to actually help those who need it).  What bush is suggesting here is that we give these charitable organisations an opportunity to flex their muscles and help out some folks who don't have health insurance or whose insurance though their employer is so poor that it is cheaper to go another route.   GWB's idea is all encompassing. It's not limited to low income. He verbally phrases it in a way to allow people to hear what they want to hear. You heard help for poor people and thought that sounded good. That's politics for 'ya. Actually, he suggests passing out seed money in Health Savings Accounts to the entire population and subsidizing insurance costs that are currently paid by small businesses. Although, I don't see why big businesses couldn't get in on this too.  No, it is not limited to low income. It also encomapses small business and the self insured as well. It basically tries to cover everybody who does not have insurance now, or who is paying terribly high premiums. There is no "passing out seed money in Health Savings Accounts to the entire population". The two groups he is sugessting handing out seed money too are low income (though I would suggest they use their "earned income tax credit" for this) and small businesses.   I own a small business, and every year I negotiate a new health care plan for my employees. I do the best I can for our folks, spend the time shopping around, etc.... but we still end up paying nearly 3 times what boeing does for their insurance. I pay for 95% of the cost of employee insurance and 75% of the cost of dependant coverage. A guy who lives up the road from me works for a construction company which pays 80% of the cost for insuring the employee, but pays none of the cost of insuring dependants. His family is not insured (wife, kids, etc...) because they simply cannot afford the high premiums. These are the kind of folks who would benifit from HSA seed money. I know of no other small business besides mine which pays such a large chunk of the eployees dependants health care coverage. Frankly, it is a problem.  If he actually mnaged to push through the Associated health plans for small businesses, that wold be a huge step in the right direction. Frankly, it seems unlikely that it si going to happen, since the insurance industry has such a strong lobby, and as we know, our politicians are nothing but special interest whores.  Neither canidate actually has a really good plan when it comes to health care. Bushs has some obvious flaws, as does Kerrys plan (Kerry actually DOES want to start out by handing out free money to everybody in the country).  I think that when you look at the two plans side by side, the bush paln is the better one.   You seem unhappy with the idea with bushes ideas in regard to tax rebates for small business ($500 per family, $200 per individual). Lets take a look atr what kerry is proposing for small business:  Tax Credits to Make Coverage More Affordable. Refundable tax credits for up to 50 percent of the cost of coverage will be offered to small businesses and their employees to make health care more affordable. In addition, the premium rebate pool for certain high cost health cases will help reduce costs for everybody. This protection is especially crucial for small businesses, as they have traditionally fared worse in the marketplace from an inability to sufficiently spread risk. The premium rebate pool and access to the Congressional Health Plan will save small businesses approximately 15 percent in health care costs on top of the tax credit - so health care will be two-thirds cheaper for small business employees than it is today.    Refundable tax credits for up to 50% of coverage cost? That is a LOT more than $500/family or $200/individual per year. In addition, you see him talknig abou the "premium rebate pool". this is a kerry concept where a pool of money is created (though he never says where this money comes from, we all know it is a new tax) to help pay premiums. He also advocates opening up the Congressional Health plan to everybody, effectively creating a government run health insurance company for private citizens. Personally, I don't want the government to own my health insurance company. The govvernment screwing everything has become a cliche, I don;t wnat them screwing up my health insurance.   I don't think either of these guys has a workable plan, but Bushes is certainly cheaper, which I think is important, since we can't really afford either plan.   What I like abotu Bushes plan is that even if you take away the part that costs taxpayers (the tax rebates and such), you still have a workable plan. Merely by allowing small businesses to band together when negotiating for health insurance, or allowing churches and other charitable organisations to provide a plan if they desire, I think that a significant portion of the uninsured could obtain affordable insurance coverage. Can you even imagine the kind of negotiating power the catholic church would have at the table if they decided that they werew going to offer insurance coverage to their memebers? they would be able to write their own policy and insurace companies would still compete for the account.  With kerrys plan, if you take away the parts that are going to cost the taxpayers money that they can't afford to spend, there is no plan. His entire mentality in all of this seems to be "we will just have th government pay for it". Kind of makes you wonder iuf he understands where the governments money comes from....
I'll just quickly point you to an organization called C.O.S.E. (Council of Smaller Enterprises) in Cleveland, Ohio. It's exactly what you're hoping for. Last year I investigated buying insurance through them. It was the most expensive/worst coverage available. I was better off buying as an individual from BC/BS.  Can't really comment on cose, except to say that according to their web page, they offer Kaisers standard plan and HMO health ohios standard plan, and after doing a little googling it looks like they are offering it for roughly 60% less than the standard individual rate.  If you are in ohio and qualify, you might take another look. There are several pages on the internet which talk specifically about COSE, and all are complimetary. Here are a couple:  http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/0,4621,289264,00.html http://www.inc.com/magazine/19910501/4582.html http://www.inc.com/magazine/19960601/1696.html  Unfortunatly, regulations in my state make such programs difficult or even impossible.
Social Securtiy, Taxes, Medicare Plan to put forth  Here's a plan to consider with others regarding Social Security and Taxes and Medicare. Pass this around conduct roundtable discussions on the impact for each.  Medicare is bankrupt. Health expenses are normally above and over what "average" american workers can pay.   Social Security is a lie. Its a lie because it is the largest Ponzi Pyramid Scheme ever devised in history. There are no accounts per person. Its a Pyramid Plan.  Now here's a plan to fully fund both above by just changing the Tax structure.   When the news does their nightly shows and they all state that the unemployment rate is running about 4 to 5 % what does that mean?  Of a country with 280 Million plus people does it mean that only 5% of those people are not working? Does it mean that 266 Million people are working and only 14 million are not?  No it doesn't. What it means is that only 5% of the people who are considered workers are unemployed. So what are the true numbers?   It means that only half of the country are currently employed working citizens. Which is more representative of 140 million. And of that 140 million only 5% are currently unemployed.   So what does this mean for Taxes? It means that payroll tax withholdings are being withheld from only half the country. So only half of the US citizens are contributing to the overall wealth of the country.   So why aren't all the citizens of the country actively contributing? Well, this is a Free country. People here are not forced to work. People work for careers, homes, businesses etc. But there are millions of others who do not work and do not contribute to the tax structure. Stay at home mothers who do not work pay no taxes themselves. Individuals who can live free with other family members do not have to pay taxes. There are millions of individuals who are granted trust funds and heirships from their respective families. As such if they have money in the bank they are not required to go get a job and have taxes withheld. There are millions of students both US born and from other countries here now who are not paying into taxes. There are millions of tourists here every year on vacations and business who do not contribute to the tax structure.   So as such half of the country is directly funding the tax structure and the other half is not.   If Taxes collected by the IRS with payroll withholdings were abolished and the National Fair Tax by fairtax.org were implemented every single person in the country would be directly contributing.   All people in this country whether they have a current job or not need to purchase daily needed items. They all need food. They all need some kind of transportation of some kind. They all need clothes. They all need personal hygiene products, like toothpaste, etc.   With the Fair Tax structure the tax collection base would go immediately from 140 million to the true 280 million plus. Including tourists and others from overseas. Yes even those people who live elsewhere just by purchasing anything in America would now contribute to the overall tax collection base.   With the Fair Tax plan all workers would take their entire gross paycheck to the bank. Of which they would all save it, spend it, or donate it. All of this would feed directly into the economy.  The Fair Tax plan is based on a 23% national sales tax. Their plan also encompasses ways to fund social securtiy and medicare.   Another idea with their plan could be to reduce the national sales tax to 17% which is in direct alingment with all those who endorse a Flat Tax.   This tax funding is now on a daily basis by people purchasing items they need. 280 million plus people now purchasing things every day.   The tax collection structure would now double. The US Treasury would double in revenue collected.   If people are not having taxes withheld from their paychecks any longer it would be the same effect of all having an extra weeks wages added onto their monthly pay now. Do the numbers and you will see.   So it will be like giving everyone in America an immediate Raise without increasing any prices of services, goods, or merchandise. They just keep their own money.   Remember our country is fueled by the Economy.   Of the 3 parts that are currently withtheld from peoples pay right now they are the following. Taxes, of which is the largest part. Then social security which is a small withholding weekly. And FICA which is medicare which is also a small withholding weekly.   If there is no withholding of Federal or State taxes everyone will be happy when they go to the bank.   So let the people keep their tax money which will be collected by everyone going to the malls and stores etc.   Then double in size the withholding of Social Security and Medicare. This will still be a small amount withheld from everyones paychecks.   Of myself I have about $140 to $180 in taxes withheld each pay period. My social security and FICA medicare is roughly about say $14 to $28 withheld each pay period. So if my social security and medicare is increased without me having taxes withheld it will be like taking a good earned raise to the bank.   Once the social security and medicare is doubled do this to fully fund both and get this country away from the Ponzi Pyramid Scheme that both are now.  Now start a solid 20 year plan.   Give all Current Social Security Recipients a 10% increase across the board. Everyone collecting social security gets a 10% increase immediately.   With a mandate that there will also be an additional 1% increase across the board for recipients for the next 20 years.   Then have 5% of everyones Social Security they are paying or collecting to be rolled into Private Accounts which will turn higher margins of return and they own. By owning them, on the day of their death that money in those private accounts goes to their next of kin, or benificiary.   So all recipients get a 10% increase. But 5% is automaticlly enrolled into Private Accounts. So they still collect a 5% increase across the board.   Everyone paying into social security right now pays Twice, Double, what they are currently paying. This would be easy if taxes were collected another way.   With everyone paying double into social security, automaticlly enroll all payors to have 5% of their paying amount fed directly into private accounts of which they own. No politician can touch or draw from those accounts.   That is year One.   Year Two.  Working population, 10% is fed into private accounts of which they own.  Recipients, the same 5% plus this years 1% incease. 6% into private accounts.  Year Three.   Working population, 15% is fed into private accounts of which they own.  Recipients, 6% plus this years 1% increase. 7% into private accounts.  Year Four.  Working population, 20% is fed into private accounts of which they own. Recipients, 7% plus this years 1% increase. 8% into private accounts.   Year Five.   Working population, 25% is fed into private accounts of which they own. Recipients, 8% plus this years 1% increase. 9% into private accounts.   And follow this same model for 20 consecutive years. After 20 years, all the current recipients, if they are still functioning on their own capacity, will still collect like the old model but they will also have private accounts which will be earning more. And these accounts on the day of their death they can will to their children, grandchildren, spouses, or any proper beneficiary.   After 20 years of all current workers paying into this model the entire social security structure can move away from the Ponzi Pyramid Scheme which it is. Everyone would have private accounts which would earn more returns. Their money would be in the bank and not a hope and promise to maybe be delivered.   This can be begun overnight by just doing away with the current IRS tax withholding and going with a modified Fair Tax national sales tax structure.   The Fairtax.org model allows for businesses to do away with hidden taxes which they all pass on to the consumers. So a lot of prices for goods and merchandise could be lowered. A senate oversight commission could monitor and detail to the public consumers those companies who eliminate their hidden taxes in favor of lower prices and those who keep them as profit.   With the entire country and tourists and students from overseas contributing to the tax structure the above model can work.   It would also allow for basic minimum level accounts as is to be created for those individuals whoever and whereever they may be who do not or cannot work to have at least the very basic social security private accounts also.   This same exact model can be applied to medicare. Create Medical Savings Accounts for Retired and Working citizens using the same model. Medical Savings Accounts which each person owns like a bank account but to be used for medical expenses. And they can also will these accounts to their heirs or beneficiaries.   Take this and talk about all the benefits. Find a way to make it work properly.  also http://geocities.com/lobofoxer
I must admit that I really haven't followed this controversey but this looks like something to keep an eye on for future reference. If any Canadians want to expand on this I'd be interested.  "Canada is the only nation other than Cuba and North Korea that bans private health insurance" ================================= Unsocialized Medicine A landmark ruling exposes Canada's health-care inequity.  Monday, June 13, 2005 12:01 a.m. EDT  Let's hope Hillary Clinton and Ted Kennedy were sitting down when they heard the news of the latest bombshell Supreme Court ruling. From the Supreme Court of Canada, that is. That high court issued an opinion last Thursday saying, in effect, that Canada's vaunted public health-care system produces intolerable inequality.  Call it the hip that changed health-care history. When George Zeliotis of Quebec was told in 1997 that he would have to wait a year for a replacement for his painful, arthritic hip, he did what every Canadian who's been put on a waiting list does: He got mad. He got even madder when he learned it was against the law to pay for a replacement privately. But instead of heading south to a hospital in Boston or Cleveland, as many Canadians already do, he teamed up to file a lawsuit with Jacques Chaoulli, a Montreal doctor. The duo lost in two provincial courts before their win last week.  The court's decision strikes down a Quebec law banning private medical insurance and is bound to upend similar laws in other provinces. Canada is the only nation other than Cuba and North Korea that bans private health insurance, according to Sally Pipes, head of the Pacific Research Institute in San Francisco and author of a recent book on Canada's health-care system.  "Access to a waiting list is not access to health care," wrote Chief Justice Beverly McLachlin for the 4-3 Court last week. Canadians wait an average of 17.9 weeks for surgery and other therapeutic treatments, according the Vancouver-based Fraser Institute. The waits would be even longer if Canadians didn't have access to the U.S. as a medical-care safety valve. Or, in the case of fortunate elites such as Prime Minister Paul Martin, if they didn't have access to a small private market in some non-core medical services. Mr. Martin's use of a private clinic for his annual checkup set off a political firestorm last year.  The ruling stops short of declaring the national health-care system unconstitutional; only three of the seven judges wanted to go all the way.  But it does say in effect: Deliver better care or permit the development of a private system. "The prohibition on obtaining private health insurance might be constitutional in circumstances where health-care services are reasonable as to both quality and timeliness," the ruling reads, but it "is not constitutional where the public system fails to deliver reasonable services." The Justices who sit on Canada's Supreme Court, by the way, aren't a bunch of Scalias of the North. This is the same court that last year unanimously declared gay marriage constitutional.  The Canadian ruling ought to be an eye-opener for the U.S., where "single-payer," government-run health care is still a holy grail on the political left and even for some in business (such as the automakers). This month the California Senate passed a bill that would create a state-run system of single-payer universal health care. The Assembly is expected to follow suit. Someone should make sure the Canadian Supreme Court's ruling is on Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger's reading list before he makes a veto decision.  The larger lesson here is that health care isn't immune from the laws of economics. Politicians can't wave a wand and provide equal coverage for all merely by declaring medical care to be a "right," in the word that is currently popular on the American left.  There are only two ways to allocate any good or service: through prices, as is done in a market economy, or lines dictated by government, as in Canada's system. The socialist claim is that a single-payer system is more equal than one based on prices, but last week's court decision reveals that as an illusion. Or, to put it another way, Canadian health care is equal only in its shared scarcity.  When asked whether he was worried about being known as the man who helped bring down his country's universal health-care system, Mr. Zeliotis told the Toronto Star, "No way. I'm the guy saving it." If the Canadian ruling can open American eyes to the limitations of government-run health care, Mr. Zeliotis's hip just might end up saving the U.S. system too.  http://www.opinionjournal.com/editorial/feature.html?id=110006813
Universal health care in Canada is great if you don't mind waiting 6 months for a critical surgery..........
I'm going to make an exception to my "no post" position. I'm not going to respond to any snide remarks, so don't waste your time. ====================================  On the subject of hip replacements, be very careful; be extremely careful. The fatality rate for hip operations is extremely high in the elderly; about 33% as I recall. I know of one man, only 48 years old, who was injured in an auto accident (actually rather minor) that broke his hip. He wound up with a staph infection that eventually took his life and he was bedridden for much of the rest of his life. He took an overdose of medication because of the extreme pain.   I'd get about a dozen second opinions and then I'd get the best surgeon to be found anywhere and a hospital with a sterling reputation before I would even consider such surgery. Knees are different, but hips are wading into dangerous water.  My $0.02 and I'm outta here.
What are you counting as critical? Stats?  Heart bypass, prostate cancer.......I have a couple of Canadian friends who needed those surgeries and one was told he had a 4 month wait and the other a 6 month wait so they both came down to Bellingham Wash and had the Surgery within 2 weeks............
As I said before, classification and stats, not examples and vague anecdotal evidence.  That is all I have is what my friends told me.......sorry if you don't believe it but if you live in Canada just don't get serious illness or you will find out first hand..........
I want stats because the same allegations are made about the UK NHS on the basis of one or two incidents that do not reflect the wider reality, but are used by the right as a stick to beat public healthcare, as if without public healthcare everyone would get treated instantly.  I don't know anything about the UK.......This thread is about Canada and I am telling you what my 2 friends that were ill told me.........  As I said just don't get a serious illness in Canada and theie universal health care will probably work fine.......
Well there illnesses and what they told me about Canadian health care is good enough for me........................  Don't you find it odd that no one that lives in Canada is denying anything i said?
No-ones supporting you either, so that argument doesn't work...  The many people who have to come to the U.S. are..............It does not even affect you..............
Do you have statistics for this, or is this more of your unsupportable BS  Just what my 2 friends from Canada told me about their experience.........
Canadians who can afford to skip the waiting line to go and recieve treatment for the (normally non life threatening illness's) have gone to the US for treatment. Not all and not many but some.  The Canadian health care system is not perfect, but it covers everyone and is overall cheaper then the US system and spends less on administration then the US system.  Overall the French system seems to be about the best.  One problem Canada does not have is supporting a huge military industrial establishment.........Since they under the umbrella of the U.S. when it comes to defense they only have to maintain a second rate military so they are able to put more money into their health sustem.............  My friends tell me that the backlog is huge to see a doctor for both routine and emergency procedures.............They could be disgruntled because of their own experience with it though.........
Public healthcare tends to have problems when right wingers refuse to actually tax the wealthy the amount required to fund it. You get what you pay for in this regard. Increased public spending in the UK has started to provide significant increases in service, though it is taking time to make up for underinvestment.  Yeah, lets tax those rich greedy jerks!!! I mean really, why be equal when you want something for free right??? SCREW FREEDOM I WANT MY HEALTHCARE!!!
I heard an interview with John Shadegg today, and this plan made a lot of sense, so thought I would see what you all think of it. Buy low cost insurance from another State provider.  New York requires every insurance policy sold there to cover podiatry. Acupuncture coverage is mandated in 11 states, massage therapy in four, osteopathy in 24, and chiropractors in 47. There are an estimated 1,800 or so such insurance "mandates" across the country, and the costs add up. "It is always the providers asking for the mandate; it is never the consumer," says health policy guru John Goodman, who has testified before legislatures considering such rules.   What's more, states like New Jersey and New York add two more ultra-expensive requirements: "Guaranteed issue" allows people to wait till they are sick and then buy insurance; "community rating" prevents insurers from charging different prices to people of different ages and health status. These may sound like compassionate ideas, until you realize they make insurance so expensive that millions of people are exposed to financial ruin because they aren't allowed to buy basic policies focused on catastrophic costs.   How expensive? A 2004 study by eHealthInsurance.com found that a typical insurance policy ($2,000 deductible, 20% co-insurance) for a family of four could be had for as little in as $172 per month in a reasonably regulated locality like Kansas City, Missouri. But in New York that family's only option -- managed care -- would run $840 per month, and in New Jersey family policies run a whopping $1,200-plus. We bet Democratic Representative Frank Pallone's constituents in New Jersey would be interested in his view that insurance in his state is only "slightly" more expensive than elsewhere. Source
Looks like a great idea to me. Just reading his proposal should help make it clear to just about anyone why health care costs continue to rise. State's meddling isn't the only reason for increased costs, but they seem to be one significant reason.   I don't have much hope for his proposal though. I wonder what his re-election chances will be after insurance companies and health "providers" fund his opponent.
This is a serious problem that government caused, not the greedy capitalist pigs they would like us to believe. I can't imagine an insurance company would agree to coverage of a person who found out he had cancer yesterday and applied for insurance today. They had mandates forcing this on them. Anyone who buys insurance has to make up the loss. There has to be another way to solve the problem.
This is a serious problem that government caused, not the greedy capitalist pigs they would like us to believe. I can't imagine an insurance company would agree to coverage of a person who found out he had cancer yesterday and applied for insurance today. They had mandates forcing this on them. Anyone who buys insurance has to make up the loss. There has to be another way to solve the problem.  I can't imagine it either, but if I had to pick one type of business most capable of turning a government mandate into a profit, insurance companies would get my vote.   I'm afraid that too many people subconsiously think that conflicts between opposites like health providers (or trial lawyers) vs. insurance companies result in victory for the general public. Shandag's comments show that they both can have common interests (State mandates) that result in wins for both of them and a loss for the general public.
This is a serious problem that government caused, not the greedy capitalist pigs they would like us to believe. I can't imagine an insurance company would agree to coverage of a person who found out he had cancer yesterday and applied for insurance today. They had mandates forcing this on them. Anyone who buys insurance has to make up the loss. There has to be another way to solve the problem. It's called a healthy lifestyle and periodic maintenance. We shouldn't wait until we're sick to go to the doctor. You might say that this would run up health care costs, but really only in a society that does this halfway (which is what we'd have if not everyone was into maintaining their health).  Preventative health care and healthy living are the key (it's all part of personal responsibility).  Living an unhealthy lifestyle and then spending the last 20-30 years of your life paying for it (or insurance companies paying for it) in and out of the hospital is not the way to lower health care costs.
Oregon may become the first US state with universal health care, available to all Oregon residents.  Poor Oregon. At least the country will see it fail in Oregon, thus discouraging universal healthcare nationwide. So when people talk about "how are you going to pay for it", it is a bit misleading. You misunderstood, I believe. How is the GOVERNMENT going to pay for it? And what about jobs that include healthcare plans?  As things stand now, those decisions are made on the basis of ability to pay, which is the cruelest form of rationing that could ever exist If somebody is dying and has little chance of survival, chances are under universal healthcare they will not be treated and thus left to die. Priorities of who to treat will have to be set. Under private healthcare, the individual can choose to pay for treatment if they can afford it. I would rather have some people attempt to save lives if they can afford it, no matter how serious. It would be better to have that than to have all people with little chance of survival told they wont be helped.  If you can't afford a surgery, you can at least try to get money or even borrow or ask for help. But under universal healthcare, if the chances of survival are not high enough, it doesn't matter what you think, the government is in control.  I have been told that women have the right to control their bodies, not the government. Why is it that now government can control healthcare and choose who will get treatment or not? If I am sick, and have little chance of survival, I would still want to at least TRY. My grandfather was told he wouldn't survive, but his cancer treatment helped him live 3 more years before dying. And boy did we pay for it. I cherished those three years, and I would have given anything to ensure he was kept alive as long as possible. If he had been in a universal healthcare system, he would have been told there was too little chance at surviving. People need to be told they may still live, not that they should just give up.
You are erecting a strawman. How so? By stating a consequence of nationalized healthcare? How is Oregon going to pay for this? Does anybody know?  The only time the courts get involved in when doctors and representatives of the patient disagree, as in the cases of terminally ill babies. The government should NEVER get involved in how we act upon our health. It is the individual's right to choose what they think is best. Who should control the health of an ill baby? The parents or the government?
Your "consequence" is a strawman. No...it isn't. The consequences of something do not become strawmen... Here is an article that talks about the consequences (so called strawmen emoticon_rolleyes) of universal healthcare http://www.heartland.org/policybot/results/15034/Canadian_Health_Care_Is_No_Model_for_US.html
"If somebody is dying and has little chance of survival, chances are under universal healthcare they will not be treated and thus left to die."  Your claim that some patient groups would be allowed to die as a consequence of the introduction of Universal Healthcare is untrue, and attacking UH through this untrue assertion is classic use of strawman tactics. A straw man argument is a fallacy based on misrepresentation of an opponent's position, not based on inaccuracies of an argument. Even if my argument were false, that would not make it a strawman argument. Here is an example of an actual strawman argument: Bill and Jill are arguing about cleaning out their closets:  Jill: "We should clean out the closets. They are getting a bit messy."  Bill: "Why, we just went through those closets last year. Do we have to clean them out everyday?"  Jill: "I never said anything about cleaning them out every day. You just want too keep all your junk forever, which is just ridiculous." That is the strawman argument. Jill never said that they should clean the closet everyday. Here is a site explaining the fallacy of a straw man. Fallacy: Straw Man
No, it's a strawman. Your response to the proposal of universal healthcare is to claim that it will result in all manner of unsavoury results, i.e. you misrepresent the position of those in favour of universal healthcare as being in favour of those outcomes. You are creating a strawman, a target that is false but is easy to beat. No, its NOT a strawman. This is quite laughable really. When somebody proposes something, are you not supposed to state a possible negative outcome? I never said you supported people dying because they don't have as much of a chance. You truly do not understand the nature of the straw man fallacy if you believe that by stating an argument against universal healthcare it becomes a strawman.  Ironically, that post right there is a strawman. You distorted my argument and attacked that distortion. I never said people in support of universal healthcare supported the negative outcomes of it...
Hillary and Company will tell you that 47 million in the United States are without health insurance. What they don't want to tell you is that 10 million of those are illegal aliens; 17 million of the remaining 37 million make more than 50 thousand dollars a year; half of those un-insured making over 50 thousand a year make over 75 thousand a year.  ...and she's evidently got some plan to force 10 million illegal aliens to purchase health insurance...in order to get a job.
It sure would be nice if you could provide documentation to support these absurd accusations.  Do you have anything to back any of that up, or are you just quoting someone else again without giving any credit?  The whole "citing your sources" thing isn't just about avoid plagarism you know. It's so that when someone lies to you, and you fall for it and pass the lie on, others can check up on what you're presenting and find the actual facts. (Yes, I'm assuming that you're passing on a lie. History does repeat itself after all.)Try the U.S. Census records. I didn't actually look in the census records personally, but...  ...these people did it for me.  http://www.businessandmedia.org/printer/2007/20070718153509.aspx  Perhaps you will label that a biased site. Then, please feel free to go to the U.S. Census records and find out for yourself that the lies are coming from Hillary and Company.  ...and this Socialist now wants to give $5000 to every baby born in America. I wonder whose vote she's pandering for now.  The woman is a time bomb.
And you believed every word they fed you without a second thought. At least now we know whose line you're peddling. Please, cite your sources to start with in the future. It's not just a good idea, it's the rules. emoticon_xagreeActually, I had heard it several times on radio talk shows that normally do research before making claims. I then read it on several sites that cited the U.S. Census Records as their source. Since the radio shows and the websites all credited the U.S.Census, I perceived that they could not have made it up...since they all matched within acceptable tolerances. It does seem reasonable to you that such information could be gleaned from the census data...does it not?  Will you agree that what they say is true?
Try this:  http://www.census.gov/prod/2007pubs/p60-233.pdf  Go to Table 6, page 29, look in the first column of numbers (representing thousands of uninsured people) and scroll down to:  Nativity:  Not a citizen (includes legal aliens and known illegal aliens only...there's likely more)...9,396  (That's 9.396 million)     Income: 50k to 74,999.....7,826 (That's 7.826 milliion)  75K and up.....7,886 (That's 7.886 million)   While these don't match exactly the 10 and 17 million I claimed in the OP, they're close enough to get the point. Even if dropped to 9 and 15, it's still 24 million less than Hillary and Company claim...making their 47 million lose weight down to 23.
I have friends paying well over $1000/mo to insure themselves and their families. How far do you think $50,000/yr goes? Especially in big city America. And how does one complain about undocumented residents using our medical system in one breath and in the next complain about a plan to have them pony up?:xbangheadI have friends making substantially less than $50K/yr and they manage to buy a home, transportation, nice clothes and their own medical insurance...and still donate to charities.  I'm betting there are some people who can afford insurance but choose not to buy it. There may be some in the census numbers for those making over $75K who make enough that they don't really need insurance. (Were I a billionaire, I might insure myself, too.)  I'm betting Hillary's plan to mandate the purchase of insurance includes government subsidies for those who can't afford it. Government subsidies = government control.  I see several avenues here for digressing to other topics, such as illegal immigration, the Fair Tax, poverty level and such. I'm not so much against illegal aliens abusing our healthcare and give-away programs as I am against their being here in the first place. Fix that problem and many millions will disappear from Hillary's list. Install the Fair Tax and I'll relax on the call to send the illegals packing.  My point is that Hillary and Company are using grossly inflated figures to argue for socialized medicine...and with a dumb electorate, that method works quite well. It's just plainly dishonest.
Where I live this would be impossible.Yes...California is a brand new game. All the gold in California is in a bank in the middle of Beverly Hills...in somebody else's name.  Maybe we should raise the poverty level in California.
Ok, let's look at Clinton's claim now that Jim has supplied real data for us.   She said "It's really indefensible that we now have more than 45 million uninsured Americans"If that is a true quote, she lied. Not-a-citizen = not-an-American.  She didn't mention that some people choose not to buy insurance.  She could have generated some sympathy for the poor who can't afford insurance by extracting all but those living below the line. (What is it now...$20K or so for a family of four?)  Her plan is to mandate that all people be forced to buy insurance. I think I do not want the government to make me buy a damn thing.  What will she do with the Christian Scientists who don't believe in medicine? Is she going to make them buy medical insurance? Is she going to give them an out? Is she going to give anyone else an out? What if I just say that I don't want any insurance?  Hillary's plan is to nationalize everything...as long as she and her Socialist cronies can govern.
...   You own a car or a truck? You have the government mandated insurance for it?  Tada!!  I don't have to own a truck or car. I can walk, take taxis, trains, bum rides from friends. I only have to have a licence and insurance if I plan to use a vehicle on government roads. I can own a farm, have a truck that never leaves the farm and pay no mind to the licence requirement.  Her plan is that all people must buy health insurance whether they need it or not.   And now cue the paranoia. I have to ask this. Everything you've posted recently about Clinton, that I've seen, has been based on distortions and lies. So far, it's based on her statements (that contain at least one lie).   I've got to guess that most if not all of your anti-Clinton info is the same. My question is this: Have you ever considered that if so much of your info is bogus, then perhaps Clinton might not be as bad as you think? I don't know that any of it is bogus. You certainly haven't shown that.   Rather then spreading lies because you think you're preventing some sort of danger, have you ever stopped and really thought about how real that danger actually is? Have you ever thought about how much you're being manipulated?Perhaps you haven't paid close attention to what Hillary says and does.  Are you denying that she is socialistic?
Personally, I think we NEED to be asking these questions, rather than just giving Clinton or any candidate an automatic benefit of the doubt. I agree, we need to know specifically what she'd do in cases of people who don't want to buy insurance for whatever reason. What about the Amish or Mennonite groups? What about others who just don't want to take from the govt's hand for whatever reason? This isn't being "paranoid", it's responsibly expecting candidates to be more specific and forthcoming. I don't care if it's Clinton or if it's George W. Bush, there's nothing paranoid about questioning and giving some skepticism toward what they want to do.
What you said: "I think I do not want the government to make me buy a damn thing." But the governement does make you buy something, and you seem to be ok with that. And the government makes you pay taxes, social security, all kinds of stuff. Face it, you're about 50 years too late if you really cared about the government having any say at all in how you spend your money. Since I've never heard peep one out of you over any of these things, I can't really believe that it's all that big a deal to you.Actually, I have the option of paying taxes or facing consequences. True, the government chooses what it will buy with the money we all contribute to the purse. The government is expected to buy us roads and bridges. Government takes labor which must be paid. Government of a superpower like the US requires a large military. In all cases, the government is spending from a pile of citizen's money and buying things that benefit the citizens. They are not requiring that each citizen buy a specific item in order to be a citizen. Hillary would require that each citizen buy a specific thing...health care insurance that they may not want or need.   Since all your info to date has been from liars who just want to slander Clinton I have to wonder how much you actually know about her actual plans. Care to share your data for this one? Is this based on a policy paper she wrote, or a right wing political hack job? That is, facts or lies? Your record to date rather suggests the later.Are you staggering in disbelief that Hillary actually has these plans? I don't know how Hillary's plans can be attributed to other people. She is the one who makes them and publishes them. Is it a lie that she said we have 47 million uninsured Americans? (Hint: No) Is it a lie that we have 47 million uninsured Americans? (Hint: Yes)  Have you not heard of her plan to force everyone to buy health insurance? Have you not heard of her plan to give every newborn American $5000? (Boy, this will get a lot of late term aliens to cross the border. Not only do they get to have an anchor baby in the US, they get an instant 5 grand.) With the latter, she's merely pandering to the welfare whores who have babies for profit.   No Jim, it's based on one statement provided for you by someone who, you yourself demonstrated, is willing to lie. Remeber, you showed that the numbers they gave were simply not true. Perhaps, just perhaps, they took that one sentence out of context! Perhaps her very next sentence went into the exceptions? Who knows? Certainly not you.No cigar. She and others have used the 47 million number without modification in their arguments for socialized medicine. The fact that both sides round up numbers is not astounding. (7.886 to 8 is not a ridiculous round-up) The fact that she and others claim the full number without extracting the ones that are NOT AMERICANS makes it a lie. The fact that they do not extract the ones actually capable of buying their own insurance points to their being deliberately misleading, but not necessarily lying.   Snopes did a great job of showing your last dig at Clinton to be bogus. You chose not to pay attention, but I can hardly be blamed for that. I can show you the truth, but I can't make you see it.It did nothing of the sort. It gave its opinion regarding the full text from which the words she spoke were quoted. It did not successfully argue that she is not exhibiting socialist values.   I don't even want to guess what you mean by that word, but I will say that whatever it is, it's almost certainly not true.Perhaps I should have used "a socialist" instead of "socialistic". It does fit better.  Human beings by their very biological nature are socialistic.Not quite. Humans are social animals, as are some other species. Governmental socialism is a far cry from just being social or charitable. I enjoy being a social person myself, but I abhore socialism.
No, I'm stating flat out that you are so desperate to believe any bad thing you hear about Clinton that you have no actual idea what her plans are. I'm quite sure that all you know, or want to know, are the distortions that you've been fed. Your tactic will not work here. While true that I have not read word for word, her plan, I have listened to and read many paragraphs about it.    And case in point. She quotes actual numbers, but because the one sentence fed to you does provide all the details you'd like, you label her a liar.She quoted the total number of people who have no insurance...not the total number of people who cannot afford insurance.   And another case in point. It thuroughly showed that the quotes were taken out of context or edited to skew what was said. If having read the full text, if you actually did, you choose not to see that obvious truth, that's your choice....and as I responded last time, it did not, even when acknowledging the snipping, make a case that she is not a socialist.  Ok, so do you have anything solid to back that up? I know Jim doesn't, but i'd like to hear what you have in the way of details. (bolding is mine.)  http://www.time.com/time/politics/article/0,8599,1662655,00.html Instead, Clinton's new plan achieves universal coverage by imposing an "individual mandate" - a requirement that those who do not get coverage from their employers go out and purchase it themselves - but also by offering tax breaks and other incentives to make that affordable. It would be financed in part by eliminating President Bush's tax cuts for wealthier Americans.  {the tax cuts were for all Americans, not just wealthy ones} .....  Ironically, although the Clinton plan looks very much like the one that Mitt Romney signed into law for Massachusetts when he was Governor of that state, the Republican candidate blasted it Monday as "bad medicine." As a presidential contender, he has distanced himself from the Massachusetts program, which is proving costlier and more difficult to implement than advertised. He also says that what works for an individual state may not work nationally. "A one-size-fits-all national health care system is bound to fail," Romney said in introducing his plan last month.     http://www.hillaryclinton.com/feature/healthcareplan/americanhealthchoicesplan.pdf This is a biased Hillary site continuing the claim that 47 million American are not insured. It paints the whole 47 million (and 10 million who fear they may lose their coverage) as being unable to buy insurance without government help.  Bull-on-E!     http://ezraklein.typepad.com/blog/2007/09/the-hillary-pla.html Clinton's plan is of the "individual mandate" variety, in which universal coverage is achieved by mandating that every American purchase health care. In order to ensure that that's both possible and affordable, the Clinton plan creates a few new coverage options, reform the insurance industry, limits coverage costs to a percentage of income, and washes your car.  The comments under this article are interesting, too.
The president's claim that this program was too expensive rings hollow in the face of the massive deficit spending resulting from a war in Iraq - now in its fifth year and costing between $6 billion and $9 billion each month to prosecute, according to the Congressional Budget Office. It is profoundly hypocritical to have government employees, who enjoy federally controlled health care, deny the same to their constituents on the grounds that it will lead us down a slippery socialist slope.   Non sequitor. Spending on one program does not justify spending on another. Hopefully you do not elect to max out your credit card because you are already paying thousands to a mortgage company. You could just as easily justify the war spending by pointing to the massive cost of welfare (367 Billion according to the 2007 budget.) Poor logic.  There are actually plenty of reasons to oppose this bill. The first big Duh is that it covers "children" up to the age of 25. The second big Duh is that you cannot pay for the program on the backs of tobacco users. Want another Duh? How 'bout the $83,000 income ceiling. Call me particular, but when you invoke poor children to gain support for a bill I sort of expect the bill to cover people who are poor and children. Go figure.   Here's a little background for ye on SCHIP. It was initially enacted by the Republican Congress in 1997. By definition, SCHIP was focused on those children whose parents couldn't afford to purchase insurance individually and whose employers did not provide a family health insurance benefit.  HOWEVER... Instead of re-authorizing SCHIP with a funding increase to include those children eligible under the original criteria, the Democratic majority in Congress proposed a broad expansion of SCHIP to include hundreds of thousands of adults as well as upper-income children already covered under private insurance. The price tag is more than double the current program-$35 billion for the expansion alone. In some states, families earning up to $83,000 a year would be eligible for this "low-income program."  Trent Lott offers the following observations:    How do Democrats plan to pay for this massive funding increase? By raising your taxes, of course, starting with a 61-cent-a-pack tobacco tax. Some contend that when you increase tobacco taxes, tobacco use drops. Common sense, often missing from Washington debates, says we can't have it both ways. If we tax people out of smoking, then we're taxing children off SCHIP.   According to the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office, a tobacco tax is "the most regressive" and will hit the poor and working class harder than most, the very people whose children SCHIP was intended to help.   Then there's the slight of hand: CBO says Democrats hide about $40 billion in unpaid costs in their expansion through budget gimmicks. After five years, Congress will be forced to raise taxes further or drop millions of children off the SCHIP rolls in 2013.   The problems aren't just limited to funding issues. This massive increase voids a sound rule requiring states to enroll 95% of eligible children in SCHIP before allowing adults on the program.   Identification regulations are also relaxed for legal and illegal immigrants to sign up for SCHIP.   SCHIP and Medicaid combined already cover the same number of Americans living at or below 200% of poverty. The problem isn't that SCHIP needs to reach more people. It needs to reach the right people.   The Republican alternative to the SCHIP reauthorization was simple and focused on children who otherwise would have no health insurance. Our alternative was an $8 billion a year, or 33%, increase in the current program. A 33% increase in a program as large as SCHIP is hardly anti-kid.   Our alternative would have prevented "crowd-out," where families drop their pre-existing, private insurance policies to sign up for an entitlement. Every dollar going to cover a middle-income adult is a dollar taken away from the very child SCHIP was intended to help.  To this, Democrats accuse Republicans of refusing to help children. That's the height of political demagogy. 
I'm not quite clear on the rest of your points so I will address this one. The "poor logic" is not mine. Your example does not quite lend itself to the principle I mentioned. It is more logical to assume that if we should choose to spend government money on the people who contributed to it, including those who already receive "government welfare", i.e. employees, armed services, et al. it would be reasonable.   Where is the logic or value in literally wasting that kind of OUR money attempting to prosecute a war without end? Where is OBL . . . . the one responsible for 9-11? After this amount of time and money Iraq is a fiscal dump! To continue this war rather than taking care of our own is wasteful, irresponsible and frankly stupid. ".....now in its fifth year and costing between $6 billion and $9 billion each month to prosecute, according to the Congressional Budget Office is beyond reason." (First thing you know this could add up to be real money.) $4,000 a second. As Dr. Phil asks, "What are you thinking?"   I guess it's all in where you place value on your fellow countrymen. Mine are different from yours.  It would appear that your values also include plagiarism because your post is a word for word copy of a column which ran in the Staunton, VA News Leader.   http://www.newsleader.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20071018/OPINION02/710180303/1014/OPINION  I am delighted that our values differ so markedly. I wonder though: You had no comment on the fact that the bill covers families making up to $83,000 dollars, and no problem with the fact that the bill considers 25 year old adults to be children. You were unclear on the questions concerning access by illegal aliens and had no response to the question of funding. All you offered was a non-sequitor concerning the War. So basically, your chief reason for supporting this bill is that since we are already wasting money in Iraq, why not waste some here???   I really can't make this any clearer. The cost/success/progress of the War is completely and utterly irrelevant to why this bill should or should not be approved.   So lets try this again shall we? Come out from behind your Cost-Of-War-Smokescreen and justify this bill. Explain why 25 year olds should be considered children. Explain how a family making $83,000/year cannot afford health care. Explain how a regressive tobacco tax will be sufficient to pay the insurance costs of these twenty-something toddlers.   I will check tomorrow's News Leader for your response.
Not only should he have vetoed this plan but Bush should look at other ways to cut back spending. This country can sustain what is spends now...why increase it more?
Simple everyone should be covered no matter the age. I support taxes upon all business to suppot the cost of health care. I also support legally forcing all companies based or trading stock with in the United States to do the majority of manufacture of their products within the United States.Based on your stances, what you want is akin to the old Soviet type communism, Matthew. I'll give you a little hint:   It doesn't work!
No they are still free to manufacture what they want they just need to do it here. They also need to be taxed to pay for the health care of people who work for them and the people who buy their products.You do that and you guarantee private sector business failure because the cost of the products will have to rise.  Why is it so hard for you, who claimes to be Christian, to support taking care of the sick, hungry, and the poor. Jesus was not a capitalist he was a socialist.The difference is that I help out of my willingness, not by government edict.
nonsense people will still have to buy things and there will still be a need to make things. No, Matthew, it's the simple law of profit and loss. When a business gets priced right out of the marketplace, it fails.        a selfish unchristian attitude.How? God didn't say that the government has an exclusive right to my wallet either.
And there will be others to take its place. I am so tired of the line of arguement that over taxation will drive business out of business. NonsenseReally? Then, according to your line of thinking, states like New York and Michigan, two of the highest taxed and most Liberal states in the country, should be drawing businesses by the boatload.        So then it is better to have people die on the streets to save your wallet? Strawman
Then he should end the war in Iraq.Probably the best argument to end the war is that we can't afford the war but even if we end the war we are still in debt. Only way to solve that problem is to lower benefits and raise taxes...the exact opposite of what anyone would want.
I notice that nobody has responded to Herr Mutz's claims that 25-year olds and people that make $ 83.000 are not poor children and therefore the program should not be expanded. I wonder why?  Furthermore, trying to "win" the argument by saying that Herr Mutz is a filthy neocon (when he's actually the opposite) is a testament on how weak the oppositions arguments really are.  And if you really have to go that way, just call him a Nazi and be done with it.  Tricks and treachery are the practice of fools, that don't have brains enough to be honest.   And to have the money for the program come out of the pockets of only a specific group of people is just despicable.  But I guess it's always easy to spend other peoples money.  Here's a newsflash for you guys: The US (both people and government) is BROKE. You have over $70 trillion worth entitlements floating around, no money to pay for them and you've just maxed out all your creditcards. Now is not a good time to add more entitlements to the list, no matter how "noble" your intentions are.
I notice that nobody has responded to Herr Mutz's claims that 25-year olds and people that make $ 83.000 are not poor children and therefore the program should not be expanded. I wonder why?  Furthermore, trying to "win" the argument by saying that Herr Mutz is a filthy neocon (when he's actually the opposite) is a testament on how weak the oppositions arguments really are.  And if you really have to go that way, just call him a Nazi and be done with it.  Tricks and treachery are the practice of fools, that don't have brains enough to be honest.  Out of curousity...what is the opposite of a Dirty Neocon? A Clean Paleolib?  Dirty Neocons would be a good name for a thrash metal band.
Can you explain these taxes that you say Michigan has that other satates don't?   According to Tax Foundation Data, Michigan ranks 14th in State and Local Tax burden with these taxes encompassing 11.2% of income. If you factor in Federal taxes, the citizens of Michigan fork over 31.9% of their income. This percentage ranks them 21st out of the 50 states and myriad territories.   The only reason Michigan doesn't rank higher on the list of highest taxed states is that the other Blue states are competing for the dubious honor. Of the top 14 taxed states, 12 are blue... What makes this even more extraordinary is that there were only 19 blue states to begin with, the vast proportion of which are the highest taxed in the union.
Can you explain these taxes that you say Michigan has that other satates don't?   According to Tax Foundation Data, Michigan ranks 14th in State and Local Tax burden with these taxes encompassing 11.2% of income. If you factor in Federal taxes, the citizens of Michigan fork over 31.9% of their income. This percentage ranks them 21st out of the 50 states and myriad territories.   The only reason Michigan doesn't rank higher on the list of highest taxed states is that the other Blue states are competing for the dubious honor. Of the top 14 taxed states, 12 are blue... What makes this even more extraordinary is that there were only 19 blue states to begin with, the vast proportion of which are the highest taxed in the union.Unfortunately, Mutzie, New York, with the Lamborghini of welfare programs, ranks numero uno in terms of overall taxation!
And yet, we have enough money to stay in a war that's costing us $4,000.00 a second. Well, spending money on wars is never a good thing, but just because that's bad, doesn't mean that spending it on other programs is good.  One of the reasons no one has responded to "Herr Mutz's" comment on the $83,000.00 is because it is factually incorrect as written here. The bill is written differently than offered by the talking heads, a hugh source of political knowledge here. I'm not knowledgeable enough about this subject to make any kind of judgement call on this one, but in general if someone writes something you think is factually incorrect, it's a good thing to call on them on their alledged BS instead of ignoring them.  gamehuis, according to your profile you live outside of the US. How does your insurance coverage work there? Here in Holland we used to have socialized medicine where our employers held back money from our paychecks. The employers then added a certain amount for each employee and then gave it to the government, who in turn gave it to the insurance companies. Employees were then able to choose from a list of insurance companies that their employers drafted. Unemployed people were only required to pay a token amount ($25-$50 per month) and got their insurance through a government insurance company. Health insurance was mandatory by law.  These days we have a semi socialized/corporate medicine system. All people are still required by law to have health insurance. The employers no longer hold back any money and the people can buy insurance directly from any number of health insurance companies. The government makes sure that no insurance company raises the prices too much and that all people that apply for insurance get it. Insurance companies are not allowed to refuse anyone on medical reasons. That means that even a person that has AIDS, cancer and the birdflu can get insurance for the exact same price as a fit and healthy person.  As a conservative I'm not too happy about any kind of socialized medicine. I think that a true free market can deliver any service better and cheaper than a government controlled market. But all things considered, when you have a system, any system, that makes sure that all the people have health insurance, one can't really complain.
That's because we have a group of cowards running the government today.What do you think most of the country would do if they raised taxes and lowered benefits including medicare and social security? They would kick out the president for one and probably a lot of congress. In the end, that is what it takes though.
I only pay 3.56% income tax I don't know where they came up with their data. Could you list these taxes you seem to think I am paying as a citizen of michigan. I pay 32.11% comes out of my gross 11.28% federal, 5.97% ss, 1.4% medicad, 3.56% state,4.9% insurance, 5.0% 401k combined out of my check. So if I just go with taxes it is a total of 22.21%, 18.65% federal and 3.56% state. I don't know what dark hole you are pulling your figures from.   Please post a detailed list these supposed taxes I am paying. Please include a detail list of taxes outside of income that the citizens of Michigan pay that the citizens in other states do not pay.  Hell, look it up for yourself:  http://www.taxfoundation.org/news/show/335.html  Tax Foundation data is more representative of tha actual tax burden faced by the States because the data provided by the Census Bureau does not incorporate local/property/sales taxes. You can get more data on your state here:  http://www.taxfoundation.org/research/topic/36.html  Yes, you may only pay 3.9% in INCOME tax, but you are quite forgetting property taxes, sales taxes, ad valorem taxes (where applicable). That doesn't even begin to address imbedded taxes (increased costs of products gleefully passed along to you by businesses to offset the cost of their own taxes.) If you rent, you pay an imbedded property tax. You don't think you landlord simply pays the tax without passing the cost on to you do you?   That is the basic problem with your desire to pay for the solution of the world's problems by taxing business. Businesses pay no taxes, CONSUMERS pay taxes. The tax at the heart of the SCHIP debate (increased tobacco tax) is at its heart the most regressive of taxes.   For your particular edification you could review the Michigan Tax burden since 1970:  http://www.taxfoundation.org/research/show/461.html  Remember, the data incorporates the averages of the State and local taxes. Your own particular local may vary. If your own town is below the average, by all means, lobby your town council to rectify the "problem". Your own tax burden may also be altered by adjusting investments, purchasing habits, etc. Curious that this is just the sort of thing you have accused the "evil rich" of doing.
If you think private is better than universal, sponsored by the government, the borders are open. ]C'mon over.   So you think that the gubment which could not respond to Katrina, could not find WMD, could not protect its citizens from lead-painted Chinese toys, could not guarantee food safety, cannot find Osama, wastes "$4,000 per second" on an unwinnable war and can not protect its borders is somehow going to fix healthcare?  By the way, we already have some socialized programs including law enforcement, state and government workers, etc. We also have social programs which we can afford i.e. social security, medicare.  Interesting that you tout Social Security as a gubment success. Have you by any chance compared your social security benefit to the benefit you would have derived from privately investing? If the gubment were to take your SS tax dollars and invest them even conservatively you would have a far higher standard of living. The social security my folks paid into now barely covers their property taxes and grocery costs. I suppose the answer would be to raise their taxes to increase their benefits?   Meanwhile the medicare trust fund will be out o' money by 2020. Think medicare is a success? Ask a physician who must deal with the paperwork and wait for reduced payment or the participant who must wait for services.   From the Social Security Administration's 2007 annual report: http://www.ssa.gov/OACT/TRSUM/trsummary.html  Each year the Trustees of the Social Security and Medicare trust funds report on the current and projected financial status of the two programs. This message summarizes our 2007 Annual Reports.  The financial condition of the Social Security and Medicare programs remains problematic; we believe their currently projected long run growth rates are not sustainable under current financing arrangements. Social Security's current annual surpluses of tax income over expenditures will soon begin to decline and then turn into rapidly growing deficits as the baby boom generation retires. Medicare's financial status is even worse. Medicare's Hospital Insurance (HI) Trust Fund is already expected to pay out more in hospital benefits this year than it receives in taxes and other dedicated revenues. The growing annual deficits in both programs are projected to exhaust HI reserves in 2019 and Social Security reserves in 2041. In addition, the Medicare Supplementary Medical Insurance (SMI) Trust Fund that pays for physician services and the new prescription drug benefit will continue to require general revenue financing and charges on beneficiaries that grow faster than the economy and beneficiary incomes over time.  The drawdown of Social Security and HI Trust Fund reserves and the general revenue transfers into SMI will place mounting pressure on the Federal budget. In fact, this pressure is already evident. For the first time, a "Medicare funding warning" is being triggered, signaling that non-dedicated sources of revenues-primarily general revenues- will soon account for more than 45 percent of Medicare's outlays. By law, this warning requires that the President propose, and the Congress consider, remedial action.   End quote And that is the Social Security Administration admitting the system is bust!  Your avatar would lead one to believe that ye are a Vietnam veteran. Why no mention of your VA benefits or efforts to secure them? Nevertheless, as a Vietnam era Veteran you should be nearing the age of medicare eligibility. Your medical insurance problems will be resolved on the backs of the younger generation as those baby boomers retire en masse. Fewer than 2.5 workers will be available to provide the tax moneys necessary to sustain the program. The solution: Cut benefits or increase taxes on those remaining tax payers.   BTW, only the neo-conservatives here are against all of us having some kind of decent, affordable coverage  I don't suppose you would suggest that neocons (or anyone else) are opposed to food, but I don't suppose you would suggest that anyone who does not support universal grocery subsidy is an evil neocon. What about shelter? Universal gubment sponsored housing! Only a neocon would question the cost!   Surely food and shelter are more fundamental needs than medical care. The problem is not that folks are opposed to others having these things. The problem is how to pay for these big society ideas without raising taxes to an onerous level. Americans already spend 1/3 of the year at work simply to satisfy their current tax burden. I doubt many of them would be excited to have to work until May or June to satisfy the tax man.
Isn't that part of the republican platform? Raise taxes on the middle, and reduce benefits?Your post shows why we could never do such a thing. It isn't about republican or democrat....they both are at fault and the solution will benefit no one in the short term and probably hurt the lower and middle class the most.   If the republicans raised taxes and reduced benefits then I'd actually like them.
Then you do not have a claim that Michigan is one of the highest tax states. I gave you the detail percentages from my paycheck. We have a 6% sales tax and dealing with the p&L's from the business I am in I know that there are no other taxes out there. So your overtaxation claim can not be upheld.  I guess that's my fault for not accepting your personal anecdote over the statistics provided by the Tax Foundation or the US Census Bureau. According to the former, Michiganders pay 11.2% in state and Local taxes, just slightly above the national average but high enough to place them at #14 out of 50 states. That sir is more than 36 other states, ergo Michigan IS one of the highest tax states.   Moreover, the US Census bureau ranks Michigan as #8 in total tax burden. The best data for Michigan appears in the per-capita tax rating in which Michigan is 18th with an average per capita tax burden of $2,324. Eighteenth is still well above the median. (http://www.census.gov) To be fair, Michigan ranks 3rd among states who impose a flat fee individual income tax structure. Yey Michigan! Too bad that is still higher than 36 other States.  So that is one non-partisan research group and one gubment agency against one personal anecdote.   But it's getting worse:  Michigan Raises Income Tax to 4.35%  http://www.freep.com/apps/pbcs.dll/artikkel?Dato=20071001&Kategori=NEWS06&Lopenr=710010329&Ref=AR&imw=Y  (truncated for your attention span)  A potentially chaotic, full government shutdown was averted at around 4 a.m. when the state Senate voted to expand the 6% sales tax to various services, the final major piece of a plan to erase a $1.75-billion deficit and balance a 2007-08 budget.  Three of 21 Republicans voted for the sales tax change, and only one of 17 Democrats opposed it.  The vote came three hours after the House and Senate voted to raise the 3.9% income tax rate to 4.35%, and approved controversial changes in school employee health insurance and pension benefits aimed at reducing state costs.  Late Sunday, the Democrat-controlled House passed a bill to raise the state income tax from 3.9% to 4.35% by a 57-52 vote with just two Republicans - Chris Ward of Brighton and Ed Gaffney of Grosse Pointe Farms - voting for it. Only three Democrats - Lisa Wojno of Warren, Martin Griffin of Jackson and Mike Simpson of Liberty Township near Jackson - voted against it.  The Tax Foundation says ye are over taxed, the Census Bureau says ye are over taxed and now the State Gubment just increased the percentage of the income tax and expanded the sales tax so that now you are paying tax on even MORE items!  Lets recap: One Non-Partisan agency, One Gubment Agency and one Michigan Newspaper vs Matthew's personal observation an observation which notably does not include property taxes (15th Nationally), alcohol or tobacco taxes (4th nationally), ad valorem taxex, etc. Significantly, your tax statement does not represent corporate tax collections (8th nationally) which is a key reflection of how attractive your State is to prospective employers. If you can't attract those evil corporations to your State, you cannot tax them to provide services to your citizens.   Where Michigan really gets hosed is the comparatively corporate friendly tax environment of neighboring Indiana. According to (sigh) statistics (sorry for the lack of personal anecdotes) on the scale of states with the most friendly Corporate Tax rates Michigan ranks 29th while Indiana ranks 12th.   Just damn.   If you have any real data this would be a good time to use it. In the meantime, I'll kick back in my red state and enjoy one of the lowest tax burdens in the Union.   PS: My car was built in Tennessee and I bought it 12 years ago so I haven't been helping much.
Interesting. Making value judgements seem not to be a part of your logic. Spending on war or on health care seem to be the same in your opinion here.  Not really. Let me simplify it for you: Spending on war is worse than spending on healthcare, BUT spending on anything is bad when you're BROKE(!).   Maybe you should have read back a littler earlier in the thread. I did!! No you didn't. You just said the equivalent of "I'm right and you're wrong" without backing it up with anything like a link to the bill or a direct copy/paste from it. Claims without proof are just opinions and we all know the saying about opinions.  I presume by what you wrote that having a conservative view trumps practicality. My wife and I pay $2,000 a month to Aetna for health care which cannot be bought elsewhere due to health reasons. Every other company will not insure us. Why? type II diabetes and high blood pressure. . .that's it! We still have a large deductible and co-payments for drugs. So, if you like free, truly free market, come on over. If you think private is better than universal, sponsored by the government, the borders are open. ]C'mon over. By the way, we already have some socialized programs including law enforcement, state and government workers, etc. We also have social programs which we can afford i.e. social security, medicare. BTW, only the neo-conservatives here are against all of us having some kind of decent, affordable coverage. Heath care here is a train wreck in many instances. If I didn't have (or could not afford) insurance, had a heart attack requiring surgery, my wife and I would be out on the streets. So, our choice is clear. . . .gamble or pay $2K a month. What would you do? I hate to be the one to tell you this, but the markets in the US are anything but free. What you have are government controlled markets. Or did you think that all those HMO's and pharmaceutical companies employ armies of lobbyists just for fun and without expecting something in return?  So basically you would trust the same guys (politicians, corporations, lobbyists) that created the current system that forces you to pay $2k a month to come up with a system that's better for you and worse for them?  There is no such thing as a free market anywhere on the planet. Governments everywhere have a say in anything and everything. They even go so far as to regulate vitamins so that the people don't have free access to them and are forced to go to the mega corporations for their needs.  Welcome to the wonderful world of corporatism (i.e. fascism).
I gave you real data with the percents from my paycheck. Unless you can list some tax that I pay that those in others states don't pay you have no case. Your claim is false, no matter what statistics you are using when put up against the reality or real data. The Michigan income tax is going to 4.35% however that is still lower then the 4.4% that it was in 1995.  The funny thing about statistics is that they are data. The statistics I have quoted reflect the total tax burden of the average citizen of Michigan. Your pay check does not constitute a sizable data pool and does not reflect all the taxes you pay. Your real data is not complete. Your figures do not include property taxes, sales taxes, gasoline taxes, tobacco taxes, telephone taxes, local taxes and imbedded taxes. It also does not reflect the payroll taxes paid by your EMPLOYER. Your employer does not pay this tax but merely subtracts it from your total compensation.   I have rather patiently provided you with real-world data I have provided citations and statistics from three separate sources which you have countered with a pay stub. Your pay stub does not negate the previously posted statistics which consistently place Michigan in the ranks of the highest taxed states. The US Census ranks Michigan in the top 20% of taxed states. Your paycheck cannot erase that.   If we take you at your word and assume your provided figures are correct (but adjust the income tax to the current flat-rate of 3.9%, your payroll deductions account for a total of 22.55% of your total income. Lets look at some of the taxes ye missed:   Property Taxes  Property Taxes per $1,000 of Personal Income: This measure. from the U.S. Census Bureau, is probably the best measure of the relative burden of taxes. In fiscal year 1990, Michigan ranked 10th among the 50 states with $47.09 in property taxes per $1,000 of personal income. The national (50-state) average was $35.62. Michigan's high burden also placed it second among the 12 Midwestern states. http://www.educationreport.org/article.aspx?ID=5802  The mathematician in ye will inform you that $47.09 out of every $1,000 = 4.79%. Even if you pay rent to a landlord you are absorbing this tax in increased rent.  22.55%+4.79% = 27.34%.  Sales Tax:  Here it gets a little tricky. The average Michigander (Michigoose?) pays $781 per year in sales tax. Given that the average per capita income in Michigan is $37,538 the average per capita sales tax expenditure equals 2.0% of the average per capita income.  22.55%+4.79%+2.0% = 29.34%  Gasoline:  Michigan's gasoline tax is a modest $.19875 per gallon. According to the US Department of Energy, the average American consumes 500 gallons of gasoline per year. This means that the average Michigander forks over just about $100 in gas taxes. Add the nearly $100 you pay in federal gasoline taxes and you have another .5% of tax. Factor in the additional costs for 6% sales tax (not factored in the above sales tax calculation) and you reach 0.75%  22.55% + 4.79% + 2.0% + 0.75% = 30.09%.   Tobacco Tax:  According to the Michigan Tobacco Settlement Filings, as of 2002 there were 2.4 Million smokers in Michigan. Taking the US Department of Health and Human Services data, we can conclude that these smokers consume an average of one pack per day. The Michigan Tobacco Tax (4th highest in the nation) stands at $2.00 per pack. Each day, smokers cough up $4.8 million in tobacco tax or $1,752,000,000 per year. Given the 2006 population of the State of Michigan, we can extrapolate the average per capita cost for the tobacco tax at $175.00.   22.55% + 4.79% + 2.0% + 0.75% + 0.4%= 30.49%. For a difference of , 7.94% or $2,980 per capita.  Well Matthew, it would appear that I discovered nearly $3,000 worth of taxes you didn't realize you were paying. I'm beginning to understand why you think people should pay more taxes to fund more socialist endeavors. Add in local and municipal taxes, user fees, ad valorem taxes, tolls, utility and telephone taxes, and your percentage will reach those put forth by the US Census Bureau and the Tax Foundation.  If you have real data from a reputable source please put it forward, or at least call me a bigoted neocon. Anything but please do not put your pay check forward as evidence. It makes you look ill-informed and makes this all too easy.
Are you saying that people in other states don't pay property taxes, sales tax, tabacco tax, or gas taxes?  No I am saying that they pay less property, sales, tobacco and gas taxes. How could Michigan rank 8th out of 50 if those other states didn't pay those taxes? In the case of property taxes, 40 States pay less. 46 States pay less tobacco tax. The average sales tax is 5% and Michigan's 6% sales tax exceeds that average. Overall, Michiganders pay more than the residents of 42 other states according to the US Census. But next year, the tax burden will rise and Michigan will likely pass up some of those blue states who currently bear a higher tax burden.
I, for one, am 100 percent behind universal health care.Perhaps you should interview a large group of people from a country that has such already.  You appear to be 100% behind socialism and a big government parent to provide your every need. Let's just put EVERYBODY on welfare.emoticon_rolleyes
Makes more sense than the system we have today that just continues to escalate out of sight for many. And if for whatever reason you lose your job, I hope you have lots of money set aside to pay your own way, bud, cause you're going to need it.  Funny you should mention it. I lost my job in July. I have been paying private insurance since. I pay $231/month for Blue Cross/Blue Shield for a family of three. It is less than the premium I paid when I was working.  Your results may vary...
http://www.freemarketcure.com/brainsurgery.php  Perhaps our Canadian posters can confirm or deny the truthfulness in this video. Are we in the US on our way toward the unavailability of medical care due to governmental control?
It couldn't be any clearer than that now, can it. Now consider the difference in population size and ask how an American Socialized Medicine program could hope to be any more efficient than Canada's.
isly,  Are we in the US on our way toward the unavailability of medical care due to governmental control?   Get serious, man.  We already have unavailability of medical care based on something far more cruel - ability to pay.  I have a dear friend who is not making enough in wages to be able to afford private medical insurance (Now there's an oxymoron. The only thing that gets healthy is these companies' bottom line.).  My friend needs a liver transplant. No, he's not Mickey Mantle who drank himself into this situation.  The hospital wants $150K up front to put his name on the waiting list.  Now there's a death sentence.  America as a country should be ashamed of things like this.  The sooner we have single payer health care financed through taxes, the better I will like it.I am serious. Governmental control of the medical industry will be catastrophic.  Why don't you have your friend move to Canada and try to get a transplant from within a single payer system such as you describe? Let me know how it turns out.  I am not in agreement with all practices maintained in our current health system....such as hospitals charging the uninsured many times higher prices than the insured are charged. This is a ridiculous practice. If your friend's hospital wants $150,000.00 from him, they'd likely bill an insured person something like $30,000.00 for similar services related to the transplant. I have heard that the bills are sometimes FIVE TIMES higher for the uninsured.   Socialized medicine is not going to solve the problem of the actual care being expensive. Under socialized medicine, the number of physicians will decrease as they are limited by the government and told who to treat, where they must work. The demand for services will increase and the supply of quality doctors will decrease. Fewer college students will go into medicine because their major incentive will have been removed. Many are in it for the money.  Likely, we will still have the problem that the rich get served first because there will be graft and corruption within the government employees that handle who gets what. The rich will simply have to grease the right palms. The poor will still be last in line.  The only benefit that socialized medicine will bring to this nation will be to those who love big government. Can you imagine how many more government employees we could have with a fully socialized health system? Who is going to pay these people? (Don't answer that...I know already.)  If the government demands that no physicians practice privately, we may develope an illegal underground system where the best medical care is available on the black market only.  I would rather have the government subsidize health insurance (with our tax monies) for those who cannot afford it rather than control the systems that treat them.   Then there are those who can afford health insurance but choose not to purchase it. Do we force them to buy it?
What makes you think doctors are paid badly in a national healthcare system? GP salaries in the UK average GBP100 000, that's US$200 000, around 4 times the median income in this country. Medical training is hugely competitive, requiring higher grades than anything except Veterinary Science. Transplant surgery here is limited by a shortage of donors, not doctors or funding.I don't think I said they'd be paid badly.  ...and you say "this country" as if you're here in the USA. Are you in the UK or not?  I noticed you did not provide a link to your claim of doctors pay in the UK....so I looked it up. It is hard to conceive of an average being higher than any one of the samples and the highest paid in the UK appear to be 20 year veterans making GBP79,500 ..... updated 4/1/2008 (That's today and I doubt it's an April Fool joke.)   http://www.payscale.com/research/Uk/People_with_jobs_as_Physicians_%2f_Doctors/Salary  Do you have another source that justifies your exageration?emoticon_rolleyes   I do notice in the third bar chart down the page that UK Physicians IN PRIVATE PRACTICE make GBP100,000. It appears that the Government Doctors make a lot less (GBP42,500 for state and local...GBP54,000 for federal.)  Where is your back-up?
So, isly ilwott, how about for once since you started post, you give a viable alternative instead of needling people and complaining?   Why don't we have a competitive market for health insurance the same way we have for car and life insurance?
So, isly ilwott, how about for once since you started post, you give a viable alternative instead of needling people and complaining? So, obvious child, why don't you go play with the other children your age?    Why don't we have a competitive market for health insurance the same way we have for car and life insurance?We do have a competitive market for health insurance. That's why companies keep changing underwriters....somebody cheaper comes along with an offer.  This will cease in a government controlled system. The government will set all rates. The government will create one big insurance provider that may consist of several existing providers all charging the same regulated rates for coverage. The government will set rates for procedures, compensation for doctors and technicians, compensation for drug companies, compensation for test kits and all sorts of things related to medical care that are currently being driven by the free market, thereby making profits attainable to those in the business. Government control will wipe out the profits and destroy the incentive to perform. The medical industry will become a nightmare of forms, long lines, inefficient matriculation and a huge waste of taxpayer's money.  More importantly, the government will be choosing who gets treated and who does not...essentially choosing who dies.
So, obvious child, why don't you go play with the other children your age?  I do, it's called a bar. I'm not the only one annoyed with your 'behavior.'  We do have a competitive market for health insurance.  Not in the same way we do for car and life insurance. There doesn't exist anything similar to progressive's site which details each competitor, product and service.   That's why companies keep changing underwriters....somebody cheaper comes along with an offer.  But companies dictate who you can go with. Not individuals. Furthermore, the whole medical insurance agency is adding exponentially to the cost, rather then reducing the costs.   I'm not saying the government run is better, I actually believe it will be worse, but as you have stated, the current system is not acceptable, so how about you do what I asked you to do;  So, isly ilwott, how about for once since you started posting, you give a viable alternative instead of needling people and complaining?
It's a couple of years out of date now, but I don't think pay has gone down: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/health/6157219.stm  When I said "this country" I was referring to the UK, median earnings are arounf the 25k mark, apologies for any ambiguity.That's strange. Your source claims that the average first year income for a GP is over 100K (in 2005). Mine says it is more like 26K for first year doctors (in 2008). Has it gone down or are we comparing two types of doctors here? Or are we comparing two sources, one of which is incorrect?  Mine differentiates between government and private practice doctors. Are you touting socialized medicine based on the salaries of private practice doctors instead of government doctors? Do both private and government doctors participate in the national system?   What makes you think doctors are paid badly in a national healthcare system? GP salaries in the UK average GBP100 000, that's US$200 000, around 4 times the median income in this country. Medical training is hugely competitive, requiring higher grades than anything except Veterinary Science. Transplant surgery here is limited by a shortage of donors, not doctors or funding.
My aunt lives in Canada and she tells me the system is ok for "basic" health related problems. That means if you are going to need a transplant, etc it's just better to come to the states. I think socialized medical care might work for smaller countries, but for a country this size? I don't think it would be a viable solution. I think a tax incentive would be a better solution (like get insurance and we'll cut some of your taxes out) for the older folks and children I think medi-cal medicare is ok.
By PAUL KRUGMAN Published: April 11, 2008  Not long ago, a young Ohio woman named Trina Bachtel, who was having health problems while pregnant, tried to get help at a local clinic.  Unfortunately, she had previously sought care at the same clinic while uninsured and had a large unpaid balance. The clinic wouldn&#8217;t see her again unless she paid $100 per visit &#8212; which she didn&#8217;t have.  Eventually, she sought care at a hospital 30 miles away. By then, however, it was too late. Both she and the baby died.  You may think that this was an extreme case, but stories like this are common in America.  Back in 2006, The Wall Street Journal told another such story: that of a young woman named Monique White, who failed to get regular care for lupus because she lacked insurance. Then, one night, &#8220;as skin lesions spread over her body and her stomach swelled, she couldn&#8217;t sleep.&#8221;  The Journal&#8217;s report goes on: &#8220;Mama, please help me! Please take me to the E.R.,&#8221; she howled, according to her mother, Gail Deal. &#8220;O.K., let&#8217;s go,&#8221; Mrs. Deal recalls saying. &#8220;No, I can&#8217;t,&#8221; the daughter replied. &#8220;I don&#8217;t have insurance.&#8221;  She was rushed to the hospital the next day after suffering a seizure &#8212; and the hospital spared no expense on her treatment. But it all came too late; she was dead a few months later.  How can such things happen? &#8220;I mean, people have access to health care in America,&#8221; President Bush once declared. &#8220;After all, you just go to an emergency room.&#8221; Not quite.  First of all, visits to the emergency room are no substitute for regular care, which can identify and treat health problems before they get acute. And more than 40 percent of uninsured adults have no regular source of care.  Second, uninsured Americans often postpone medical care, even when they know they need it, because of expense.  Finally, while it&#8217;s true that hospitals will treat anyone who arrives in an emergency room with an acute problem &#8212; and it&#8217;s wonderful that they will &#8212; it&#8217;s also true that hospitals bill patients for emergency-room treatment. And fear of those bills often causes uninsured Americans to hesitate before seeking medical help, even in emergencies, as the Monique White story illustrates.  The end result is that the uninsured receive a lot less care than the insured. And sometimes this lack of care kills them. According to a recent estimate by the Urban Institute, the lack of health insurance leads to 27,000 preventable deaths in America each year.  But are they really preventable? Yes. Stories like those of Trina Bachtel and Monique White are common in America, but don&#8217;t happen in any other rich country &#8212; because every other advanced nation has some form of universal health insurance. We should, too.  All of which makes the media circus of a few days ago truly shameful.  Some readers may already have recognized the story of Trina Bachtel. While campaigning in Ohio, Hillary Clinton was told this story, and she took to repeating it, without naming the victim, on the campaign trail. She used it as an illustration of what&#8217;s wrong with American health care and why we need universal coverage.  Then The Washington Post identified Ms. Bachtel, the hospital where she died claimed that the story was false &#8212; and the news media went to town, accusing Mrs. Clinton of making stuff up. Instead of being a story about health care, it became a story about the candidate&#8217;s supposed problems with the truth.  In fact, Mrs. Clinton was accurately repeating the story as it was told to her &#8212; and it turns out that while some of the details were slightly off, the essentials of her story were correct. After all the fuss, The Washington Post eventually conceded that &#8220;Bachtel&#8217;s medical tragedy began with circumstances very close to the essence&#8221; of Mrs. Clinton&#8217;s account.  And even more important, Mrs. Clinton was making a valid point about the state of health care in this country. By PAUL KRUGMAN Published: April 11, 2008 Not long ago, a young Ohio woman named Trina Bachtel, who was having health problems while pregnant, tried to get help at a local clinic.  In other words, this was a disgraceful episode. It was particularly sad to see a number of Obama supporters (though not the Obama campaign itself) join enthusiastically in the catcalls against Mrs. Clinton&#8217;s good-faith effort to put a human face on the cruelty and injustice of the American health care system.  Look, I know that many progressives have their hearts set on seeing Barack Obama get the Democratic nomination. But politics is supposed to be about more than cheering your team and jeering the other side. It&#8217;s supposed to be about changing the country for the better.  And if being a progressive means anything, it means believing that we need universal health care, so that terrible stories like those of Monique White, Trina Bachtel and the thousands of other Americans who die each year from lack of insurance become a thing of the past.  http://www.nytimes.com/2008/04/11/opinion/11krugman.html?_r=6&ref=opinion&oref=slogin&oref=slogin&oref=slogin&oref=slogin&oref=logi&oref=login  ------------------Still apologizing for Hillary, huh?  She is a basically dishonest person. When will you see the light? How can you earnestly support a basically dishonest person for President?  Additionally, a government run program for healthcare will fail just about as miserably as any other government run program can fail...take education for example...overpriced, overrated, underproducing...basically FAILING. We are graduating numbnuts nowadays in the guise of fairness. We are dumbing down the nation in the name of fairness. We are falling behind other nations in the name of fairness.  I am quite sure that with Hillary's plan for healthcare we will be reducing the quality and availability of good healthcare for the sake of fairness.   Antonia, you need to realize that Hillary is not the answer to our problems. She is nothing more than a political figure that will tell lie after lie after lie just to get in office and maintain control over the common folk. That's all she wants. Her theatrical appeals to mercy are not designed to help the real victims. They are designed to garner votes...for Hillary.  Barrack's healthcare plan is no better than hers. Both of them will fail.
