Wasn't there a study that showed that 3 out of 5 teens who were involved in car accidents were high on marijuana? I'd think that it would get even worse with legalization...  Also, I read something about legalization costing the economy more than fighting the problem does now.
I believe it was a study by the big insurance companies... I can't remember where I saw it or even when. I'll look for it though.
Pot isn't a gateway drug in any meaningful sense  On what do you base this conclusion?
The most important part is personal freedom. What right does the government have in telling individuals what the can and cannot do with their bodies?  It is my personal freedom to hunt you and your family down and sew your eyelids closed. What right does the government have in telling me what I can and cannot do with my body? emoticon_rolleyes
Don't be silly epaphras. You would be doing something with my body, not yours. I'm talking about what people do to their own bodies of course.  Well, I thought you might say that. And you are right the analogy only goes so far. However, using marijuana can affect others. Here is some stuff I posted on another thread. It is aimed mostly at adolescents. One of the links points to the emotional problems people have. This will effect others. it will also like make these folks indigent and therefore supported by my taxes and therefore government (me) does have a right to say.  As for Marijuana's effects allow me to post a bit. Marijuana is definitely a gateway drug.  "Now comes a group of researchers with strong evidence that the gateway theory may have merit. Researchers from Australia and the United States conducted a study using sets of twins in Australia as a way to offset some of the disparate environmental and genetic factors that may affect a person's drug use. The study is published in the Jan. 22/29 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA). Michael T. Lynskey, Ph.D., of the Missouri Alcoholism Research Center and Department of Psychiatry, Washington University, St. Louis, and colleagues examined 311 pairs of same-sex twins. The researchers found that, relative to their co-twins who had not used marijuana by age 17, those who had used marijuana experienced elevated lifetime rates of other drug use, drug dependence and alcohol dependence. Users of marijuana before the age of 17 had a 2.3- to 3.9-fold increase in the odds of other drug use and a 1.6- to 6-fold increase in the odds of becoming alcohol-or drug-dependent as compared to their non-drug using twins. The study also tied early, regular use of alcohol and tobacco with late drug use. The authors concluded that marijuana had a "causal" role as a risk factor for other drug use. They assumed that twins, having been raised in the same household, would have environmental experiences that were highly concordant. Monozygotic twins, which constituted 136 of the 311 twin pairs, would have the same genetic factors." http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/449197  This comes from the Journal of the American Medical Association. The researcher used twins and study design to eliminate the claim that people are already predisposed to drug addiction and it is not the marijuana.  Second it has harmful effects.  1) Young people who have difficulty regulating emotions (and this cannot be predetermined who they are are much more likely to experience difficulties. http://www.apa.org/monitor/jun01/ma...FTOKEN=20846391  2) Men who smoke Marijuana have less seminal fluid, lower sperm count and abnormally behaving sperm, http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/450640  3)Withdrawal syndrom is very real in Marijuana use. August 2003 Canadian research. http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/459885  4) Long term MJ use leads to cognitive impairments. http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/439546  5)THC promotes Tumor growth. http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/411952  I can get much more. These are sources from respected medical journals and respected scientists using scientific methods.
all your sources are from "medscape" i think thats some bias  No, medscape is part of the medical profession. If there is a bias it is FOR HEALTH? Medscape provides links to articles. Some of them are canadian journals, some the AMA etc. Medscape is only a place that links them all.   There are other studies about medical marijuana but that would be non topical and I chose to not include them.   Find me a study that says that MJ is healthy or does nothing. And please make it from a reputable source. I would hate to see "my uncle John says..........."  Also please note that the first link came directly from the American Psychological Association.  My sources are reputable. Your argument is attacking a source which you haven't even looked at and therefore assumed bias and therefore no argument.
 You won't get an argument from me that drugs are bad for you. That's why I have never used them. Nor will you get an argument from me that drugs should not be legal for minors, just like nicotine and alcohol are. My argument is that once people become adults, it's their life, and the government should butt out with what they do with their life. How about making caffeine illegal, or fat people, or people that don't exercise, or people that drink, or nicotine? They all use my tax dollars when they get sick. Epaphras, where do you want to stop and why?  Interesting point concerning the government. I disagree with the idea that we legalize drugs and then tax it and provide treatment. The problem is that it does not limit government intervention as I consider taxes to be the worst of all interventions.  As to where to draw the line, where does government stop. I think I will actually need some more time on that. You provoke good thought on this issue. I am sure it has to do with the constitution but will reserve my comments until I have had some time. I will attempt to provide you with sources and evidence to back up my position. It will likely be after the weekend. Thanks
Well it's my turn to thank you. It takes a mature and secure personality to not become defensive and start with the name calling. I think I can wrestle in the mud and even enjoy the wit that comes from sarcasm as well as laugh at myself sometimes. But I have to admire someone that can have a debate by discussing the facts without resorting to a mud slinging contest.    I agree that taxes are government intervention. Unfortunately at this point in our history, mankind seems to require some type of social restricting organization and the only way we know of to support those institutions is through taxes. I don't agree with the way it is done but I don't think it's terrible since we have some control. I was just trying to say we could use the proceeds from this addiction to treat the addiction.    I believe I am open to logical persuasion and I look forward to revising or solidifying my opinion on the subject depending on your response.  BTW what does you name mean and where did it come from?  Hank: I appreciate the kind thoughts. I am not always as kind. However, I think my aregument is that the government has a responsibility to the welfare of its citizens. This is in the preambel to the consittution.   You and I both know that if congress passed and the president signed a bill legalizing harmful drugs that there would be a lawsuit from hell filed by at least one individual (and actually likely a class action suit) that says that the government knew it was harmful and legalized it anyway and that the government has a responsibility to prevent such things.   This would likely hold up as personal responsibility has gone by the wayside in this country. Look to the tobacco suits for instance. The tobacco companies knew it was harful and had the pants sued off of them. I beleive there are court cases pending against the government but I will need to check "Findlaw" to get you data. I will be back later.   I am enjoying this debate. I am losing interest in many others because it seems we go over the same things again and again.  Thanks and back with more later.
Hank:  It also says insure domestic tranquility. Legalizing Pot is not likely to do this. See my post on all the harmful effects, several of which certainly disturb the domestic tranquility.  I agree that it is walking a fine line. Although, the government hasn't just wholesale legalized all drugs without prescriptions. Where do we stop in that direction?  There is distinct precedent for not allowing the citizenry of ones country to harm themselves, hence the reason suicide is illegal. There are reasons why chemicals, drugs, etc are considered illegal.   There are many things that are illegal for the protection of the inividual. We don't allow people access to heroine. (methadone perhaps, but lets not go there). We don't allow people to possess Mercury in their homes, it would kill them. We don't allow many many things to be possesed by the average individual due to what they do to that individual.  Unfortunately we have precedent in the other direction as well. Where do we draw the line? That really is the question. You favor drawing the line at Pot. Why pot and not other things? I work in mental Health. A recent study within the last week out of Canada shows a direct link to long term pot smoking and sever panic disorder.
You call what is happening in the drug wars domestic tranquility? Why did we abandon prohibition?     Prescription drugs have a legitimate purpose. They allow the controlled distribution of drugs for those people that need, and desire medical help. But we are talking about self-destructive, addictive behaviors where the government steps in and tries to control uncontrollable behaviors.     Since when does a precedent mean something is right? There was a precedent for slavery before it was deemed wrong. Of course there are reasons. But are there good reasons. Have you ever thought about the fact that the last thing drug dealers want is for drugs to be de-criminalized? That puts you on the side of the drug dealers.  BTW is the death penalty the punishment for suicide? LOL. Sorry couldn't help myself.    I didn't know it was illegal to possess mercury. On the other hand, I didn't know there was this vast network of mercury dealers that were selling mercury to people that were addicted to owning mercury. :)    Don't know where you got the idea that I wanted to draw the line at pot.  I will say again, you don't have to convince me that pot or other drugs are not good for you and can even kill you. Just tell me one thing. Are you in favor of making alcohol, nicotine, and caffeine illegal? If not, then explain to me why it is legal to sell those addictive drugs and not other addictive drugs.  Hank: Prescription drugs are abused. They are perhaps the largest categories of abused drugs. Drugs like Percoset and Xanax are highly abusable. We control those so as to protect people from harming themselves.  The punishment for suicide attempt is forced treatment. This is true. I personally have had to fill out the affidavit to court order someone for treatment.  Mercury, no not addictive, but people do like to play with it. If even the smallest amount is spilled it requires a HAZMAT crew to clean it up. The point is to protect people.  Nicotine, yes, I think it is the most addictive drug on the planet and I do think it should be done away with. (a seemingly extreme position I know), Alcohol: not sure on this one. Caffien, definitely not as it does not have the harmful effects and the withdrawl symptoms are a headache and no more.
Yes they are. But notice I was careful to say it was for those people that need and DESIRE medical help. Your point just goes to show that for those that are addicted to drugs, no amount of punishment is going to help. You think that by placing punishments on people that are addicted to drugs, that will suddenly remove their addiction. Or you think that people are suddenly going to stop trying drugs. You want to protect people from harming themselves? Good luck. But our attempt at doing that is a dismal failure. In the meantime as I have said, innocent people are being framed, police and judges are being corrupted, and our penal system is being overrun with minor drug offenses while we have to let more serious crimes go lightly punished.    I said punishment for suicide, not attempted suicide. I was of course being sarcastic by pointing out the futility of treating suicide as a crime. I don't have any statistic, but I would think that forced treatment is seldom used. I know several people that have attempted suicide and they were never forced to take treatment. At least it is treated as a disease and people are not thrown in jail like for drug use.    No problem with protecting people from my prospective. But protecting people from themselves is the most foolish thing the government can attempt.     I think I'm beginning to see where you are coming from. It appears to me that you are intent on making sure your belief that people should not harm themselves is enforced by the government. And that individual freedoms and responsibility are subjugated to that government, regardless of the financial cost, or the cost to law enforcement, or the cost to innocent people caught up in that system. We tried it once with prohibition and that was a dismal failure. Now we are trying it with drugs and it is a dismal failure. You want to extend it to nicotine and maybe return to prohibition also. I won't speculate on where you would stand on junk food or staying out in the sun too long, or watching too much TV, or any of the other activities we practice that can harm us. All I will say is that I'm thankful you were not one of the founding fathers.  I'm not sure this discussing is progressing in the way of espousing any new ideas. I think we have pretty much covered both sides and neither of our beliefs are being affected. I may or may not respond if you do but it has been interesting. If not, you keep up the good work fighting to restrict individual freedoms and I'll keep up the good work fighting to expand individual freedoms. LOL  Hank: I must say this has been one of the more pleasant debates I have had. I did catch your irony on suicide. Forced treatment is actually fairly common by the way. At least for me. I work in the mental health field. I know how many are ocurt ordered for treatment. I would say at least 10% of the mental health population in my state.   You are quite right there are no new arguments being posited at this point. FYI, I am all for people having feedoms. I am not trying to restrict anyones freedom. I simply like the status quo. I am not going anywhere. You are trying to expand freedoms though.   Even though I think nicotine should be done away with, I am not so certain I would vote for a law to do that or a representative that would vote for a law to do that.  I do have a strong belief in personal freedoms and little government intervention. I was simply arguing a point that I did not think you represented logically at the time. You have made it much more clear.
I agree epaphras. And thanks again for the debate without the mudslinging. If I sometimes sounded somewhat disparaging it was probably because I was coming off a debate with someone else where the conversation was not quite so cordial and I apologize. Anyway I look forward to proving you wrong in other areas here on the forum. LOL Just kidding of course.   Proof.......................what is....................proof? LOL
I support legalization of every drug. I'm sure most of you are young and have been fed XXXX like "Marijuana will kill you." Actually it does less damage to the brain then alcohol and it cannot kill you. It is impossible. It takes 20,000 joints in one sitting to overdose on marijuana. Alcohol however kills thousands of americans each year from alcohol poisoning. You know that idiot pothead. He didn't get dumb from pot, he got dumb from birth. Marijuana does not have long term effects on IQ. The only side effect is the lazy side effect. The day after a person tends to be more lazy however it is like a hang over..... it only lasts for a day. There is no reason why it should remain illegal. I also support all drugs being legalized because the drug war has failed. We spend billions each year on the drug war and I can call someone right now and pick up some crack. It is a failure. What we should do is make it government controlled and then spend the money to fight drugs on drug education. Flood the schools with ACTUAL info about how herion kills and how it breaks a person down. Tell the kids how you can die from one use of coke. Tell them the short term and long term effects of each drug. If we can educate our kids and even adults through an ad campaign about what drugs do to you then we could save far more people. Also allowing drugs to be regulated will lower the prices and effectively kill drug dealers and gangs off the streets. There are so many benefits to legalizing drugs. Anyone want to fight it? I have proof to back up what I say and also have the effects of each drug.Recent studies apparently show that pot is more harmful than you say. One joint is said to contain more carcinogens than four tobacco cigarettes.  I doubt your 20,000 joints theory.  You have a simplistic argument going for pot. I can't agree that legalizing all drugs would be a good thing either. Programs in Holland have failed to produce significant if any benefits to society in general. The druggies seem to have benefitted by having arrest-free drug zones and access to whatever they want, but the cost of drugs still requires some income, something that most of them likely do not have other than from crime, begging or social programs.  One "benefit" I see from legalizing drugs is that the users could be more easily identified.
I support legalization of every drug. I'm sure most of you are young and have been fed XXXX like "Marijuana will kill you." Actually it does less damage to the brain then alcohol and it cannot kill you. It is impossible. It takes 20,000 joints in one sitting to overdose on marijuana. Alcohol however kills thousands of americans each year from alcohol poisoning. You know that idiot pothead. He didn't get dumb from pot, he got dumb from birth. Marijuana does not have long term effects on IQ. The only side effect is the lazy side effect. The day after a person tends to be more lazy however it is like a hang over..... it only lasts for a day. There is no reason why it should remain illegal. I also support all drugs being legalized because the drug war has failed. We spend billions each year on the drug war and I can call someone right now and pick up some crack. It is a failure. What we should do is make it government controlled and then spend the money to fight drugs on drug education. Flood the schools with ACTUAL info about how herion kills and how it breaks a person down. Tell the kids how you can die from one use of coke. Tell them the short term and long term effects of each drug. If we can educate our kids and even adults through an ad campaign about what drugs do to you then we could save far more people. Also allowing drugs to be regulated will lower the prices and effectively kill drug dealers and gangs off the streets. There are so many benefits to legalizing drugs. Anyone want to fight it? I have proof to back up what I say and also have the effects of each drug.   You're an idiot who has obviously never worked ina first responder category. If you think that increasing the volume and social acceptance of drug use to the same level of alcohol will 'solve' anything, then you are just an idiot. You have obviously never seen whart drug abuse does to families and people's lives. You're right, alcohol is worse, and the main reason its worse is because of 2 reasons, volume and availability ala social acceptance. Legalizing all drugs would have catastrophic social impacts.  Don't feed me that line about taxing it and using the money for rehab. We have taxed the XXXX out of tobacco and alcohol the last 100 years and the last time I checked alcoholism and lung cancer hadn't been erradicated.
Let's legalize craziness!
Is that your best answer Jim? No.            emoticon_xhoho
Wez it doesn't matter whether they are legal or not. You can still get them. If keeping them illegal has worked at all I would say go for it, but it hasn't. If I want a drug I can get a drug in about an hour. The same goes for any of you.  I can get enough alcohol to get 100 people stumbling drunk in 3 minutes from where I sit. That is what I mean by volume. Nothing is served by increasing any type of abused substance to that level.  In regards to the illegality of drugs, I am no champion of moral superioroty through the law. It is just a fact that anyone who thinks you make anything better by legilization has not got clue one about reality on the streets of this nation.   People don't steal and commit crime to support their drug habits. They do it because they have one.
First of all, the government cannot increase the volume and social acceptance of a drug - only the market and society can do that. Government cannot even decrease the volume or social acceptance of drugs - despite the government's efforts, drug use has remained relatively constant. What hasn't remained constant is violent crime, which has gone up during the drug war as it did during alcohol prohibition.  Wrong, the muder rate has been cut substantially since the 1980s. There has been a steady decline in the US for violent crime over the last 25 years.  http://www.fbi.gov/filelink.html?file=/ucr/cius_01/xl/01tbl01.xls  Some facts for those interested in what a failure law enforcement has been. Direct numbers. Showing that both numbers and per capita rates have declined steadily for the last 10 to 15 years. Hardly an indication of anything being a failure or not working frankly.
Of course, haven't you ever been robbed by a smoker? Gangs of nicotine junkies regularly roam the streets, stealing from old ladies, where I live.  And remember Winona Ryder being caught for shoplifting? She had a bag full of benzodiazepenes.
I support legalization of every drug. I'm sure most of you are young and have been fed XXXX like "Marijuana will kill you." Actually it does less damage to the brain then alcohol and it cannot kill you. It is impossible. It takes 20,000 joints in one sitting to overdose on marijuana. Alcohol however kills thousands of americans each year from alcohol poisoning. You know that idiot pothead. He didn't get dumb from pot, he got dumb from birth. Marijuana does not have long term effects on IQ. The only side effect is the lazy side effect. The day after a person tends to be more lazy however it is like a hang over..... it only lasts for a day. There is no reason why it should remain illegal. I also support all drugs being legalized because the drug war has failed. We spend billions each year on the drug war and I can call someone right now and pick up some crack. It is a failure. What we should do is make it government controlled and then spend the money to fight drugs on drug education. Flood the schools with ACTUAL info about how herion kills and how it breaks a person down. Tell the kids how you can die from one use of coke. Tell them the short term and long term effects of each drug. If we can educate our kids and even adults through an ad campaign about what drugs do to you then we could save far more people. Also allowing drugs to be regulated will lower the prices and effectively kill drug dealers and gangs off the streets. There are so many benefits to legalizing drugs. Anyone want to fight it? I have proof to back up what I say and also have the effects of each drug. I disagree as all drugs being legalized would surely be a danger to society. As for weed, I think it should only be legalized if every other country (or most) does it. Why? Well, have you ever been to amsterdam? It sucks. I would hate to be like that.  As for marijuana being bad for you..you sound like my friend who is a pot head. Let me be the first to say (since I know way to many weed addicts...side effect of liking DMB I guess) marijuana does do more damage then one might think. It WILL make you an idiot if you are a chronic user. I have seen a guy smoke up since 13 and it takes me 4 tries for him to actually understand a simple sentence I tell him. Then a marijuana addict will rationalize his/her behavior by saying things like "well atleast I don't do herion"...thats like a theft saying "atleast I don't steal at gunpoint"...i mean you are still stealing. As a side not, rationalization is a sign of addiction. I have worked with a few weed addicts too. I am glad companies drug test becuase of this. These fools look stoned 24/7 after awhile and are the worst employees on earth. Then you got the benefits of being a weed addict like all you can do is have weed addict friends because you don't have time for anything else. The marijuana addict will work, buy weed, smoke it, work to buy more. AND THEN, you get to the marijuana addict that decides to try crack because all drug addicts hang together and so someone will try to get you to try new stuff. Now you do crack...then herion...then you are dead. Good job stupid junky.   You would be a fool to think marijuana isn't harmful. You would be a fool to think alcohol isn't either. Although 1 beer a day is much better then a joint.
Of course, haven't you ever been robbed by a smoker? Gangs of nicotine junkies regularly roam the streets, stealing from old ladies, where I live.  And remember Winona Ryder being caught for shoplifting? She had a bag full of benzodiazepenes.  The stealing and crime normally comes with affordability problems. Now that you mention it though...at my first job we got robbed at gunpoint for 2 cases of cigarettes.
without editing..I will say if you STOP using marijuana then any brain damage is normally reversed. The health dangers are that of smoking cigs to ones self....however, the other side effects are not great :-/
Come on, it won't make you an idiot. It will make you a lazy, forgetful slob if you let it. Nobody's saying that marijuana is health food, they're just saying as a drug it's no worse than certain currently legal drugs. No one is saying alcohol is either...I would say both are not smart to use often...however, one beer is still better then smoking a bowl.  He was probably an idiot to begin with then. Actually he wasnt or I wouldn't have used that example.  But no regular pot smoker sits around justifying why they do it, they just do it cuz they like it, nothing too complicated about it. I honestly have never not heard a pot smoker not rationalize his/her habit.  We're all addicted to something.  I had a tough time recently giving up coffee. It was interfering with my life.  lol, and you prove my point...rationalization for the win :)  Maybe they just drink too much coffee. And you probably work with more "reefer heads" than you think.  Well, I don't work with any "reefer heads" or pot smokers now...this was awhile back.  Now this is a totally inaccurate generalization. I don't think you actually realize the sheer numbers of people who smoke pot in this country, and I'm talking on a regular basis.  I am certainly one of them. I have friends that do it and friends that don't. We all lead your typical normal life.I got a good idea. however, they do tend to stay with their own.  Yeah, see this is the old "gateway drug" fallacy. If anything is a gateway drug, it's alcohol, so why is it still legal? If a drug can act as a "gateway" to other drugs, isn't that why it's illegal? Nah, it is a gateway in the fact that herion addicts and crack addicts are in the same room and are the same friends of yours that supply the marijuana. Would legalization help this? I dunno, but probably cause many other problems without everyone legalizing it.  Anyway, you're going way overboard with what marijuana does to people. Rationalizing again :) It is  It's truly less harmful than alcohol.[/QUOTE] Rationalizing again :) It is still worse then alcohol with one beer or even 2 beers a day (which is pretty much average for a person of non-college age). You have a guy drink a beer a day and a guy smoke up a day and see the difference in 50yrs...you will know which one is the weed addict.   I've lost 2 friends to weed and my gf has actually had a friend get his head blown off so you probably won't convince me it is a good drug....however, like alcohol, it is impossible to convince someone addicted about how their addiction hurts them.
Got evidence to back that up??  I'm not sure how a stoner's worse than an alcoholic really.  -Wez  Still dumb to compare the two. Both are no good. Theft is better then murder...however a theif bragging because he didn't murder is a fool..Chris Rock actually did a funny skit on this.  Stoner is not good, alcoholic is not good, herion addict is not good. You ask if I have evidence...yes, my own two eyes. Don't believe me then so be it, but there are many articles that say the effects of marijuana...at the very least it is like smoking. I stress very least.
So why did you say pot was worse than alcohol? Just because both are apparently bad, doesn't make one 'worse'. I'll point out that you compared the two first, so saying it's dumb to compare the two's shooting yourself in the foot. I am sorry if I were not clear....I said that 1 beer is better then 1 joint i believe. I said it would be bad to compare a stoner to an alcoholic as to which one is better.  Link me to one saying weed 'addiction' is worse than alcoholism please.  Didn't I just say it is dumb to compare the two?  ...and 8 beers are imo worse than one joint. People tend not to smoke as many 'doses' of pot as they drink 'doses' of alcohol.  This obviously depends on the person. Both are not good...once again, a comparision is not gonna work. Whether you are an alcoholic or a weed-a-holic(not a real word) you will still mess up your health (which is a good reason we shouldn't have public health care).  By your own admission you haven't 'hung out' with stoners for a while and you're making generalisations about them to people who do spend a lot of time with stoners?  I mean't this in a more general sense then you took it because obviously a pot head is not going to spend 100% of his time with other pot heads. However, I must say that all my pot head friends spend an abornomal amount of time getting (or trying to get) high which sure is a pain in the a** if you wanna do something else...this is more of a problem with the friends of the pot head that don't smoke more then anything. I just think a coming together for drugs is probably not a healthy friend relationship as it depends on a drug.  Heh? That's news to me. Most potheads I know smoke in parks, while heroin/cocaine addicts don't use their drugs in public for somewhat obvious reasons. Try going to a concert, party, club, and see if the guy selling weed is on the opposite end of the guy selling coke....doubtful (unless it is second hand) as weed has no real value compared to coke and what not. The whole leads to something for a better high is pretty dependable..many crack heads will tell you that they wanted a better high but that doesn't mean every pot head will go to crack. HBO had a good special about this some time back.  Prove it then. If this is a fact, there will be research on the subject on the net somewhere comparing the effects of the two.  In terms of addiction, alcohol is far worse than pot apparently.  I don't recall talking about addiction..I believe I was talking about 1-2 beers as opposed to a bowl or somthing. If one drinks in moderation then they will be fine...there is not "moderation" for pot (unless you say a couple hits a week for a few years). http://www.valdosta.edu/aode/alcoholfacts.htm   Finally, why do you compare it to alcohol anyway? Are you trying to say we should ban alcohol? Guess what, eating McDonalds every meal every day is probably worse then drinking alcohol...should we ban that or legalize everything? Well no. At some point (in a country) you gotta realize that this drug is no good to society. I still stand by my orginial statement that it would probably be ok to legalize if every other country did it.
Fair enough. However people don't have 1 beer. They tend to have more than one, sometimes 7+ (in England at least, where binge drinking seems to be more prominent than in other countries). On the other hand, people tend to not smoke more than 1 joint per 'session'. As such although 1 beer isn't as bad for you health as 1 joint (I think...), the amount of beers drunk per joint smoked is much higher. I understand this. It is hard to compare with 1beer 1 joint as not all people have 1 beer and no one has one joint (it is normally passed and what not). Maybe a "responsible" beer drinker and a "responsible" pot smoker would be a better comparing tool? In that case I would say the same result would apply...but would probably come out as a little worse then a smoking to alcohol comparison.  So you do still hang around with potheads. :/ If I have to. A lot of my high school/college friends went down that way and lots of times if we have a large number of people hanging around then the pot smokers will go off and come back a few hours later. I could give some examples to clear that up if you like.  Everyone at the event will be exposed to the guy selling cocaine then, not just the people buying pot Yeah, but someone that doesn't want drugs won't be.  "A couple of hits a week for a few years" seem about right to me. I'd call that "moderate" pot use .Considering the % of the population that's used pot and the % of the population that use their lives only to smoke pot, I guess most people do use pot in moderation I would say this is true. Most people try pot a few times maybe during college and then stop when they go into the real world. Legalizing would probably cause that trend to end.  No: legalise pot. Obviously if you're smoking £50 of pot a day, then it's going to be worse than a couple of beers a day. However I doubt most people who use pot, use anywhere near that amount a day. Considering the % of the population that's tried pot, and the % that has tried heroin, pot use seems to rarely lead ot heroin addiction. Heroin has a huge stigma attached to it, crack and cocaine a lesser one. Were pot use to inevitably lead to heroin addiction, I wouldn't want pot legalised, but clearly pot use rarely leads to heroin addiction, so I'm all for legalising it. And you are right, it rarely does lead to herion or crack addiction, however, that is not my reason for keeping it illegal...I was just talking about why it is not exactly good for you. The reason to keep it illegal would be to not be like amsterdam. If every country did it then you wouldn't have a flood of people coming to the US to smoke up and make our country cr*p.  Maybe, but nor is alcohol, or smoking. Those aren't banned however, and until there's some unrefutable proof of pot being worse than smoking or alcohol, wasting money trying to keep it illegal seems pointless to me.  Smoking is not bad for society anymore (in the US) as it only causes harm to the one that does it. Alcohol is kind of like pot in the way that you would have to legalize it or make it illegal...you would have to make it across the world for either one. Prohibition in the US caused higher organized crime because no other country had it...however, with weed, you can have the same thing...if we were the only ones to have it illegal (and once had it legal) then we would have the same situation. One other note, prohibition actually did work (in the sense of what it wanted to do) for those that know history...it just ended up causing other problems that were worse.
I'm about as far right as you can get politically. So far right that I don't believe that the government has any grounds for regulating substances that we want to ingest, smoke, snort or inject. Where I differ from those on the Left is I don't feel compelled to help the druggies who get themselves in over their heads. To me, if you jump in a lake with weights around your ankles, don't expect me to jump in after you. Want to spend your life stoned, fine. Just don't expect me to pay your medical bills when you get sick. "Die ****er!" As Scrooge once quipped "better to die and decrease the surplus population." :) Idealy this MIGHT not be a bad solution...however, the risks to everyone else and the pain it would cause the rest of society would probably be greater.
I won't comment on the "minor" points if that's ok, and just cut straight to it. 100% fine with me :)  Why? That seems like a false-assumption to me. Without a doubt an assumption, but when predicting what might happen you are always assuming.  Can you prove that Amsterdam is going down the toilet because of legalising pot? I can't quite see it happening. Did pot use even greatly increase once pot was legalised? have you ever been to Amsterdam? If you haven't then go and you will understand.  Pot is helping organised crime at the moment, as well as draining money from the government in trying to combat it. Legalising it would give the government money from taxes, save money from no longer trying to prohibit it and the overall use, if prohibition is anything to go by, wouldn't increase greatly.  Not organized crime in the US :)
This is just a website about the governments assement on Marijuana. Doesn't really back any one of our positions but good to look at  http://www.usdoj.gov/ndic/pubs/647/marijuan.htm
Last I checked, drug prohibition began much earlier than the 1980s. The '80s fall in violent crime is more likely a result of the legalization of abortion than it is a result of the "success of the war on drugs."  Demographics plays a role, but it does not explain away the whole shift in the numbers.
So if a person becomes addicted to a drug, then they'll begin to steal and commit crimes?  I am of course speaking about hard drugs. What I mean is that if someone could function dependably and productively they could probably afford a drug habit as a simple budgeted item. The trouble is that your average tweeker and smackhead isn't normally a model of dependability and in the case of tweekers have very bad judgement. The drugs don't make them steal, the drugs make them so useless and undependable that theft is their own viable option for getting cash. Set your own hours and all that.....
Given that the title is leagalzing all drugs I'm not sure a comment on just marijuana is appropriate, but what the heck. I hear a lot of arguments about 'its not as bad' as this or that. Telling me that it isn't as bad, is hardly a good reason for leglization. What's in it for me? The guy that doesn't use it and agrees that our two major forms of legal substance abuse vice cause plenty of social decay. Spare me the tax it and use that money for re-hab and what not, because there is free rehab as far as the eye can see for tobacco and alcohol. I see no good reason for legilization, and honestly, it isn't all that illegal in major cities. It's a ticket and probably a drug class/fine in the metro area I live. Hardly the chain gang.
Is it only me who has noticed this - the reason people do drugs is more complicated than whether it is legal or illegal. There could be other reasons such as peer pressure, personal problems , troubled family history, etc etc... I mean drugs are available regardless of whether they are legal or illegal, if people want to do drugs ,they will, the illegality of it will not stop them.   In some countries, pot is legal but not all the inhabitants of that country will smoke pot. Why do some people do drugs and others don't even when it is legal ? There has to be other reasons for doing drugs other than the illegality or legality of it.  It isn't a question of legality that I raise, it is one of pure volume. Alcohol does far more damage because there is far more of it. A great many of the problems you list haev their roots in substance abuse. Hardly a strong argument for increasing the volume of substances that can be abused.
Even if the volume increases, people who are not into drugs are not going to do it.  Yeah, but once it is legalised, you start breaking down the stigma attatched to using it, which means more people will use it. A lot of people are against drugs now, because they are illegal. Make it legal, and in a few generations people may be just as likely to come home and do a few lines of coke as they are to have a few beers.  Now, I'm all for letting people screw themselves up if they want to. But the peripheral to this is huge. The drain on the medical system, the peripheral crime to support the habit, and so on. Making it legal will expand these problems, IMHO.
So you think legalising drugs will increase the volume of substances ? What are you basing this on.  Well, I live in Canada and pot was recently legalised (up to certain grams). There was a lot of pot when it was illegal and there is a lot of pot now that it has been legalised. There was a spike in usage right soon after it was legalised but now it seems to have settled itself out and basically the same number of people who smoked pot when it was illegal smoke pot now that it is legal.  Even if the volume increases, people who are not into drugs are not going to do it.  I can't believe you even pose this question. What a laugh. Yes, I am absolutely one hundred percent certain that were it legal the combined agricultural capability of Canada and the US could increase the ammount and quality of marijuana available 1000 fold easily.
Yeah, but once it is legalised, you start breaking down the stigma attatched to using it, which means more people will use it. A lot of people are against drugs now, because they are illegal. Make it legal, and in a few generations people may be just as likely to come home and do a few lines of coke as they are to have a few beers.  Now, I'm all for letting people screw themselves up if they want to. But the peripheral to this is huge. The drain on the medical system, the peripheral crime to support the habit, and so on. Making it legal will expand these problems, IMHO.  Absolutely, and it is that very periphreal effect that most people who dont deal with it on a day to day basis are clueless about.
Actually, the crime to support the habit will drastically decline if it were legalized. Currently, the price of drugs is hugely inflated because of prohibition, and removing prohibition will cause a tremendous fall in the price of drugs. That means users will need less money to support their habits, which means they will not need to steal nearly as much.  That`s far from certain though since a drop in price would certainly increase consumption of the drug. The effect a drop in prices would have on the actual amount of money being used to purchase the drug cannot be theoreticly determined.   So, you could just as well end up with higher individual consumption for user, more habitual and recreational users, more crime and petty theft and sky-rocketing costs for society in terms of law enforcement, health care, production- and productivity losses, and not to mention the personal tragedies.  While this is not the only possible outcome, why on earth take the risk? Isn`t it enough to have legalised one of the most lethal drugs, alcohol? Do you really need another?
Most companies have drug and alcohol policies and employ random drug testing. I'm sure that's a pretty darn good deterrent for the potential causual drug user.   Personally, I'd rather be on the road at 2AM with a pot smoker than a drinker. Wouldn't you?  No, they both have impaired judgement and neither has any business behind the wheel.
Actually, the crime to support the habit will drastically decline if it were legalized. Currently, the price of drugs is hugely inflated because of prohibition, and removing prohibition will cause a tremendous fall in the price of drugs. That means users will need less money to support their habits, which means they will not need to steal nearly as much.  I don't think you quite understand why they steal in the first place. They steal because you average meth freak or heroin junkie is so completely screwed up by their given vice that they are incapable of functioning on a dependable schedule.   Drugs are not that exspensive. Someone with a mediocre job could budget the exspense. Most meth users make their own. A heroin freak could get by on about 200 to 300 a month for their dope no problem, which is easily afforded if someone makes even just an ok living.   They steal becaue they have no other options, making the drug legal won't make them productive or dependable, so if you haven't got a jopb anyway, whether the cost is $5 a day or $25 it is irrelvant.  In addition there is a huge ammount of crime that occurs related to drug use that has zero to do with the illegality of the drug and everything to do with the fact someone takes it in the first place.  I read one survey that 90% of the prison population in the US has a substance abuse problem. 90% of the inamtes are not there for drug possession charges. Once you end up hooked and have no way to support yourself a person starts a long slide down a very bad slope. For a lot of drugs, particulary the hard ones, there are no good treatment options.
Most companies have drug and alcohol policies and employ random drug testing. I'm sure that's a pretty darn good deterrent for the potential causual drug user.  I don`t think I understand your point. Are you trying to claim that random drug testing polycies will prevent an increase in consumption caused by lower prices? Why on earth would it?   Personally, I'd rather be on the road at 2AM with a pot smoker than a drinker. Wouldn't you?  What does this has to do with anything? Do you think alcohol is a perfect substitute for other drugs?
If you've ever seen a drunk and a pot smoker perform similar tasks that require dexterity, you'd see that there's a big difference between the two.  I've arrested both and pulled injured people out of wrecks involving both, have you ever seen that? That's the only 'dexterity' test I'm interested in. I said impaired judgement, they both have it, and it doesn't belong behind the wheel of a car.
Yes, but one is clearly worse than another.  A cut is a wound. Losing your leg is a wound. There's a difference though.  A pot-smoker isn't meant to be behind the wheel. A drunkard isn't meant to be behind the wheel. There's a difference though.  -Wez  Telling me a pothead isn't quite as dangerous as a drunk is still a far short of a reason to leaglize the drug. I think everyone is still missing the point of the topic.   I'll tell you right now, an alcoholic with a BAC of .08 is DUI, but they are also probably a far superior driver to a college kid who has been sucking on a bong all night at a party. So this tangent is still not a convincing argument for someone who doesn't use to support legalization.
And did they administer sobriety checks to all of them? Many pot smokers also drink at the same time. I've seen a pothead juggle 7 balls at once. I've NEVER seen a drunk do that.  Yeah, and I`ve sat in a car driven by someone about to pass out due to her drunken state (she eventually did) without being injured or going "off-road". I`ve also sat in a car with a friend doped up on ganja who almost hit a pedestrian due to his impaired ability to react.  I`m not saying that it`s more dangerous to be behind the wheel when you are doped up, but it`s all situational. Both are just as stupid. Just as killing someone with a spoon or a knife is just as evil (even if one probably  hurts more)
And did they administer sobriety checks to all of them? Many pot smokers also drink at the same time. I've seen a pothead juggle 7 balls at once. I've NEVER seen a drunk do that.  I am not going to bandy this anymore. A pot head has their judement impaired. Their decision making is altered. That is not a good thing when operating a motor vehicle at speeds. The manual dexterity aside, sobriety tests are designed to test divided judgement and decison making as well. Somone stoned does not belong behind the wheel. Someone with an IV or morphine in them is probably more dangerous than a drunk or pot head, none of them belong behind the wheel. This is a silly discussion that provides zero incentive for supporting legalizing anything.
Silly as you may think it marijuana has little effect on motor skills unlike alcohol. It may affect concentration but so does a cell phone, being angry or otherwise upset emotionally and many other things. You wish to make them equivalent which just shows you don't know what you're talking about. Not trying to bash but "impaired judgement" is nebulous. Love impares your judgement and yet we let those in love drive.  Marijuana has an effect on reaction time and judgement. It is a chemical induced effect which someone enters through intentional ingestion of a substance. It is illegal to operate motor vehicles with these substances in your system. This whole discussion is stupid and no one is providing any rational for legilization. I say again, telling me something isn't as bad as something but is still bad is no argument for legalizing it.
Just because something can be used irresponsibly is no reason for it to be illegal.  Please post data on the effect on reaction time caused by THC.  You still aren't getting it. I am not the one that has to prove anything. It is illegal. The pro-legilization crowd has to provide a reason to the average non-using joe to legalize it.   How does marijuana affect driving?  Marijuana affects many skills required for safe driving: alertness, the ability to concentrate, coordination, and reaction time. These effects can last up to 24 hours after smoking marijuana. Marijuana use can make it difficult to judge distances and react to signals and sounds on the road.  http://www.medicinenet.com/script/main/art.asp?articlekey=38100   What are some of the immediate effects of smoking marijuana? Some immediate physical effects of marijuana include a faster heartbeat and pulse rate, bloodshot eyes, and a dry mouth and throat. No scientific evidence indicates that marijuana improves hearing, eyesight, and skin sensitivity. Studies of marijuana's mental effects show that the drug can impair or reduce short-term memory, alter sense of time, and reduce ability to do things which require concentration, swift reactions, and coordination, such as driving a car or operating machinery.  http://www.well.com/user/woa/fspot.htm   Marijuana, even in low to moderate doses, negatively affects driving performance in real situations. While previous research on alcohol effects alone show that alcohol at BACs around .10 is far more impairing than low or moderate THC doses alone, marijuana does impair driving performance. Drivers would be less than normally able to avoid collisions if confronted with the sudden need for evasive action. The effect of combining moderate doses of alcohol and moderate doses of marijuana resulted in a dramatic performance decrement and levels of impairment, as great as observed when at 0.14 BAC alone.  http://www.nhtsa.dot.gov/people/outreach/traftech/pub/tt201.html  Can we please stop with the non-sense now?
No question that both are stupid things to do. My point was that if you use impaired driving ability as a reason for not legalizing drugs, then you're being disengenuous in not pushing for criminalizing the use of alcohol since it is involved in far more accidents than marijuana. IMO, the impaired driving arguemnt for keeping marijuana illegal is hypocritical because alcohol is far more likely to cause accidents and it's still legal.  Just because alcoho, is dangerous does not make marijuana any less dangerous. If I had thought it possible* to make alcohol illegal in my country, I would be all for it. It`s a terrible drug responsible for many deaths, tragedies and heavy costs upon the society and the average tax payer.  None of this makes it any more sensible to make marijuana legal (or any other drug for that matter). Every drug (and poision, weapon or any other "dangerous" drugs that has potential external costs for society) has to be evaluated wether they should be legal or not on its own.   Any discussion about the harm of alcohol in a discussion of marijuana is just a red herring (unless you explicitly try to establish a benchmark)  * as in cost-efficient
I agree, however, the discussion was that marijuana should be illegal because it impairs driving. It is fair to compare the effect of alcohol to marijuana if the assertion made is that both impair driving but only ONE is illegal. The argument fails, logically, since the negative effects of alcohol far exceed those of marijuana. Therefore, some other criteria needs to be used in order to legitimately ban one and not the other, IMO.   This would only apply if the legal status of marijuana was squarely based on it`s implication for motor traffic. But as it is, it is certainly one reason why it should be illegal. The fact that alcohol also is dangerous in traffic does not alter this reason. As I said, only if one was interested in creating a benchmark, would any comparrison be fuitful. And this benchmark would have to be quite comprehensive and cover many aspects of the drug in order to serve any real purpose in this particular debate.   I don't believe that the government of a free people has the right to restrict personal choices unless those choices demonstrably negatively affect others. A free people don't want nor need a nanny government. Society, IMO, doesn't get to make the call on my personal behavior until that behavior impacts others.   Yes, I`ve come to understand that ;). Evidently I don`t agree, but that`s probably another discussion. But irregardless how you feel about the nanny state, the comparison between alcohol and marijuana is only frutifull in a debate on the (desired) legal status of marijuana if it is conducted across a broad range of costs and benefits. Not on isolated issues alone.
I agree, however, the discussion was that marijuana should be illegal because it impairs driving. It is fair to compare the effect of alcohol to marijuana if the assertion made is that both impair driving but only ONE is illegal. The argument fails, logically, since the negative effects of alcohol far exceed those of marijuana. Therefore, some other criteria needs to be used in order to legitimately ban one and not the other, IMO.   I don't believe that the government of a free people has the right to restrict personal choices unless those choices demonstrably negatively affect others. A free people don't want nor need a nanny government. Society, IMO, doesn't get to make the call on my personal behavior until that behavior impacts others.    See above.  Actually the debate is about whether all drugs should be legal. This whole marijuana thing is a tangent. People started puttting out how marijuana doesn't effect dexterity or that people can perform as well as sober driver while stoned, and that is a load of hogwash.  The argument that alcohol is legal and worse, does not provide a rational basis for the legilization of marijuana. At least the one comment about just wanting to be able to ingest whatever a person wants is more honest. The answer remains no however.  I'm looking for someone to put forth a good reason to add another legal vice to the inventory of Americans given the two major ones cause such a catastrophic level of damage. I have yet to read one.
the "good reason" that you are looking for is the belief that the government has overstepped its authority when it makes laws regulating what people can ingest. I'm a big opponent of nanny governmental intervention and drug laws are certainly a form of nanny governmental control of personal; behavior.  aside from the Constitutional issue, there's a more pragmatic reason. Mandatory drug sentencing has actually caused the early release of hardened felons. Because of prison overcrowding, violent felons are often given early parole in order to make way for mandatory drug sentenced individuals. Given a choice, I'd rather see the drug dealers on the street and the violent criminals in jail so that theyt can't commit more violent crimes.  I agree there is no reason to sacrifice prison space to house simple users. That's not what this debate is about. Drugs can still kept illegal while using existing bed space more wisely, and that still is no answer about a good reason for legilization. When simple changes to probation and more creative forms of house arrest can provide an answer to the issue you raise.
Your proposal may address the pragmatic issues, but not the fundamental Constitutional issue. I don't believe that the government has the authority to regulate personal behavior unless it injures others. A stoner, sitting at home getting stoned doesn't meet that criteria. IMO.  That is an observation made in a test tube that does not take into account reality. One could say the same thing about alcohol and tobacco, yet they cause 10 ten fold plus the level of damage of all illegal drugs combined precisely because of the volume available and the social acceptance.
And while we're wasting taxpayer money on house arresting druggies, a few murderers will get away with their crimes.  That is a statement without basis or any sort of explanation how precisely you arrive at that conclusion.
Since the war on drugs has began (1980s), murder rates (especially unsolved murders) have increased. I'm sure that's pretty obvious.  You don't have your facts straight. The murder rate is down nearly 40% from the 80's and in fact the combination of less cases to work and DNA technology has allowed homicide departments in many major cities to work 'cold cases' much harder and bring even more people to trial. That is a 40% drop in actual numbers as well, the population has increased substantially in that time frame so the per capita rate has plummeted. So your statement is just not true.
Since the war on drugs has began (1980s), murder rates (especially unsolved murders) have increased. I'm sure that's pretty obvious.  emoticon_rolleyes   Since the Moon Landings, violent crime in the UK has risen...
While murders are down, incarceration for drug sales and possession has skyrocketed.Could it be that many potential murderers were arrested for sales and possession, thus taking them away from the public pool of potential murder victims?
That's not the way I understand the drug trade. Those in charge of specific territories are seldom if ever arrested unless LE has an informant who agrees to testify against them. If they are in fact convicted, their organizations continue functioning with new or substitute leadership as they control the wholesale supply.   Street dealers operate at the whim of whomever controls a specific territory by having retail sales (rights) due to their ability to obtain product from the territory 'owner' and are considered expendable. Some violence occurs to fill a street void, but not often as territories were well established long ago (the drug 'wars' of the 1980s and early 1990s) due to the immense profitability factor.   Users, consumers in possession, are the most common LE arrest and (meth excepted) considered non-violent. They're generally given a free LE ride if they identify their source of supply, the street dealer. Due to the immensity of the US drug trade, the street dealer seldom testifies against his/her supplier who controls the territory, valuing his/her life and that of family members and friends. Mercy and understanding are not in drug trade P&Ps.   So our LE devoted to drug enforcement grows faster than a hutch of rabbits, our judicial system is hopelessly clogged, jails and prisons are full with early release due to overcrowding being a daily occurrence and it's 'business as usual' in the stabilized, tax-free drug trade with few interruptions.But, street dealers often carry handguns and drug deals can turn to murder. Could there be no correlation between the arrest of street level dealers and the decrease in murder rates?
I have enjoyed reading viewpoints in this thread. I think all will admit that we are losing this war on drugs, which is primarily a war on supply. Regardless of the product, if a demand exists that guarantees huge profits then there will always be those that will feed that demand. I don't see a victory on the horizon, but I do think the war should be fought on both fronts and more done to reduce demand. Alcohol and smoking are trending downward as our youth no longer see it as cool. Hopefully with the right education and rehab efforts we can, over time, slow the flow of new and old customers. Legalization as a means to winning this war is a complex subject with a lot of unanswered questions and I hope to see more studies on this. Major question is can the war be won or is it just an ongoing holding action. DonoI believe the war on drugs is nothing more than an empty campaign tool. It will never be won for several reasons.  The number one reason I believe is that the drug world is too big of a money machine for the legal industry including police, bondsmen, lawyers, courts, rehab centers, etc. People can proudly claim they are fighting the war on drugs all the while knowing that it is never going to end. It's like coming out against something you know is never going to stop just to say you are against it. It makes the Bible thumpers happy.  The demand is never going to go to zero. The supply will always satisfy the demand.
Recent studies apparently show that pot is more harmful than you say. One joint is said to contain more carcinogens than four tobacco cigarettes.  I doubt your 20,000 joints theory.  You have a simplistic argument going for pot. I can't agree that legalizing all drugs would be a good thing either. Programs in Holland have failed to produce significant if any benefits to society in general. The druggies seem to have benefitted by having arrest-free drug zones and access to whatever they want, but the cost of drugs still requires some income, something that most of them likely do not have other than from crime, begging or social programs.  One "benefit" I see from legalizing drugs is that the users could be more easily identified.  Yea the legalizatioin of drugs would cause an epedimic of problems. Crime, suicide, mental health problems, and physical health problems.
Too late, drug usage has already created those epidemics. Legalizing drugs may increase some of them temporarily, but they already exist. I would argue that there would be a decrease in crime, for certain.  If there is a positive relationship between drug consumption and crime, it doesn`t seem very likely that crime would go down as a result of lowering the price on drugs (and thus rasing consumption).
See above post. Legal drugs = less inmates.  Ah, sorry. I must admit that it certainly makes sense if you put it like that :p
I've been very iffy on the issue of legalization for quite some time. I used to be pro-legalization (atleast for weed) but now I'm pretty much against it.  I really hate the idea that we're wasting money on 'problems' that simply will not go away. If people want to do drugs, they WILL do drugs... its really simply as that. There has been a lot of talk about the actually harm that marijuana does and I will have to agree that it is much less a problem than alcohol.  I go to a college were both the binge drinking and the marijuana use is extremely rampant (#1 party school). I have friends who smoke pot every single day and I have friends who never smoke at all. I usually partake in smoking when my friends do it on weekends. The college here isn't easy and many of my friends are doing just fine in their classes. MARIJUANA DOES NOT MAKE YOU STUPID. Its the most distorting lie that I hear. It might make you lazy and a little short on memory DURING your high... but that only lasts a few hours.  But now back to the issue... why should marijuana be legal anyway? If you want to smoke marijuana in your home, you can. I've done it probably 200 times in my college career and not once has a police come knocking or have I felt like my privacy was at risk. It feels  perfectly legal and I think that perceived freedom is the essence of what is important.  Why pot should stay illegal... it makes it pretty damn expensive for a college student. I think this is a good thing. (This might not apply to everyone but atleast in my situation). Another thing is most people in jail are doing significant time were selling. They should be arrested... its the risk they take for making a lot of money. Either way our spending on the "drug war" should almost be cut out completely... but legalization isn't a good idea either. It sends the wrong message to young people.  I think people in my situation (hold a job, are in schooling, are in control of their life, etc.) hold a certain degree of responsiblity that allows one to handle drugs if they please (this includes delving into mushrooms, or cocaine if one is so inclined). The essence of a REAL addiction is when being sober just doesn't cut it anymore. Its the people with ****** lives who like their reality forever distorted (and who can blame them). I think everyone has the right to do whatever the **** they please as long as it doesn't hurt anyone else.  As I said before my thoughts are all around on the subject but my main point is this: The main argument for legalization is that the government shouldn't tell us what we can and can't do if it doesn't hurt anyone else... and I agree with this. But really... what are they doing to stop you from doing the drugs you want (atleast not blantantly in public)?... nothing! Legalizing drugs will lift much of the stigma (which I actually believe is good in some respects) that drugs are BAD simply stated. Kids at impressionable ages should believe this. They are to young and naive to have a plan for life and weed might just become it if they don't like school. When you're older and wiser you can make better decisions for yourself. You can 'rebel' if you want. You know the government is full of **** and weed won't make you stupid or crazy. But maybe its better for the youngin's to think so.  Just my 2 ounces
Drugs are bad 'mmmmkay?
Another wandering stoner post? emoticon_confused  You are basically saying "Do as I say, not as I do" You do realize that, don't you? emoticon_rolleyes You know, smoking too much pot is bad for your memory....but I just can't for the life of me remember why. emoticon_frazzled :)  Yes... I'm basically saying you should just be happy smoking pot if you want to, its legal in principle. You won't get in trouble doing it.  And yes, if you are young and impressionable its best to make pot as scary and harmful as the politians do.   My memory is just fine also
That's only because you've never been caught. It IS illegal to smoke pot even if you do it in your house. You have just been lucky.  Actually, it's illegal to possess pot, not to smoke it. You can't get arrested for being high.
Not true. Public intoxication includes illegal drugs. Here's an example from WV....but, you can't get arrested just for being high. You have to disturb someone else with your actions. If you just sit in the park stoned out of your mind without bothering anyone, you can't be arrested for it. Sometimes it's hard to tell if someone is stoned or just wierd.  I know a girl who has a natural high all the time and to my knowledge, she's never done any kind of drugs. If you met her though, you'd think she was a lifelong stoner.
Should it be legalized? Yes.  Is it harmful? No, not nearly as much as alcohol or tobacco. Should it be taxed once legalized? Yes. Should laws still aply to it, such as DUIs and the like? Yes.    Should it be legalized? Only if every other country did it Is it harmful? Yes more so then moderate alcohol use and worse then smoking Should it be taxed once legalized? Yes. Should laws still apply to it, such as DUIs and the like? Yes.
Legalized? No.   Decriminalized? Immediately.   Make it similar to a parking ticket in terms of legal trouble.
I don't get it. Why is it parking-ticket wrong? You don't give people you-had-a-beer-after-work tickets. What justifies tickets for smoking pot?  First of all, MJ has side affects. Alot of them. Second, the damage that widespread use to our already screwed up healthcare could be astronomical.  However, the current system obviously does not work. But because it is not a problem free drug, legalizing it is likely a bad idea. If we had a single payer system where people were accountable for their own health, I wouldn't have a problem. 7 million ways to screw/kill yourself. You make the decision.
Why? Since when do we attempt to "emulate" other countrys?  I just say this so we don't become like amsterdam    Prove that. What you dont see is that marijuana is also helpful. Prove that marijuana is not good for you? Or prove that it is worse then smoking and alcohol?  Either one, we have discussed this in the crime debate forum so see that. Marijuana is "less" harmful then an alcoholic...but that is not a good comparison. In fact, it is hard to compare the two. A normal user of marijuana is worse then a normal(1-2 beer, glass of wine, etc) user of alcohol (see other forum). Smoking tobacco is as harmful if not less harmful then smoking weed. You are just inhaling more cancer causing agents then tobacco...but once again, what do you compare? One pack to one joint? One to one? I dunno...I think the bottom line is if you had to put certain things into categories then alcohol, tobacco, weed would be "bad for you" herion, coke would be "really bad for you", sugar and sweets would be "not good in large numbers for you", carbs would be "ok with normal amounts" for you and so on.
Legalize:NO. Punishable by law: Yes. Do you not know that MJ will kill you? What about alcohol poisoning, smoking addiction? They are all addictive drugs. Yet alcohol is not a "get high" drug and can be ahandled by the body in small ammounts. Smoking (the basis for MJ) is harmful and causes lung cancer. So just add another health risk to American's and raise social security. While we all kick back lite a fresh one and say "screw problems man, like mellow out and watch out for responsibility". And then the country goes to "pot".
I mean it is another problem just waiting to escalate in the nation. Think about it- teens having adults by drugs for them, they fail in school become criminals etc. We need to control this. The AMA has done lots of tests for long term effects, phycological ones. So were gonna throw away all we have done with anti drug programs, drug rehap , just to enforce it?
So of course you want to legalize MJ. You did drugs so then it because acceptable because YOU had flaws? Come on. That gives no true positive reason to legalize MJ. Clarify ok: We have proof MJ is bad. It's addictive, it kills. It kills brain cells. We have spent billions in drug prevention and rehab why after all that effort would we tear down those achievements?
Originally posted by Clerisian, quote:  "When I was in high school, we smoked weed rather than drinking alcohol because you could buy weed from a drug dealer, who would only ask if you had money. If you wanted booze, you had to do all kinds of onerous things like hiring some sketchy character to buy it from you (and making sure he didn't steal your money), or steal it from your parents (and make sure they don't notice), etc. Weed was just that much less of a hassle, precisely because it's illegal."    Great! So if you had been a teenager in Amsterdam you would have had great difficulty getting marijuana, because marijuana is legal over there. So to satisfy your 'illegal impulses' you would have tried something illegal, such as heroin, and hence according to you easily available, no questions asked etc, and ended up a junkie, but maybe not, because you are not sure whether heroin is addictive or not. Well, think of it, give it a try and see what happens
Clerisian said and quote: "I don't know if this is true. I understand cocaine (and derivatives) to be psychologically addictive only"   psychologically only? crack is not addictive? C'mon!
Clerisian said and quote:  "Only if heroin was illegal"  To think that what is illegal is more easily available than something legal is absurd. But if you are right then: if you are pro-choice you should be siding with the pro-lifers to make abortion illegal in order to make more readily available.
 Not for children, when it comes to things which are prohibited to children but legal for adults. I meant that the incentive described for me to do heroin would have been removed if heroin was legal, but subject to the same restrictions as alcohol. The claim cannot be absurd, because it is the case. I have experienced it. What I consider false is your claim that something illegal is more readily available than something legal, not your desire to taste the forbidden fruit.
jazyjason: when I was in high school, we smoked weed rather than drinking alcohol because you could buy weed from a drug dealer, who would only ask if you had money. If you wanted booze, you had to do all kinds of onerous things like hiring some sketchy character to buy it from you (and making sure he didn't steal your money), or steal it from your parents (and make sure they don't notice), etc. Weed was just that much less of a hassle, precisely because it's illegal.    I don't understand what you're talking about here.     Which high school did you go to ?   It looks like you had a lot of free time in your hands when you were at high school, which is not the experience for most people in high school.  Maybe there was another reason for you smoking dupe than the fact that it was illegal - have you thought of that ?
What a dupe comment!
For information about cocaine addiction: http://www.nida.nih.gov/DrugPages/Cocaine.html
What a dupe comment!   Not as dopey as your comments
Claresian quote: "Well, you can consider it false all you want. It's quite true." ------------------------------------------------------------------  Oh I see! it is true because you said it is true. Wow! At least some people said it is true because God said it is true. You just say it is true, no proof ,no evidence, no links... Well, I say you are wrong and not only wrong but absurdly wrong. As I said previously, a corollary of your falsehood: that making something illegal makes it more readily available is that we should prohibit everything to improve the availability of goods and services. Hmm... let's ban abortion to make it readily available.
Personally I think that Marijuana should not be legalized or decriminalized.   How does it make sense to do either? Why add another problem into the mix?  There's a huge problem with Marijuana use, especially here in Canada, and my making it legal doesn't solve the problem, or help the war on drugs.   People will get behind the wheel while being as high as a kit and they will kill because your reaction time is greatly hindered. The organized crime that comes along with it is too big of a rise as well, especially if you decriminalize. The business of producing and distributing Marijuana is a good business and if you make it easier for people to get away with possessing it and using it then you will open the doors for more organized crime, which equals more production, and larger organized crime organizations; which will bring about other organized crime activity.   Marijuana is very addictive, in the psychological sense. And is harmful to the human body. When you smoke up, the smoke goes into the lungs and then is transfused into the blood stream. When this happens the smoke takes up some of the place of oxygen. Then the blood is sent to the brain. How can it possibly be any good to deprive your brain of oxygen?  Also im not exactly sure how old some of you are but the drug isn't the same as it once was. Back in the 70's the active ingredient, THC, made up about 2% of drug. Now it makes up 15%, and it's only getting higher (pun intended)  The drug can also easily be lased with other extremely harmful substances.   The point here people is that by legalizing or even decriminalizing Marijuana doesn't help anyone, and only creates more problems. If anything there needs to be stricter punishments for those that use it.
Cite a case please.  In 2004, at least 9 percent of roughly 17,100 drivers tested for drugs after being involved in a fatal crash came up positive for marijuana, according to statistics provided by the National Highway Traffic Safety Adminstration.  In Bucks County, a 19-year-old died last year after crashing into a tree near Oxford Valley Mall. He was under the influence of marijuana, police said.  In March, 16-year-old Jessica Easter of Bala Cynwyd was killed as she tried to get out of an SUV driven by Stephen L. Meloni, 19, a Harriton High School graduate who had twice the legal amount of alcohol in his system. Meloni also tested positive for marijuana. In addition, police found nearly 80 grams of the drug in his vehicle.  Furthermore, drivers who are found to be intoxicated are rarely given a second test for the presence of drugs. As a result, those who are multiply impaired can go undetected.  marijuana combined with a beer or two can produce a blood-alcohol level nearly twice the legal limit in Pennsylvania and New Jersey. It's more than seven times Pennsylvania's limit for drivers under 21.  http://www.philly.com/mld/inquirer/news/local/states/pennsylvania/14580457.htm  Wow that was the easiest thing i've ever cited, took all of 2 mins. Im very surprised that you even doubted it.
-First off they actually believe that " Drivers under the influence of marijuana retain insight into their performance and will compensate where they can (e.g., by increasing distance between vehicles or increasing effort)"  Drivers who aren't under the influence don't do that now.   -60-80% of drivers who were found positive for THC also showed the presence of alcohol  Thats a huge gap, which is it, 60% or 80%. Unless the amount of subjects used was around 20 people that tells me nothing.    And plus its a common sense issue, I have no idea how old you are but if you've ever been around teenagers while they're high, which happens on occasion in high school, you would know that their reaction time is slowed (which causes a huge problem on the road), and some have a tendency to freak out when you wave your hands in front of their face, image what they'll do on the road. We all know the effects of marijuana; educe ability to do things which require concentration, swift reactions, and coordination; so why is it that all of a sudden when these pot heads get into a vehicle they magically lose the effects of the drug? Thats right, they don't  And your point is irrelevant, granted we may fear more from those who drink and drive, I don't know for sure, but that doesn't take away from the danger of those who drug and drive.
Huh? Only alcohol can raise your blood alcohol level. Drinking 1 beer will cause a relatively constant rise in blood alcohol level per person. Smoking a joint while drinking that beer will have no effect on blood alcohol level.   And if you want to get technical, marijuana will actually assist the body in ridding itself of alcohol. Since marijuana causes a rise in heart rate and blood pressure, there will be a concurrent rise in metabolism. (This is why many stoners feel the need to eat Wendy's at 2 AM) This rise in circulatory and metabolic activity causes the blood volume to be circulated at a higher rate, thereby passing more blood through the liver where alcohol is metabolized.  It does raise your heart rate, but it also enhances the effects of other drugs taken and alcohol, so its not a good thing to be going around smoking up just to get sober quicker based on what you stated.   But lets still not forget the common sense aspect... When you smoke up its possible to have hallucinations, drowsiness, paranoia, anxiety, and pointless laughing. How does that at all sound safe while driving?
It should be legalised as it's no more harmful than alcohol or tobacco.  Not only that but many marijuana users end up going onto harder drugs through contact with their marijuana dealer. Lesgalising it would break that link and actually reduce the level of drug addicts overall.  Furthermore you could tax it and put the money into more police to clamp down on hard drugs, which would be a good thing.  It should be legalised because it's no more harmful then alcohol or tobacco eh... Well maybe not in the long term sense, at least there's just insufficient studies to prove that it is, But the effects of the drug happens pretty quick and its not good to be high while driving.   I don't get why you all want to add another problem into society... It doesn't make sense...
Way too sensible. Religious leaders will never accept legalization of any substance their dogma has declared sinful. Another sin openly flaunted, denied market tax revenue while consuming existing tax revenue for legislative enforcement. There are a lot more people who oppose legalization of marijuana, or other drugs for that matter, than just the religious.
It's also no worse than drink-driving and it would be just as serious an offense to drive while on marijuana. In fact, since the police are spending less time going after ordinary smokers they can spend more time going after sunstance abuse drivers.  It's not adding a problem into society, the problem is already there. It's making the problem better for numerous reasons such as breaking the link between marijuana and hard drugs, increasing police funding through tax and also technically decreasing unemployment as people who have smoked will no longer be refused jobs.   Your logic makes no sense... we have a drug problem so we'll just legalize the drug and BAME, no more problem... by legalizing it more and more people would be getting into it and smoking more of it. Causing more and more cases of drugging and driving. Also the market in the marijuana right now is huge for Organized Crime, and they won't go away just because the government is involved, the profit is to high. In fact they'll try competing with the government and will be able to win by providing a product with a higher potency and cheaper prices if you tax the XXXX out of it, as you proposed. We also already have a massive problem with people going out and drinking and driving, why do you want to add to it. As i stated when you legalize it your pretty much opening the flood gates and providing it to even more people, raising the chances of drugging and driving, therefore creating a bigger problem. Also it will not change the fact that Marijuana leads to other drugs. Druggies like the high, and after awhile they will want to try something that provides a bigger high. It doesn't matter wither or not it's legalized or not.
Alright, well theres so much to say here... This is for Snakespit and Oliphant   I never said it did sound safe while driving. I firmly believe that pot should be legal for adults to buy, and regulated in the same respect as cigarettes or alcohol. However, just as with alcohol, I advocate responsible use and sober driving. What exactly would be your objection to me sucking down a joint on my couch in the privacy of my own home?   BTW: Alcohol is a causative agent in many of the motor vehicle accidents I go to, as well as many of the assaults, domestic violence scenes, and falls. I can't count on both hands the number of drunks I have dealt with over the last month. I can however say with certainty that I have not been to one call over the last month where marijuana was the problem. In fact, in over 13 years of EMS experience, I can honestly say that I have been to less than 10 calls where marijuana has been the problem. It happens, but not that often. Do you advocate prohibition of alcohol as well?  First off, Snake dude, you admitted that the drug slows reaction time and causes sedation. you may sit there on your couch and smoke up, but come on! that's not going to be the case with allot of people. People will get in a car and will drive while under the influence of the drug. Also, if you legalize the drug this occurrence will happen much more often. Also you stated that alcohol cause much more problems... umm... why is that? Could it be because its readily avaible. Now im not advocating prohibition because it will never work and it didn't work because the people had already had a taste of what it was like to have alcohol. Once you give the public something like that they will not give it up. Now if we were to legalize marijuana you would most definitely see a rise in situations where marijuana was a contributing factor. Also you say that it should only be given to adults... lol i don't know how long ago you were a kid but kids don't care whats only suppose to be for adult and whats not, they'll get it one way or another.   At the risk of going off on a rant, I'd like to add another thing. The only reason pot is associated with crime is because it is a criminal act. Do you understand this?? That is why "shady hoodlums" are the ones with the pot. Whose who are willing to risk breaking big-time laws are the ones supplying it. If it were legalized, all this nonsense about the "bad kids doing pot" would fall by the wayside and you all would wake up and realize the drug does nothing more than create a harmless, benevolent high. NOTHING. It does not make you stab your parents, or rob a jewelry store, or steal money from a fifth grader, or get into fights, or .... and the bs-list goes on. My guess is that the only reason this mis-association ever came about is because the inherent nature of making any substance illegal prerequisites the fact that a criminal must be the one who obtains it. Remember when alcohol was illegal in America? Next thing we knew it was those pesky ole' mobsters killing people by the dozen to supply alcohol. Those were the "shady high-schoolers" of alcohol. Hah! Now look at what we have today - no more black-market killings to obtain it! And the funny thing is that the negative effects of alcohol could be seen, legal or not! You still had your drunks, your moderate drinkers, your party animals, and your dry-mouths. What we have here is a misunderstanding due to confusing association with causality - NOT the same things! But I've no doubt I'd have as much luck as telling these things to a brick wall...  Secondly in response to Oliphant. Now your right about a couple of things... Its not the Big boys supplying it that do the drug, its the little pot head who of course don't go around stabbing people. I don't think anyone ever said that it caused violent acts.... But let me clear something up because your deeply confused, i don't know if that's from your smoking years or you just want to justify "the good times" you had. But its not only considered criminal because its a criminal act, its also strongly assisted with organized crime. Now its organized crime that supplies this stuff, and its a huge profit for them. And its a completely different situation then prohibition. Why? because you want the government to supply it! Government won't be able to compete with the product that organized crime will provide. Organized crime will be able to deliver a variety of different variations of the product, high potency, and they will be able to compete with government prices because of the taxes. The only reason why Organised crime couldn't compete with prohibition was because they couldn't commit with business' prices of alcohol, organised crime will compete and will win with government because government will regulate and tax the XXXX out of it. And i know what your saying "well ah, we'll just not tax it.." come on, we know very well that the government can't help its self, not to mention that if it is legalize that it will be done by a liberal and its in there nature to tax. Also when you legalize it you will be opening the flood gates to more and more users and consumers. And the ones that already do it will do it more; only making a larger consumer base for the organized crime, and will also allow for larger organized crime set ups, resulting in higher violent acts created by organized crime.
Alright... Cheese dude  You picked the worst time to post, im going to bed i'll be telling you whats wrong with your post in due time so don't worry.   And no i have never smoked pot and i never will.   Umm... Maybe thats why i seem to be the one with the common sense here.
That's the driving force behind most US legislation with a morality position. What I was saying was, there are a lot of people who oppose legalization for other than moral reasons.
America is based on an individual's freedom and right to choose. Our government should protect our rights, not dictate our behavior. Nowhere in the Constitution does it say the government has control over what goes into a person's body. Marijuana use should be an individual's freedom, not a government controlled issue. Here are some facts about weed that you probably didnt know:   1.Cannabis and hemp are the same. "Marijuana" was the Mexican name given to cannabis. 2.Cannabis was first cultivated in China around 4000B.C. 3.The original drafts of the Declaration of Independence were written on hemp paper. 4.One acre of hemp will produce as much paper as four acres of trees. 5.Hemp is a source of fiber for cloth and cordage for rope. The hemp fiber is located inside the long stem of the plant. 6.George Washington and Thomas Jefferson grew hemp. Washington, our first president, declared,"Make the most of the hemp seed. Sow it everywhere." 7.Hemp seed is natures perfect food. The oil from hemp seeds has the highest percentage of essential fatty acids and the lowest percentage of saturated fats. 8.Sterilized hemp seeds are often sold as bird food. 9.Rolling papers, like Bambu, are made from hemp paper. 10.In 1937, the Marijuana Tax Stamp Act prohibited the use, sale, and cultivation of hemp/marijuana in the United States. 11.Five years later, during World War II, the U.S. Department of Agriculture released the film,"Hemp for Victory," which encouraged American farmers to grow hemp for the war effort. 12.Hemp is cultivated all over the world. Today, China, Korea,Italy, Hungary, Russia and France are amoung the countries that grow hemp for fiber, paper and other products. 13.Cannabis is classified as a schedule 1 drug by the Food and Drug Administration. Designated as a narcotic, it cannot be prescribed to patients. 14.In 1988, the DEA's own administrative law judge concluded that "marijuana is one of the safest, therapeutically active substances known to man". 15.Cannabis can be used as a medicine to treat nausea, pain and muscle spasms. It alleviates symptoms of glaucoma, multiple sclerosis, AIDS, migraines and other debilitating aliments. 16.Thirty-five states have passed legislation permitting medical use of marijuana. 17.Twelve Americans receive prescribed marijuana from the U.S. government. 18.More than 400,000 Americans are arrested each year on marijuana charges. 19.More than 400,000 Americans die from diseases related to cigarette smoking each year. More than 150,000 Americans die of alcohol abuse each year. But in 10,000 years of usage, no one has ever died from marijuana.  ya... soooooooo.... lol you must have been smoking some "hemp" when you posted that because that means nothing. You didn't name anything that would make anyone stand back and say "umm... you know what pots not so bad"... in fact the only point that i even stood out was "George Washington and Thomas Jefferson grew hemp... declared,"Make the most of the hemp seed. Sow it everywhere." Too bad they had no intention of smoking the stuff eh... the only reason why they said that was because 1 acre of hemp will produce as much fiber as 2 to 3 acres of cotton. Sorry bud, but America's founding Fathers weren't no refer addicts. And i love that point about how only Twelve Americans receive prescribed marijuana from the U.S. government, thats like music. That only means that there is no reason at all to have this drug decriminalised, illegalized or even given to the sick, because its not even needed. ooo and people are effected by the drug differentlly and some do have hallucinations. ;)
I have always been puzzled why the conservative right should be opposed to drug legalisation. Are these not the same people who clamour for smaller government, deregulation, the rights of the individual over those of the state?  Ya, but we also tend not to like Crime, and we favour tradition family values. Legalizing or even decriminalizing drugs do nothing but increase crime, and break down good moral values.
Alright I see i've been getting some questions about how would the legalization of Marijuana creat more of a crime problem.  You see the legalization of the drug would not go the same way as the end of prohibition did. We live in a very different world. The first thing that the government would do after legalizing it would be tax it and regulate it. Which i have heard no objection to from people on this forum. You see the only reason why the end of Prohibtion worked is because the responciblity was given to small businesses, and therefore organized crime was unable to compete. This would not be the case. Government would be in control and taxes would be imposed. Organized crime would be able to compete. They would produce a better product and at a cheaper price. Also the demand for this product would boom, because people would have easier access to it, and wouldn't fear any consiquences for possession of it. With this boom in demand will come a need to increase supply and market. Bringing more organized crime into our neighbourhoods. This is exactly what the police protest, and why they fear and consideration in government decriminalizing or legalizing the drug.  I, like many others, want to go back to traditional family values. That means, encouraging the standard nuclear family, stop the unlimited access of pronographic matterial to children, honouring the defintion of marriage, and stop the flow of drugs from invading our neighbourhoods, and homes.
Organized crime flourished during prohibition. Where do you get your history lessons, Evan? Legalize cannabis and the profit dwindles. No windfall, no organized crime.  HAHAHA im sorry, i take full blame for this confussion.... very time i put Prohibition in my last post i forgot to put "a end to" along with it. Im sorry for that and i fixed the post so it makes more sense now lol. emoticon_xgood
Wouldn't small scale growing operations accomplish the same thing then?  No, because like cigarettes marijuana would be taxed like crazy and regulated. The black market would still be able to compete with these government taxes and regulation by creating a better product at a cheaper price.
Sort of like the cheap black market tobacco so widely available? Or that pervasive moonshine market we have today? This difference there is that by the time the government started regulating and taxing those substances there was already a legitimit market and no black market, therefore the black market never had a chance to thrieve.  What about legal growing for personal comsumption? No, because that still brings up other issues like druging and driving. There is not benefit to Marijuana for society, and it will only cause problems, so why allow it into society on a legitimat bases.
there was no black market for alcohol prior to Prohibition, but one arose when alcohol was made illegal and it disappeared when Prohibition disappeared.  It takes no time at all for a black market to arise; all you need is a demand for a product and laws against that product. i never said it didn't, i said that there was no black market for those substances before the government started taxing them to death and regulating them. the substances aren't being taken away at all, they're just being made more expensive, and the people haven't really protested it, and therefore there has been no chance for a black market to thrieve off of these substances.
What is the societal benefit of alcohol or tobacco? None, thats why i do neither. However, making those substance illegal would cause a huge protest. Once you give the people something like that and allow them to have it for decades it becomes almost in possible, in a democratic society, to take it away because the people will see it as taking away a right.
I object to taxing and regulating it. 1 objection. The government has no business telling us what we can eat/smoke/put in our body. They can tax it just like any other food or other product. Thats fine, but thats not how its will go down. you know and i know the government will tax and regulate it.   If it isn't a crime to grow/sell marijuana, how would it be organized crime competing? The people who are involved in organized crime, who sell the drug now will be the same people selling it then. They will still be involved in other acts of organized crime including violence.  Wait, demand would increase because of it being more accessible? Demand would go down. Most rare things have a higher demand. The people who want to do it, and those that already do it will do it more, causing a greater demand and force either government or more likely the organized crime sellers to create more supply.  and how is it that you keep referring to marijuana salesmen (I guess that's what you'd call them) as organized crime? I already explained that one  Prove it. My friend's dad is a police officer, and he is of the opinion that they should be focusing more on other criminals, not the ones trying to harm themselves. I understand not everyone thinks like that, but the police in general do not protest it. Good for him, i have a diploma in Police Foundations. In that course every single one of my teachers was a retired police officer, all of who argee with my statments. Also in Canada when the Ontario government tried to decriminalize the drug there was spoken protest from police officers and police chiefs all over the province.   AKA my way is the only way and if I have to use the government to force it down everyone else's throat so be it.  If you want to have traditional family values, go ahead. No one's stopping you. If you don't want to view porn, don't. If you want to honor marriage, do and don't get divorced, and if you don't like drugs, DON'T DO THEM. Drugs only affect the person taking them. Drugs "pouring" into neighborhoods isn't hurting you one bit unless a high person comes and tries to do something to you, in which case you call the police because they are actually committing a crime now as opposed to before when they were only affecting their own body. Thats not true, like with alcohol, people will get behind the wheel of a car and end up killing themselfs or another.
And without being able to sell the drug these people involved in organized crime won't do anything else, but once they have the drug to sell, they will also be involved in organized crime including violence? Where's the correlation? Why aren't they committing the violence now? I'm a little confused with your first sentence, but I'll do my best to clear that up. The people in organized crime will sell the drug whither its illegal or legal. And you don't see the correlation between violence and organized crime... your not serious right? People involved in gangs commit many different crimes, from drug selling to murder. And no, its not different people, and you don't have one gang that just sells drugs, and then one gang that just commits violence. One gang will do both. So by making it easier for them to do one will only allow them to grow and more gangs will be introduced into the communities.   Wrong. People who already do it will not do it more. Prove it. Also the people who really want to do it will have already done it. It's still a drug, it can still harm you, but so can alcohol. And learn economics, more demand equals a higher price, not more supply. Although your premise that there will be an increase in demand is still flawed. Wrong. Are you telling me that people who do it won't do it more, regardless if it becomes more easily accessible? I don't think so. And there will be those who are unwilling to try it because of the legal consequences that will end up doing it. And saying it still can harm you only make me ask; why then? Yes alcohol can harm you to, but that's not reason to start introducing other harmful substances. Hey, heroin can harm you and its addicting, but hey its the same with cigarettes. Also, there will be more demand because it will be more readily accessible, plus yes prices will rise, i never said they wouldn't. As you said that's basic economics. And then demand will go down due to those higher prices. However the sellers will increase their supply, in order to avoid having to raise those prices and lose demand because the higher revenue benefit.   OK, just wanted to let you know that all police officers aren't robots and follow 100% what other people tell them to do. Not all police officers are against legalizing marijuana. Who's telling them to do anything? lol I never said that some police don't care. But the majority of constables and high ranking officers object to it.  And that's the crime. Same with alcohol, drunk driving's the crime, NOT drinking. People are able to do marijuana and not drive, just as it's possible to drink and not drive. If they are driving under the influence of marijuana, it's still illegal. We just actually punish something that may harm other people rather than only harm themselves as you people for so-called "family values" seem to enjoy forcing your values on other people. I'm not forcing my values on anyone, I'm merely encouraging them. And before you go nuts say "yes you yes you, your forcing me not to get high".. Well unless you advocate the legalization of cocaine then your doing the same thing. Also, marijuana acts as a gateway drug. Now, now, I know how much you hippies hate that point "no its not no its not", I've heard it before... although 10mins later the guy starts telling me about how he did meth and coke..... Obviously not everyone goes beyond marijuana, there's always the exception, but a lot of people do. They have the high from marijuana and they want something stronger so they move on to a stronger substance. According to Dr.Margolis, Marijuana releases dopamine in the brain, much like cocaine and heroin. Not to mention that marijuana is addictive mentally. You crave it and that forces you to do it more and more. And I've this before to "ya but so it chocolate", ya well chocolate doesn't increase the chance of lung cancer or make you a XXXXX. That's another thing; it rocks your short term memory, and de-motivates you. And I've seen it, people get "perma-fried", and it's pretty sad.
I said I didn't see the difference in the violence that organize crime would commit whether or not they sold marijuana. Basically wouldn't they commit the same amount of violence with or without a marijuana ban? No because there would be a rise in organized crime establishments, therefore increasing the proabably gang related violence.  Yes, marijuana is extremely easy to get now. There was an article in our high school newspaper about it and I know people who've done it (obviously no hard proof, but you know what I'm talking about). Why would they do it more if it were legal? They can already do it as much as they want now, unless they care about the laws, in which case some people are dying as a result of the law. Im sure there are those that care about the laws and don't want criminal records... after all, isn't that why people are suggesting the decriminalization of the drug in Canada? Do you understand economics at all? There is a balance. These don't happen in steps. The price and demand changes gradually. Prices will rise, people won't want it as much, and there will reach a balance where enough people will buy and the companies can maximize profits. BTW, still waiting for proof that demand would go up if it were legal. Ya i realize that perfectly... However there's more in the equation, your forgetting about supply. If its is affordable they will increase the supply to accommodate for the demand at a desired price, as soon as it becomes unaffordable and supplies run low they will raise prices in order to regain supply. How am i suppose to show you actual proof when it hasn't been done yet, that's why we're debating the out comes. Again another wrong assumption. I am for legalizing anything that only harms the user, which includes pretty much all drugs. I don't even know what to say to that... These products destroy peoples life's, and hurt families as well. They bring organized crime, which also cause the deaths of innocent people, and none innocent people... people none the less. And that's the government's problem why? It's only a gateway drug because it's easy to get and illegal. Being alive is also a gateway drug to marijuana. Everyone who's done marijuana is alive, so why don't we kill them, then they won't do drugs? Unless there is a hard correlation (90% or more I'm thinking) between something (marijuana and harm to other people, marijuana and another drug that causes harm to other people, etc.) then you are punishing some people for the fact that other people can't control their urge for drugs. I would bet cigarettes are also a gateway to many drugs. But the tobacco companies have money, and politicians don't want to stop taking their money. Smoking and alcohol are both worse than marijuana. Why do we ban marijuana but not alcohol or tobacco? Because they're already in the system of society. It would be impossible to do ban those substances because they're already an commodity the people freely use and the people won't give them up. But saying that marijuana is no worse is no argument. Why introduce another harmful product into society?
If this is true (and it is by no means self-evident), then part of the reason is its illegal status. At present, if you want to smoke marijuana and don't grow your own, the person you buy it from is by definition a criminal. That being the case, this person may well be happy to offer you other illegal drugs as well.  If, on the other hand, you could buy your marijuana from your local licensed store, no promotion of other drugs (apart from alcohol and tobacco) would be encountered.  No they would want to try other drugs because they would want to incounter a greater high... after all isn't that the reason for doing the drug?
Again another wrong assumption. I am for legalizing anything that only harms the user, which includes pretty much all drugs. Argue for legalization if you like, but don't say this, because this is simply not true.
We do enjoy income from tourism, but since Amsterdam is a historically very significant site (most of the 16th century city centre is still intact), the tourists will come either way. Many tourists would come either way, but not American college students :)
But I said the people that HAVE done it wouldn't do more just because it's legal. Why wouldn't they, if the dug becomes more available wouldn't you do it more because you would have greater access to it?  I still don't agree with your organized crime statement, but so does smoking in most cases. Some people spend all their money (and their family's money) on cigarettes. Why are they legal? Oh yeah, I forgot about the tobacco companies. When we're talking about other drugs and the effects they have on the families we're talking about death. People OD on drugs all the time and the impact that has on their family is great. In the case of Marijuana i understand it would take a 100,000 joints to OD. However it does seem to have an effect on you school life. IT effects your short term memory which will cause you not to retain the information being given to you, and it appears to me that the people at always take the drug are the same people you never seen in class. Anyways the point was that Marijuana will act as a gateway drug to those drugs that will end up killing you.  So would you be for a law saying that anyone currently under 18 can never smoke or drink, because they haven't been introduced to it yet? Then when today's adults are dead, we completely illegalize cigarettes and alcohol. Sound good to you? No, because a person's freedom comes before the government telling them not to harm themselves. Of course not, and for the same reasons as before. It doesn't matter how old they are people will still protest and not allow it. Also the amount of job lose would be to great. It would never happen. Here's a question, should we just let people commit suicide? They're not hurting me, what do i care what they do to themselves.
Personally, if I have to come down on one side or the other I am against legalizing MJ. But honestly, because MJ in moderation, like drinking or smoking in moderation, can be controllable and is only somewhat damaging, I can live with it. I do not smoke because I find it disgusting and if we were meant to breathe fire, I believe we would. I do have a kind of quirky solution to how MJ could be legalized yet still regulated. The government has a large stockpile of illegal drugs through confiscating so much through the years. The govt could set up facilities that allow people to come in and smoke pot all they want for a much lower price than illegal MJ goes for today. This money would go straight to the govt so it is basically a maximum tax. By not privatizing MJ (and God help me this goes against every capitalistic idea I believe in) the government would be making very high profits, regulating the amount of drugs on the streets, and breaking the back of crime, particularly organized crime. Who would want to pay the current street price of MJ when they can go to a govt facility and get it for a fraction of the cost and garaunteed to be safe. The people stay at these facilities until they have sobered up enough to leave. This could be a winning solution and it might even work with harder drugs too. The mafia/druglords/drug rings would lose a huge source of income when they have to compete with the US govt. But this might be just some crazy, no-way-it-could-work idea.
The cannabis that is going around today in its bud form is incredibly strong and can cause mental problems with users. The resin has got all sorts of poisonous rubbish in it so of course it should be banned. Anyway there is enough misery about with excessive alchohol consumption and cigarettes so why legalise this awful drug. People who sell drugs on the street are just as bad and bring just as much misery to other people as violent criminals.
Actually it's funny. Mice deprived of THC (it naturally occurs in the brain) are smarter than regular mice, but die much earlier. Not because of cancer, but of "natural" causes. It wouldn't be hugely surprising if THC supplements made you live longer, albeit at a lower level of intelligence, even if the smoking aspect of taking it had negative effects that counterbalanced that.  So another decade drooling in the nursing home?
I'm not sure... weed has given people lots of retarded ideas.  http://i713.photobucket.com/albums/ww136/diegito_2009/6483Spongebob_smoking_Weed.jpg
I Don't smoke it, never smoked it, will never smoke it. People who smoke dope are losers.  There are much better arguments against marijuana legalization than that. I've come to call the "loser" argument "noob logic", because low level players on MMOs often accuse higher level players of being losers or having no social life, normally because they're jealous (not saying that you envy stoners, of course). The "loser" argument is nothing more than an ad homenim and it can be applied to any internet regular. It's a fallacy.
legalize - yes. as for it being harmful, i have friends who smoke weed all the time and they seem alright.   I've been watching pot smokers for decades. With very few exceptions they lose their initiative and zeal and become - for lack of a better word - slugs. Not only that but when you hang around pot smokers a good number of them always seem to have other drugs - uppers, downers, cocaine, etc. Pot is a gateway drug no doubt about it. It should not be legalized.  In fact, just as soon as you legalize 'drugs,' there will appear new witches' brews which you will then have to address. It never ends.  Better to get high on Jesus and the Holy Spirit.  OK, let see - so far you're ok with sodomy and legalizing illegal drugs (marijuana). Didn't you claim to have an objective moral basis for your worldview?
Cannabis is only a gateway drug in the same sense that tobacco or alcohol is - most people who try something harder will have tried cannabis in the past, just as they have tried alcohol and tobacco.  When you have a room full of people smoking dope, somebody is always there saying, "Try this (or that)". I've seen it plenty of times. I've had people trying to push hard drugs on me. Some of them want you hooked so they can make money off you. Guys will try that with girls to get them high and in the sack. There's all kinds of that garbage going on when potheads are present.
Originally Posted by snakespit  Yeah Easy, not exactly sure who you are hanging out with, but the people that I know who use marijuana typically are not the trouble-maker type. I have never seen anyone high on marijuana get violent, I have never seen them out robbing banks, and they don't typically ever try to push their maijuana on others. The people I know who use marijuana typically don't use other drugs, some don't even use alcohol (which is far more harmful than marijuana...yet somehow still legal). They are some of the most intelligent and creative people I know. Many of them hold down professional careers in many different industries.  With one exception, I've seen a ton of them lose their personal initiative, never amounting to what they could have achieved had they not been lawbreakers and pot heads.
What color is the sky in your world ez?  Dumb question. Are you a dope head?
In my life, I have known plenty of people who never reached their potential. In the majority of those cases, marijuana had nothing to do with it. Is it possible that some people are just...ohh, I don't know...lazy?  It's subtle. You probably can't see it over a short period of time. Here's more on that:   Marijuana has been found to affect the brains proper functioning as well as proper mental development of the user. Most notably marijuana affects the motivations of the user by chemically unbalancing the natural functions of the brain. The result can be seen by talking with marijuana users about changing their habit. Marijuana is no big deal, as long as they have it.   Marijuana affects ambition and alters reality.  Marijuana effects  From another site:  As a youth during the 1960's I became deeply involved with drugs including marijuana and was arrested numerous times prior to going through the Narconon Drug rehabilitation program in December of 1971.....Of all the drugs I used, marijuana sapped my ambition more than any other. In high school my only goal in life became "to find the ultimate bud (bud means: potent cluster of marijuana flowers)" All else became unimportant or secondary.  Marijuana Information : Family-Drug-Intervention.Net  Not all people, but many.
Considering that drugs like zoloft, abilify, prozac, cymbalta, paxil (for depression) Adderall, Dexedrine, Ritalin (adhd) (not to mention all these other mood-altering prescription drugs) are not only legal, but are promoted on prime time tv, then any argument against legalizing marijuana becomes moot. Want to compare side effects?  The difference is in the fact that the other drugs are prescription only. I personally would be against these drugs being freely available for recreational use just as I would have no objection to THC being used for medicinal use.
The side effects and "dangers" associated with using marijuana are negligible compared with most of these legal prescription drugs. The government started a massive campaign of lies concerning marijuana around the Nixon administration, and it has only grown since. It's hard to believe that people still buy into the XXXX that our government says about marijuana. The only reason it is still illegal is money.  Only because legal prescription drugs are controlled. There are plenty of cases of addiction to legal prescription drugs so really you are endorsing at least the control of cannabis by your argument. What do you actually want a $50 an ounce price for high THC bud so you can toke your brains out or cannabis to be a legal prescription drug..or something in between?
LOL. And this is supposed to be an example of your debating skills??? LOL. Why don't you talk about something you know about. I worked in a respiratory lab, for 15 years , where research about the medicinal benefits of marijuana was frequently discussed, and endorsed, by the head of the pulmonary dept of Baylor College of Medicine, no less.  No you didnt. What are your ' debating skills' poet? So far you have made an ad hominem remark followed by an announcement of you credencials to discuss this subject without actually doing so. In fact just your usual BS
Have I burst you little bubble or have you something to say about the actual subject...maybe you are desperately studying wiki so you can appear informed. Dont tell me . Im on ignore
No I didn't what? So what? You're whining and bitchin' because I did to you, what you do to others? Damn, what a girl.  Discussing the subject? What do you want to discuss? The fact that marijuana relieves or reduces intraocular pressure? That it significantly reduces the nausea associated with chemotherapy? Or that it improves the appetite of AIDS patients, who have experienced significant weight loss? Please, by all means, discuss.  OH shes popped up. Ok Poet so you believe that cannabis has a medicinal value. So should it be prescription only or a free for all or maybe controlled like cigarettes or alcohol. Over to you sweetie.
Bitch, please....I engaged in practical application and research, while you resort to wikipedia. Talk about something you know about. LOL  I promoise I will not look at wiki if you promise not to XXXXXXXX me
Come on poet you should have got enough info from the net by now
Oh, no....you don't get to debate me, being disrespectful. I'm a man, just like you..and if you want to engage in a honest debate, mano e mano, then you'll apologize, and address me in a formal respectful manner, otherwise you can "jack off", by yourself.  Okay.Im very very very sorry and you really are a chemist....Your lordship
Disingenous. This is all a game for you..but then you cry foul, when someone points out your shenanigans and ad hominem attacks.  You couldn't be straight forward or drama free, if someone paid you.  You are going to bone up on the effects of THC and come back to challenge me arent you? Come on. I want to read your views on cannabis:)
No. You lost your bid to engage honestly and respectfully. You just can't behave. So run along, child.  Come on. You know you want to. I promise I'll read it without being disrespectful
.............................tumbleweed.............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
Didn't I say "NO"? I gave you the opportunity to engage respectfully and honestly, and you used it as an opportunity to launch more ad hominem attacks. I don't deal with children or mental deficients. You only get one chance with me...you're a dishonest poster. You're here for drama, not debate.  Go on....;)
I don't think it needs to be a "prescription drug", even though that's what the drug companies are trying to do. It's funny how it seems to become acceptable if a large drug company sells it, but if you grow it at home...you're a criminal who is using a dangerous drug. It just goes to show how large greedy drug companies can manipulate government policy.   Pharmaceutical Drugs Based on Cannabis - Medical Marijuana - ProCon.org    I support the right of people to use natural drugs as they see fit without interference of any kind from the government so long as they do it in their own home and refrain from placing anyone other than themselves at harm. If it is insisted upon that it only be made legal for medicinal use, I believe that those who are granted the right to use it medicinally should be allowed to grow it at home for their personal use if they wish.  I think you have more of a right to that view than me a Brit( although I dont necessarily think its right). This is because you pay for your own health care so you should be allowed to risk your health if you want. Why should I help pay for potheads ,junkies and alcoholics medical treatment when they brought it on themselves? In my experience prolonged use of cannabis changes people and not for the better. I know the same applies to alcohol but that does IMO condone the unrestricted use of cannabis . I know that it does have medicinal properties.My relation has MS and grows large amounts of cannabis which has helped relieve his condition more than anything he was prescribed( he was given some tablets with a cannabis derivative but these were too weak do do anything ,it seems). Now this bloke can smoke huge amounts of dope and not get stoned but other people I know are wrecks because of smoking it. So maybe your solution is right.
I don't believe that you should have to pay for others bad behavior, but this is simply an unavoidable consequence of taxpayer funded government healthcare. Cannabis can be abused just like any other drug, although it cn also be used recreationally by responsible adults with very little harm when compared with other currently legal drugs. One of the common misconceptions regarding legalization of marijuana is that everyone will use it. This is not supported by what we have seen in Portugal and the Netherlands. I wager that those who already use it would continue to use it. Those who don't already use it probably will not start.   The real question we should be asking is what position is the greater benefit to society as a whole. I think we can all agree that prohibition does not work. Billions of dollars are spent every year in America's war on drugs...with a large percentage of it going to fight marijuana. Thousands of people are thrown into prisons, costing the states huge amounts of money per incarcerated inmate. Clandestine grows are taking over pristine forest causing danger to hikers and environmental damage to the native flora and fauna. Meanwhile, violent drug cartels and street gangs fight for control of the marijuana trade, and in the process often end up hurting innocent people. Legalizing marijuana and allowing people to home grow would save tax dollars, save our forests, and take the marijuana trade out of the hands of mexican cartels and street gangs. The DEA and other law enforcement could refocus efforts and money at stopping the flow, manufacture, and distribution of drugs that actually pose a significant danger to society. .   I think I understand what you say but I still see a problem of the legal home growing and selling(which some will) of marijuana( sorry not cannabis..thats a bit harder to make lol). Although I agreed with you about people prescribed it being allowed to grow it I see a problem I see it in the same way of legal home distilleries.If people were allowed to distill liquor in their homes and sell it then cheap gutrot and potentially dangerous booze would be available to anyone who wants to buy it.Im not sure whether that would be a good thing. The same goes for allowing home grown marijuana.It would be foolish not to sell some marijuana if you could grow it at home so there would be a lot of it around to buy. In the UK there was a huge rise in ' home grown' bud a few years ago. Home grown being bud that was grown in houses rented by Vietnamese gangs. This stuff was White Widow and Chronic which as you may know is pretty strong stuff if its grown well. I cant see loads of this stuff around being a good thing especially if even more stronger strains are developed and once the law is changed it would be near impossible to get control. One good thing I suppose would be the possibility to get rid of some of the worst solid .Ive seen quite a few bits of plastic in that XXXX. God knows what else was in it. So I dont see the legalisation of marijuana as necessarily a good thing but one we could not reverse if it becomes as bad as I suspect it would ie minors toking big spiffs or bottle bongs and growers competing to grow cheaper and ever powerful dope  It shows great promise as a medicine, and I know people who benefit from it. I too know people who abuse it recreationally...some of them to the point that they don't do anything but sit around and get stoned all day every day. Most of the people I know who use it do so simply on a recreational basis every now and then, and they continue to be productive healthy members of society.   BTW: does you relation actually smoke cannabis, or do they use a vaporizer. Vaporizers are a much healthier way of using cannabis. Same goes with oral consumption, which eliminates the health risks of smoking it.  I cant smoke it because I will hit the deck if I am not careful. I used to eat it in cakes but you can consume a lot of it in a cake and it would make me trippy for about 48hrs but that does not mean I would just want to deny it to others because it wasnt for me. One of my friends would swear by it to kill pain and as said it took a lot of the symptoms of MS away from my relation. He would have about 12 big spliffs a day and had a constant sore throat. Ive never seen anyone who could smoke so much weed ..about two tokes of his spliff would send me to sleep lol. I havent seen him for a few years but I know he is still around so he probably is still toking. If you mean by vaporiser a bong then I have had one but I dont think he did. I suppose like everything else its all about moderation but I can see legalising weed causing as much problems as it cures.
There already is a lot of it around to buy. The problem being that a large majority of what is around to buy is being sold by gangs and cartels. I would rather grow my own than support gangs and cartels. And yes, some people who home grow in the US do sell some of the cannabis that they grow. If I was going to use cannabis and was unable to grow it myself, I would rather buy it from a trusted friend than to buy it off the street knowing that I am supporting violent gangs and/or cartels. .  So we should legalise weed so we can buy a potentially dangerous substance from ' trusted friends' instead of violent gangs?I dont see the logic in that. Home grown: meaning cannabis grown in one's own home for personal consumption..  No its not, because if it were your friends would not be able to sell you any. The problem is more and more would be grown and sold thus making your definition incorrect  I'm not sure what you said here.. Ive found plastic in cannabis resin and Im told there is other stuff in it too.   Minors already "toke big spiffs"...(I think you meant to say "spliffs"). People already make bottle bongs. Growers are already growing more powerful "designer" cannabis. Look up a marijuana seedbank online...you can find seeds for just about any kind of cannabis that you want. The things you are worried about happening if cannabis was to be made legal are already happening. You're a bit behind the times if you don't already realize that marijuana is everywhere. Prohibition has failed, the war on drugs has failed, and the government is simply wasting money tryingto pretend that they are making a difference. At some point, we just need to admit the truth. .  Give up you mean.  As with any drug, knowing how much you are taking is important. Knowing your response to any drug is also important. It's part of the whole "responsible use" idea..  Home grown has no label with the THC content in it   12 joints a day would give anyone a sore throat. That's not healthy. If someone is going to use cannabis for a medicinal use at such high levels, it makes a who lot more sense to consume it orally rather than smoke it. Smoking anything is bad for you. .  I agree . No, I meant a vaporizer. A bong is used to smoke marijuana, not vaporize it.  Not heard of that before
First off...I have a problem with the phrase "potentially dangerous substance". Marijuana is not dangerous in the acute. There is long term risk associated with heavy cannabis use (ie. respiratory disease)...but far less than many currently legal substances. .  There is a long term risk of mental problems with marijuana.One that seems to elude long term users.It is an acute risk for youngsters so I do not have a problem with the phrase. Ive seen this personally and Im pretty sure that I can google an article telling of this just as you can post a link refuting it   Again...not sure what that first sentence even means. All marijuana is grown. Home grown means growing your own marijuana. .  In that case growing your OWN marijuana will not stop the gangs..they will sell to people who do not grow thier own...people in the cities, kids...people like that   You've found plastic in cannabis resin? How? Are you some sort of chemist? Do you work in a lab? Or is it possible that you once bought some cannabis and got crappy stuff? Legalization of cannabis would only lead to increased quality of product. As it stands currently, Mexican cartels and street gangs are only concerned with profit...not quality. .   You may need to be a chemist to identify a bit of plastic in a lump of solid but I can identify plastic without a degree in chemistry and Ive seen a few..as well as stuff I couldnt identify..maybe thats where the degree would have been handy Why do you think that legalising cannabis will improve the quality of it? What mechanism will suddenly make cannabis quality improve? Are you saying that people should able to grow thier own or that it should be manufactured and sold in a supermarket? What are you actually saying? I havent seen 'good' cannabis for quite a few years  On a losing strategy...absolutely.. So when you have a losing strategy the way out is too lose completely?    Neither does that which comes from cartels and street gangs. Any time you take a drug, it is always advisable to start out with a minimal amount, until you know what effect it has on you. Marijuana is no different. Also, many of the medical marijuana dispensaries in California do actually display the TCH content of every strain that they sell. They go to great lengths to assure purity, quality, and absence of mold, mildew, fungus, and pests. This is a perfect example of what happens when you bring cannabis out of the shadows and into the mainstream. .   I wish you would make your mind up whether you want marijuana produced and marketed as a recreational drug or users can grow their own..you cant have both. You can have a free for all or quality controlled production like cigarettes or alcohol. To have either would be wrong but to have both would be nonsense Then I submit that you know little about marijuana.  And I submit that I know nothing about vaporisers. You knowing about a piece of kit that vaporises the resin does not mean you know about the resin itself but I was too polite to mention it.
I won't argue that there can be effects from long term heavy use...just like any other drug. But what is this "acute risk" that you speak of?? The acute risk for children is that they get mental illness symptoms far quicker than adults... hence acute   What is a "lump of solid"? If you're finding plastic and other unidentifiable bits in your bag of weed, you probably need to look for better weed. ?  There was I questioning my knowledge of marijuana because I didnt know about vaporisers when there is a toker across the Atlantic that doesnt know about blocks of cannabis resin.  Because the majority of weed that is being dealt on the streets by gangs and cartels is junk. They spray pesticides all over it, they use chemical fetilizers to grow it, they simply don't care what is in it or what is has been exposed to. Their only motivation is to make a profit. If it were legalized for home grow, most people who grow would be far more meticulous about what they expose their marijuana to. And if it were to be sold in stores, those running the stores would have an interest in selling a clean product from a trusted grower. ?  You miss the point.Are you really suggesting that home growers could be left on trust not to sell their product ?If they are not then we would need to police them which defeats the point because there would still be a market for people who do not home grow.If its a free for all then we must leave it to trust that all weed on the market comes from home growers excess which would be naive in the extreme so we would be left with weed coming from cottage industries of marijuana growers.Do you think the 'gangs' would stay away?Maybe get jobs?Every way this goes there is just as much risk of criminal activity becoming involved.  If it were sold in stores people would still grow it because it would be cheaper thus setting up a black market..see above. Unless it could be sold in stores and growing is banned..see above  Pitty. ? True.   Or perhaps adopt a new strategy? Obviously, prohibition of marijuana has been a failure. Perhaps regulation, sale, taxation? Refocus our war on drugs towards drugs that present a serious threat??  Marijuana is as serious threat as a total free for all on many prescription drugs.Isnt that serious enough?  uh...both??  I would have no problem with marijuana being sold OTC in stores to adults. As per the US constitution, that should be a state decision. And why can't I have both? I can brew my own beer. I can grow my own tobacco. Why can't I grow my own marijuana?  If you would agree to register with the police and account for every piece of plant or bud that you produce as well as pay for police and health inspections then you may have a point but there still would be a huge market for illegally grown weed.Which just gives you a paid privilege and does nothing else
Mental illness symptoms...do tell. What symptoms. Do you mean that it can exacerbate or reveal pre-existing mental illness, or are you saying that it causes acute mental illness. There is a big difference. .  The fact is that there is a disproportionate amount metal illness in young pot smokers. Symptoms can range from depression to psychosis. Whether pot exacerbates illness, reveals pre existing mental illness or creates mental illness does not matter.   First off, not a "toker". Second, are you by chance talking about Hashish, which is gathered and compressed trichomes from the cannabis plant? .  No I am not talking about gathered and compressed trichomes from the cannabis plant. If anyone tries to sell you a lump of hashish by your definition and it costs less than bud it. Dont believe them.It will be the stuff that I know. I am talking about a solid lump of ' cannabis' resin which I believe is ( but do not actually know or care) reconstituted cannabis resin with cannabis oil and other junk.    Frankly, I don't care what people do with it...grow it, sell it to other adults, give it to other adults, trade it with other adults...whatever..  You may not care that a dangerous drug is being traded without any control but I do And: "there is just as much risk of criminal activity becoming involved"? Get real. Violent criminals currently control the marijuana trade. We have nowhere to go but up. Think about it, if I could buy organic marijuana from a trusted supplier...would I buy junk from a stranger on the street when the profits are probably going to support a ruthless mexican cartel? Be realistic. .   Why do you think making cannabis a cottage industry would make the violent criminals give up drug trading and take a proper job? Just like the horrible liquor black market, or the horrible tobacco black market, or the dangerous tomato black market. . As far as I know individuals cannot distill and sell liquor in the US and home made beer tastes like urine. I am not sure about home made tobacco but I agree about the tomatoes.   Who said anything about a "total free for all on prescription drugs"? What threat do you believe that marijuana poses? .    As much threat as the total freedom to manufacture and trade drugs like zoloft, abilify, prozac, cymbalta, paxil, Adderall, Dexedrine and Ritalin .The drugs that Unkerpaulie mentioned.I would add Viagra and anabolic steroids.  Why do I need to government to monitor or inspect the growing of a plant? Do you understand what the word "legal" means? Tomatos are legal to grow and possess and consume. The government does not currently inspect my vegetable garden. If marijuana were legal...no inspections would be required.  Then you cannot serious say that the quality of the marijuana that was sold would be any better than the stuff that is on the streets now. Marijuana is not tomatoes.
I do agree that marijuana can lead to earlier development of mental illness in people that use it during early adolescence, but I believe that most often these are people with underlying mental illness in the first place. Many scientist and psychologists have raised the question if these teens are using marijuana in an attempt to "self medicate".   At any rate, the current policy of prohibition does not seem to keep marijuana out of the hands of our youth. In fact, it most likely makes it far more available. It sure is a good thing that I don't advocate the use of marijuana by children...isn't it? .  So you concede that marijuana can lead to mental illness in children..whether it it underlying or not is immaterial just as developing cancer from cigarettes does not mean one jot to the victim if they have a ' underlying' tendency to develop cancer. Many scientists and psychologists have raised many questions about a lot of things. I agree the curent policy does not seem to keep marijuana out of childrens hands.I believe the same goes for other even more dangerous drugs..maybe we should make ketamin,crack and ecstasy legal..maybe even angel dust..is there are market for angel dust? You dont advocate it but want to make it as easy or easier for children to obtain it in the future..I dont see much difference First off, I would never buy anything from "anyone". If I were going to buy something, I would get it from someone I know and trust. Second, if you are talking about just plain resin...a black, almost tar-like chunk of material...why would anyone smoke that in the first place? What is commonly known as "resin" by most marijuana smokers is the residue that is left over after combustion of marijuana. It is a sticky tar-like substance that they scrape from the inside of their pipes and bowls. It has a relatively high THC content. .  Good for you. You can call the substance what I described whatever you like. I call it solid....Ill leave a space...............  I follow a general rule in life: If I can't identify it, I leave it alone. .  As above   It's not about them giving up drug trading or getting a proper job. I could care less what they do..  As long as it doesnt affect you...  The reason drugs are in the hands of gangs and cartels is that they are illegal. Perhaps it is a difference between the US and GB that you just don't see. Over here, a majority of marijuana is smuggled up from Mexico and South America by cartels, and then sold by gangs. Needless to say, their practices are less than admirable. .  Any free growing and selling marijuana will lead to less than admirable practices . Thats just the way it is.Potheads selling to potheads =less than admirable practices   There are growers in California and Colorado (just to name a few) that sell their products to cooperatives and dispensaries for the medical marijuana industry. They are above ground, tax-paying citizens who don't carry guns, don't shoot people in drive-by's, don't sell their drugs to kids, and don't fund any such violence through the sale of their products. If dispensaries were legally allowed to sell to adults...where do you think that the vast majority of Americans would buy their marijuana from? .  From the guy down the road who grows his own pot in a garage or from a bloke on a street corner..if the price was right. Only selling pot from legal dispensaries would be the lesser of two evils though.  It's not about what the criminals do, it's about what we do to the criminals. Brigning marijuana above ground would put them out of business. Believe me...street gangs and drug cartels do not want to see marijuana legalized.. Neither do I.Where the gangs and I differ is on the penalty of selling illegal drugs   No we buy our liquors from stores...in my state, I get it from state government run stores. The point was that you stated that it would be cheaper to make them at home rather than buy them in stores, and I agree, it would. Despite this fact, there is little competition for home distilled alcohol in the US. Most of us prefer the convenience, selection, and quality that comes from large scale above ground distillaries. However, the government is not knocking in doors when people home-distill a little alcohol. . Probably because the amount of people doing it is negligable..but I am only assuming this  And I don't know about you, but some of the best beer I have ever had has been home-brewed beer. I just finished brewing a lovely stout...dark, complex, chocolatey, with just a hint of warm holiday spice notes. I'm going to try the same recipe again, but use more honey this time in the wort. .  Some of it is palatable but most of it tastes like XXXX.   The differences: These are drugs made in a lab. Marijuana is a plant I can grow in my back yard. Nobody ever overdosed on marijuana. Plenty of people have overdosed on the drugs you mentioned..  Define overdosed.Apparently nobody has overdosed on LSD insofar that they died through LSD poisoning.    You're comparing a bottle rocket to a bunch of land mines..   Im comparing dangerous drugs with dangerous drugs.   Simple logic tells me I can. Something tells me that the quality of marijuana grown organically in a greenhouse by a reputable gorwer is going to be better quality than that which is sprayed with chemical pesticides and fertilizers and who know's what else, and is smuggled into the country in gas tanks or the asscrack of some Mexican drug runner. Cartels don't care about spider mites in their finished product, a reputable grower does. .  How do you guarantee that the product is as good as you say without a quality control inspection?    True. One is a plant that I can grow in my back yard that I can cook with, consume alone or with other food products, or place in mason jars and save for later. The other tastes good on salad.  Lol;)
No, I do not concede that. I agreed that I believe marijuana can expose underlying mental illness, or hasten the symptoms of mental illness, but I do not believe it causes mental illness, nor do I believe that if these mentally ill people had never used marijuana that they would never have become mentally ill. Correlation vs. causation. You have no hard evidence to support your theory, I have no hard evidence to support mine. What I can say is that I do not advocate the use of marijuana by minors, and I believe that prohibition places children at greater risk to be exposed to marijuana. ]  Its a pity the tobacco companies never thought of that one. All those smokers who got lung,throat, mouth cancer,emphysema would have got the diseases anyway. That wouldnt of worked for them and it doesnt work for you.   No, I do not want to make it easier for children to get marijuana in the future, and I believe I have made that clear. I believe that the current system of prohibition makes marijuana more available to children, due to unscrupulous dealers who only want to make a profit.   And furthermore, I believe that seperating marijuana from hard drugs such as you listed will decrease exposure to these hard drugs. I work in an envronment where I see drugs all the time. The same guy on the corner that deals pot can also get you crack, meth, coke, or just about anything else you want. It's a no brainer that if people are buying their marijuana at a dispensary, they wouldn't need to be exposed to dealers like this anyway. ]  You made it clear that by allowing anyone to grow cannabis somehow children will have less access to it...? Yes they would buy their pot at the dispensary and buy their crack on the street corner.Why not let them buy their crack at the dispensary too? Save them a walk...sheesh   Gangs and cartels affect all of us. I just want them to go away. As I have explained before, it is the war on drugs and the policy of prohibition that keeps them in business.    I was talking about the violence that cartels and street gangs deliver day after day. Perhaps you don't see such in you little kingdom over there, but I see gang violence almost daily at work. I've never known a "pothead" to shoot another "pothead" who was buying marijuana from him. ]   Of course those gang members would have to get a real job if you deprive them of selling a few ounces of pot a day. You live in a real tough hood and we Brits live soft a little kingdom ..give me strength, I would be offended if that wasnt so ridiculous. Please tell those dealers to stop shooting their customers.lol There are plenty of gangs guns and violence in Britain...not as much as YOU have of course lol  If legalized, marijuana sold at disrensaries could be cheaper than what is currently available on the black market. Any time you make something illegal and push it underground, you increase it's value to those who want it. If I were going to buy marijuana, I would still rather pay a few bucks more to buy it in a safe environment like a dispensary from someone I trust than to go out and take my chances with the armed gang banger on the street.]  As I said selling from dispensaries is preferable than allowing a free for all but if you sell from dispensaries and still allowed people to grow pot then there still would be the capacity to grow and sell and anyone who grew a bit of extra to sell will ALWAYS be able to undercut the dispensaries or grow a more powerful variant than the dispensaries sell. So unless you are saying you prohibit home grown then you really dont have a case and if you say we should prohibit home grown pot we are back to where we started   If you want to insist that it is an "evil". ]  If your child became mentally ill through smoking pot then you would think it evil...as said as long as it doesnt affect you. And no I havent   If marijuana were taken out of their hands, most would no longer be around. Hmmm...lock people up for causing problems, or make them vanish and eliminate the problems. Hmmmm....]  If you think legalising pot will make the gangs go back to college then there is not much point in arguing with you   Probably not. It's because the majority of people who do home distill don't sell their product. They use it themselves, or share it with friends on a social basis.]   Or its illegal to sell home made liquor       Overdose simply means "excessive dose". And yes, actually it is thought that one person (perhaps 2) has died from an LSD overdose, but it requires extraordinarily high doses, and is not easy to do. I am thinking in terms of the work that I do, where overdose means to seriously places one's life at risk via ingestion of a drug or chemical.]  Its thought but not proved...and if the most possible fatalies are 2 then LSD must be nearly as safe as pot and far safer than alcohol.....or maybe not     Many dispensaries do their own quality control. Simple testing is available through labs and much testing can be done right in the dispensary with a few basic tools. But again, simple logic tells us that if marijuana can be cultivated legally, the practices used to grow it will improve. I know a few people who grow their own, and they go t great lengths to ensure that they grow healthy plants organically with no disease or infestation. ]  What is to stop the homegrower selling marijuana that was cultivated badly?  Government inspection would only add one more wasteful government beaurocracy to the payroll. That's the last thing we need. ] What we should do is assume all home growers are stand up guys because they do not belong or could not possibly belong to a gang. Therefore anything they sell would be high quality.........      [/QUOTE][/QUOTE]
gansao, have you ever used marijuana?  I dont suppose the the FBI will be knocking on my door so I can tell you I have used it , grown it and sold it.
Why bother chasing casual user's and wasting money on containing them if they are going to do it anyway. I think its a good idea, if someone is intent on doing something then a law wont stop them.  Although thats a bad line of reasoning. I theif might steal no matter what the law says but this doesn't mean we should have no law.   As for the drugs....If it ever happened in the US, I hope people wouldn't get mad at the "drug" companies like they do the current tobacco companies. Seems like the same people that are like "legalize drugs" are holding a sign up supporting a lawsuit against Phillip Morris.  Either way, the idea is stupid and I would probably only support marijuana being legalized if most other countries did it...why? So we don't have a bunch of drug addicts coming here just for the weed.
Canada, Mexico and most Caribbean Islands other than Cuba have substantial marijuana growing operations for internal consumption and export to the largest market, the US. None of our immediate neighbors would be coming to the US just to smoke pot. I find it odd that you support marijuana being legalized....I thought you wanted a more productive US, and I don't think you meant an increase in Frito Lay sales.
Ok...I'll bite. What does legalization of Marijuana have to do with our country becoming more or less productive?  It was a joke...people that smoke weed are regarded as lazy or mellow
Marijuana has nothing to do with productivity. I want to cease the senseless, vast enforcement expenditures and derive tax revenue from production and sales. good grief it was a joke....a bunch of stifs here.  Anyway, the law is still dumb because the goal is to "find the suppliers" since it is illegal to sell. Now you just have more sellers since it is legal...great job
It's only legal to have small amounts. Less time arresting people with small amounts means more time going after the dealers.  and more of them since you can have a small amount of drugs on you (which is all a user needs)
More of who?  drug suppliers. Increase demand creates supply ;) Their goal wasn't what they say it is.
I really don't support the idea...even more so with cocaine.
A society functions better not on cocaine :)
The answer to drug abuse is to legalize it's use?  Drunk drivers remain a problem. Almost half of deadly accidents that occur are alcohol related. What we do not need are more drivers driving under the influence of more legal substances.  Those hoodlums on the street will find another reason to be there. They are quite adaptable.
Does it function better on tobacco? Alcohol? Caffine? How about hundereds and hundereds of different pills?  caffine maybe...everything else, no.  The argument that "because this is legal so should this" doesn't make any sense....one could say it should all be illegal or all be legal but you choose only one side ;)
i don't think any of the drugs listed should be legal to sell, but I do think there can be 'weed' shops, where you must purchase as well as smoke everything inside the store
Legalize, tax it and get the damn hoodlums who sell it off the streets. I am tired of the violence in my neighborhood tied to it. It ain't my problem if a junkie wants to ruin their life. I want my 12 year old safe. I honestly don't mean to sound judgemental, but if it's so bad, get the heck out of there.
 1) For those people who are able to use drugs responsibly, the legalization of strong drugs (cocaine, heroine, etc.) would be no different than people's use of alcohol.  There's no such thing as responsible or moderate heroin use. 3) Legalization of drugs could also allow drug companies to develop and manufacture drugs that are not addictive.   How would it do that?
Why do you say that? Do you claim that it is immediately addictive? I am seriously asking since I am not an expert in this. It can be. It's almost as addictive as meth. Few if any heroine users begin their drug use with heroine. By the time they reach that point, they're already an addict.  It would take time. However, the drug trade that is lucrative for illegal cartels would become lucrative for a drug company to pursue. I would assume that there would be insentives for drug companies to then develop drugs for recreational use that are not addictive - either via government pressure (limitations on addictive drugs) or through customer interest.   Drug companies already make drugs that are addictive, and there's no pressure for them to stop, what would be any different if all drugs were legal?
And what's stopping them from doing that now?
A legal company would not develop non-addictive versions of currently illegal drugs since there would be no market for them, no profit, unless they sold those illegal but non-addictive drugs illegally (in which case the government would shut them down). If they were non-addictive versions, they wouldn't be the same drug and therefore probably wouldn't be illegal. Think about it, if there was some drug that gave all the energy and euphoria of cocaine, without any negative effects, don't you think it would be out there and be the hottest thing on the market?  There are other reasons that certain drugs are illegal other than just their addictive properties. This should be made plain by the fact that there are plently of legal drugs that are addictive.
Not necessarily. For example, from what I understand, marijuana is not addictive and it does give people a nice 'high" but it is still illegal.   I think that the main reason that the more benign drugs are kept illegal is that they are mind-altering. Many, if not most, people in the US and other countries seem to be against allowing any more mind-altering substances to be used apart from those that are so ingrained in our culture that it would be nearly impossible to stop - namely, alcohol, caffeine (coffee) and nicotine (cigarettes, cigars, etc.). That's a myth. There are plenty of marijuana addicts. People think that because marijuana addicts aren't shooting grandmas and killing random people to get their next fix that they aren't addicts. Marijuana isn't benign. What else are you referring to with "benign drugs?"
Is coffee benign? An "addiction" to a substance that has no significant health risks seems benign to me. That makes sense when it comes to coffee, but I don't want to turn this thread into another battle about the negatives aspects of marijuana.
I must have missed your substantive posts on this topic. I guess you missed the part where I said "but I don't want to turn this thread into another battle about..."  If you really want to talk about this, start a thread or PM me and I'd be more than happy to.
Having said that, much of the profit from drug sales goes into funding criminal activities, which could be minimised if those profits were taken by legitimate and legal corporations rather than criminal gangs. Possibly, but also aren't the people most likely to start "legitimate" business selling these drugs the people who are doing it already? I mean, these are the people who already have a supply line and infrastructure. It would obviously have to be modified a little, but I think these would be the people most likely to start legal businesses if it became legal. It would still then be funding the same criminal activities.
